Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, yesterday we watched as Senator J
OHN MCCAIN returned to the Capitol after having been diagnosed with cancer and under-going a serious operation. All of us are praying for his swift and full recovery. In earlier days, as we all know, he faced danger with courage. He is doing the same again right now. When he spoke yesterday from the Senate floor, he talked about a time when legisla-tors, Republicans and Democrats, de-spite their differences, worked together to make progress, albeit incremental, on major issues through discussion and compromise. He lamented, as do I, the recent tend-ency to seek total partisan victory or nothing at all, something we see as much in the House as in the Senate. Senator M
CCAIN said this: ‘‘We’ve been spinning our wheels on too many important issues because we keep try-ing to find a way to win without help from across the aisle.’’ He concluded in that paragraph: ‘‘. . . we are getting nothing done.’’ Instead, Senator M
CCAIN proposed legislators ought to return to regular order. Regular order, for those who aren’t familiar with the day-to-day workings of Congress, simply means doing things in the proper way: draft-ing a bill in committee, holding open hearings, marking up with amend-ments, reporting it out, and then bringing it to the floor for amendment and debate before voting on it. This process, this regular order of business affords every member an opportunity, regardless of party or district, to have input and help shape the policy. That is the way it should be. The product of such a process, as Senator M
CCAINdescribed it, would be ‘‘something that will be imperfect, full of compromises, and not very pleasing to implacable partisans on either side.’’ But he concluded it was one that ‘‘might provide workable solutions to problems Americans are struggling with today.’’ Mr. Speaker, that is how our system is supposed to work. b1015 I started my career in this body in 1981. Shortly thereafter, I joined the Appropriations Committee. I like to tell people that I served on the Labor, Health and Human Services, Edu-cation, and Related Agencies Sub-committee, and there were 13 of us. The Democrats were in the majority, and there were eight Democrats and five Republicans. I used to tell people that you could take the 13 of us, throw us up in the air, have us come down in random seats, have a markup, and you would have been hard-pressed to iden-tify which party each member rep-resented. Today, lamentably, Mr. Speaker, it would take you about a minute to determine those differences. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:22 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.002 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6303 July 26, 2017 
Our Speaker said on October 29, 2015: ‘‘We will advance major legislation one issue at a time.’’ Mr. Speaker, we are about to consider a so-called minibus. The former chairman, my Republican friend, Mr. R
OGERS , is seated here in this Chamber with us. He and I both re-call a time when we considered one bill at a time. We brought it to the floor, we amended it, we debated it, and we voted on it one bill at a time. That is what Speaker R
YAN was re-ferring to when he said: ‘‘We will ad-vance major legislation one issue at a time.’’ Apparently, Mr. Speaker, that has become inconvenient or impossible, but it is not the regular order that we are pursuing. Speaker R
YAN went on to say: ‘‘We will not duck the tough issues. We will take them head on.’’ Mr. Speaker, we will adopt a rule that will duck the issue that will preclude full debate, and it deals with President Trump’s pro-posal to build a wall that many in his administration believe will be ineffec-tive in accomplishing the objective that we all support, and that is keeping our country secure and making sure that those who come into this country are known to us and don’t sneak into the country. But the wall will not work and we will not be able to debate that fully be-cause it will be included in the rule. I suggest, Mr. Speaker, that is ducking the issue. It will be deemed passed. We won’t vote on it. We will vote for the rule or against the rule, and the wall and $1.6 billion will be deemed passed. Mr. Speaker, that is not how our sys-tem is supposed to work. Neither side ought to let the perfect become the enemy of the good. Neither side can claim credit for all of the best ideas. That is why working together is imper-ative. That was my experience when I served for 23 years on the Appropria-tions Committee. That is why regular order is so important. It protects the American people. It protects each Member who is here representing some 700,000 people, give or take. That is why regular order is so important. It facilitates dialogue and debate. It brings out every view and idea and pro-vides the framework for compromise. Compromise is the essence of democ-racy, and I suggest it is the essence of successful families, whether they be countries or Mom and Dad and kids. They come together and they agree, not because they get everything they want or the other side gets nothing they want, but because both sides com-promise. Mr. Speaker, I agree with Senator M
CCAIN: we need to return to regular order. Speaker R
YAN, as I have said, told us shortly after his elevation that he wants ‘‘the House to work its will.’’ Minibuses don’t allow that, omnibuses don’t allow that, and, frankly, CRs don’t allow that. The Speaker adopted, in principle, an open and transparent process. Sadly, Mr. Speaker, we haven’t always seen that. But there is still an opportunity for the 115th Congress to reflect that vision. That is what Senator MCCAINwas talking about yesterday. He was ap-pealing to the best of us, the American in us, not the partisan in us, not the confrontationalist in us, but the seeker of productive compromise in a democ-racy. The Congress and our country will be better if we return to regular order. 
f 
AFGHANISTAN IS THE GRAVEYARD OF EMPIRES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. J
ONES ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, on July 18, I wrote to President Trump about my concern about the fact that he and Sec-retary of Defense Mattis are discussing how many more American troops must be sent to Afghanistan. Mr. Speaker, you being a marine, you know that I represent Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune and Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point. We have been there 16 years. Nothing has changed. In fact, it has gotten worse. I would like to read just a few sen-tences from my letter. Again, this was delivered to the White House on July 18. I am going to read just sentences very quickly. ‘‘Disappointed because after 16 years in Afghanistan, Congress deserves an-other vote on this conflict. Dis-appointed because almost $1 trillion of taxpayers’ money has been spent with no direct goal or strategy. And most importantly, I am disappointed because we continue to lose American lives. ‘‘Sir, I am writing today because you seem to have had a change of heart on this issue.’’ I gave four examples of positions he has taken and tweets that he has sent out. I am just going to read two of them, Mr. Speaker. ‘‘In August of 2011, you agreed with Ron Paul and said the U.S. was ‘wast-ing lives and money in Iraq and Af-ghanistan.’’’ Another tweet: ‘‘The next year, you said on Twitter, ‘Do not allow our very stupid leaders to sign a deal that keeps us in Afghanistan through 2024—with all costs by USA . . . ’’’ And the last I would like to read: ‘‘You also tweeted that year, ‘Let’s get out of Afghanistan. Our troops are being killed by the Afghanis we train and we waste billions there. Nonsense! Rebuild the USA.’’’ I further stated: ‘‘Mr. President, I agree with those remarks, and so does the 31st Commandant of the Marine Corps, my friend and unofficial adviser, General Chuck Krulak. As he said in a recent email to me, ‘No one has ever conquered Afghanistan . . . and many have tried. We will join the list of na-tions that have tried and failed.’’’ I do not understand why this Con-gress and the leadership of this House will not let us have another debate. I put a bill in with JOHN GARAMENDI , H.R. 1666, for the only reason that, after 16 years, we have not debated the future of Afghanistan. A report was out last night that the Russians are sending sophisticated weapons to the Taliban in Afghanistan, who will be fighting and killing Ameri-cans. I continue to call on the House leadership to please let us meet our constitutional responsibility and de-bate. I have said, with H.R. 1666, that J
OHN G
ARAMENDI and I have put in, join us in forcing a debate on the House and then vote against us, but give us a debate. I further said to the President: ‘‘Once you come to a consensus’’—and this is raising the troop levels—‘‘I suggest you publicly go before the American people and U.S. military to explain the bench-marks you choose for Afghanistan.’’ Why are we going to send more Americans to fight and die in Afghani-stan? And also give the American people an idea of what we are trying to achieve. For 16 years, there are very few of the marines in my district who have been there three, four, and five times, and I will say to them, ‘‘What have we ac-complished?’’ and they will say back to me, ‘‘Very little. Very little.’’ Yet we sit here in Congress and we fund bil-lions of dollars. We will have a vote in 2 days to spend billions of dollars on Afghanistan, and there is very little accountability. This is not what this House needs to be doing, especially when we are sending our young men and women to give their life for this country. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  this letter to President Trump and ask President Trump to please stay strong in his beliefs and that it is a waste of money, life, and time to be in Afghani-stan. 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, July 18, 2017. President D
ONALD J. T RUMP , The White House, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. PRESIDENT : Many of us in the U.S. House of Representatives believe we have been denied our sacred duty to debate and declare war. You could say that I am dis-appointed by this. Disappointed because after 16 years in Afghanistan, Congress de-serves another vote on this conflict. Dis-appointed because almost $1 trillion of tax-payers’ money has been spent with no direct goal or strategy. And most importantly, I am disappointed because we continue to lose American lives. Sir, I am writing today because you seem to have had a change of heart on this issue: 1. In August of 2011, you agreed with Ron Paul and said the U.S. was ‘‘wasting lives and money in Iraq and Afghanistan.’’ 2. In 2012, you referred to Afghanistan as a ‘‘complete waste,’’ and declared it was ‘‘time to come home.’’ 3. The next year, you said on Twitter, ‘‘Do not allow our very stupid leaders to sign a deal that keeps us in Afghanistan through 2024—with all costs by U.S.A. . . .’’ 4. You also tweeted that year, ‘‘Let’s get out of Afghanistan. Our troops are being killed by the Afghanis we train and we waste billions there. Nonsense! Rebuild the USA.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.005 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6304 July 26, 2017 
Mr. President, I agree with those remarks, and so does the 31st Commandant of Marines Corps, my friend,. and unofficial advisor, General Chuck Krulak. As he said in a recent email to me, ‘‘NO ONE has ever conquered Afghanistan . . . and many have tried. We will join the list of Nations that have tried and failed.’’ Mr. President, that is why I am asking you to review this thinking before approving any troop level increases from General Mattis. I believe you would see great benefit and wis-dom in asking Congress to debate and vote on troop level increases as well. You would then have the American people and their elected officials share a decision to send more of our sons and daughters into harm’s way. Once you come to a consensus, I sug-gest you publicly go before the American people and U.S. military to explain the benchmarks you choose for Afghanistan. Previous administrations have not been able to clarify those endpoints, which is unfair to taxpayers and our troops. In the end, we all share this responsibility, and it is time that not only Congress but also the American people have a say. Sixteen years is enough! Afghanistan is the graveyard of empires! We do not want a tombstone to read ‘‘United States of America.’’ Respectfully, W
ALTER B. J ONES , Member of Congress. 
Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, I close by showing the face of a little girl who is standing there with her mother and wondering why her daddy is in a flag- draped coffin, and I could not explain to her. He died in Afghanistan. I don’t know why he is dead in a flag-draped coffin. God bless our men and women in uni-form, and God bless America. 
f 
RENEGOTIATION OF TRADE AGREEMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ) for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, last week, the Trump administration re-leased its NAFTA renegotiating objec-tives, which laid out its plan for how to fix that bad trade deal for America’s workers, but it lacks specifics. Yes, America needs a better deal, better jobs, better wages, for a better future for our people and the people of our continent. As renegotiations begin in August, let us remember the devil is in the details. The President’s rhetoric alone is not enough. Action is what creates jobs. Nearly 30 years ago, NAFTA was sold as the epitome of a modern trade agreement. Its supporters promised U.S. job growth. They guaranteed trade balances and even surpluses. They said there would be increased economic trade flexibility for North American industries and new buyers of American goods. But guess what. Those promises didn’t materialize. Instead, U.S. work-ers faced enormous job loss, declining wages, sublevel wage competition from desperate millions in Mexico, whose workers have no rights. The recent tragedy in San Antonio with all of those desperate workers in that truck is the tip of an iceberg of labor exploitation on this continent that was caused by NAFTA, enhanced by NAFTA. It is so ugly. The cold, critical measure of the job- hemorrhaging truth this country has passed since NAFTA’s passage is our trade balance. That is how many more products and services our country ex-ports rather than imports from off-shore sweatshops. That translates into jobs. Since the inception of NAFTA, our trade deficit has ballooned to unprece-dented levels. This chart basically goes through what has been happening re-cently. Each month and each year, we go deeper and deeper into trade deficit, not just with Mexico, but a number of other countries. But there has not been a single year of trade balance with Mexico since NAFTA’s passage, just more job dissolution and job loss. Just in May, the United States expe-rienced an overall $46 billion trade def-icit with the world, of which NAFTA is a part. But since NAFTA’s passage— get this—our country has accumulated nearly $2 trillion net negative balance with Mexico and Canada, and that translates into lost jobs here at home, and the American people know it. This import deficit supports millions of jobs abroad, not U.S. workers. It means less money left in the wallets of hardworking Americans as consumer dollars feed the greed of rapacious cor-porate interests that feed on desperate workers. Look at NAFTA’s job numbers. Be-tween 1997 and 2010, our country bled over 696,000 manufacturing jobs to Mex-ico alone. You would recognize the names of the firms. It is an alphabet soup of companies: AlliedSignal, Lucent Technologies, Mr. Coffee, Rock-well Automation, UTC Aerospace Sys-tems, Weyerhaeuser, and so many more. b1030 Unfortunately, the Midwest has suf-fered the most from this job hemor-rhage. For Ohio, the trade deficit with Mexico alone resulted in tens of thou-sands of lost jobs. Ohio workers have had their net incomes go down by $7,000 per family since NAFTA’s passage. Neighboring Michigan lost over 300,000 jobs since 2000 alone to Mexico. There is little doubt the original NAFTA agreement failed to create a modern opportunity for America’s workers. It undercut them. Today, the Trump administration has a chance to change this. President Trump campaigned and promised to build high-quality jobs and bring them back to the United States. How can a renegotiated NAFTA do this? It must include the most modern and enforce-able continental labor agreements to yield rising standards of living so wages and job training across borders are equalized. If NAFTA were working, more good U.S. jobs could be created, outnumbering job losses. Mr. Trump promised a good deal for Americans as a candidate. Now he has to deliver on that promise. The old ex-pression, ‘‘Don’t tell me what they say, show me what they do,’’ will be the true test of this administration’s re-negotiation of NAFTA. The President must take bold action in renegotiating NAFTA, and it must resolve in reversing these negative bal-ances and making them positive. He must stand up for America’s workers, for their jobs, not just for global cor-porate interests, whose shareholders have been making a fortune off the backs of desperate labor. Making America Great Again was more than a slogan to the people in Ohio and the greater Midwest, looking to shake up what was called the swamp. We need a better deal for America, better jobs, better wages for a better future, and we can start by re-negotiating NAFTA. f 
HONORING HENRY O. LINEBERGER, JR. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. H
OLDING ) for 5 minutes. Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the life of Dr. Henry O. Lineberger, Jr. Henry was born in Raleigh, North Carolina, on January 5, 1927. He grad-uated from Broughton High School in 1944, as president of his senior class. From there, he went on to the U.S. Naval Academy, where he served as part of the Medical Corps during World War II. Mr. Speaker, after the war, Henry en-rolled at Duke University, where he met his wife, Betty Rushing. After they were married in 1950, they moved to Chapel Hill, where Henry studied at the University of North Carolina School of Dentistry as part of that den-tistry school’s inaugural class. Following school, Henry and Betty moved to Raleigh in 1954, where he opened his first dental practice. Mr. Speaker, Henry Lineberger prac-ticed dentistry in Raleigh for more than 50 years, and during that time, he served on numerous dental boards, in-cluding the North Carolina Board of Dental Examiners, and he was known by his patients as being available day or night. Henry was an active member of the Edenton Street United Methodist Church, where he enjoyed teaching Sunday school and gathering for fel-lowship. In fact, Mr. Speaker, Henry’s Christian faith was the foundation of his life, and he spent a number of years immersed in Bible study. Henry shared his love for Duke foot-ball and basketball with his children and his grandchildren. His grand-children, by the way, Mr. Speaker, like to call Dr. Lineberger ‘‘Pinky.’’ But de-spite his best efforts to turn them into Duke fans, they all attended the Uni-versity of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. Sadly, Mr. Speaker, Henry Lineberger passed away on July 11. He 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:47 Jul 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.002 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6305 July 26, 2017 
is remembered by his family as a car-ing husband, father, and grandfather, and he will be deeply missed by his community that he helped build. 
f 
WE CAN PIVOT TOWARDS BIPAR-TISAN ACTION CONSISTENT WITH THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, this is really an amazing time on Cap-itol Hill. The Republican internal bat-tles and inability to deliver a coherent, effective alternative to fulfill all their contradictory campaign promises on healthcare has done more than just ex-pose their political and policy dysfunc-tion. They are obviously flirting with a serious political backlash. They have managed to make the Af-fordable Care Act, ObamaCare, with all of its shortcomings, popular with the majority of the American public for the first time ever, including so many small business people. They made the public more aware and concerned about Medicaid, that has expanded and made such a dif-ference in Kentucky, in Oregon, in States all across the country, pro-viding care for people otherwise who had not had it. They have managed to accelerate the move towards single payer by more than a decade: Medicare for all, Med-icaid for more. I don’t know the exact form, but we are going to be moving in that direction, and the Republicans have helped raise the awareness and ac-celerate that progress, but I hope that we are going to be able to take steps to make progress sooner. In the meantime, I suspect that the Affordable Care Act, the core reforms and structure, are going to, in fact, stay in place. This is because there aren’t the votes in the Senate to do anything more; and frankly, it doesn’t look like there are votes to do much in the House, the so-called skinny bill notwithstanding. But I hope that we can pivot towards modest, bipartisan actions that are consistent with the Affordable Care Act, but don’t depend on it. We have a number of bipartisan initiatives that are teed up and ready to go. I have worked for years with Con-gresswoman D
IANE BLACK from Ten-nessee, on value-based insurance de-sign. This bipartisan legislation would reward value over volume and make in-surance much more effective in paying for what we need. I have an initiative with Congress-man J
ASON SMITH and with Senator T
ODD YOUNG dealing with kidney health. This would enable providers to leverage those weekly sessions for di-alysis for some of our most vulnerable Americans in terms of their health. Di-alysis costs 1 percent of the entire Fed-eral budget. We should be able to use that time and attention to deliver wraparound services, more care and less strain on people with multiple health needs. We ought to be able to act on empow-ering our citizens and their families to know what they are facing at end of life. I have bipartisan legislation with my friend and colleague, Congressman ROEfrom Tennessee, along those lines. Congress ought to accept the chal-lenge from President Trump to deal meaningfully with prescription drug costs. There is support on both sides of the aisle. We can save billions of dol-lars for Americans and the taxpayers, and we can provide better care. There are mental health initiatives with our friend T
IMMURPHY . Bipar-tisan progress was made in the last Congress, but there is much more that needs to be done. In fact, we can work together to overcome the opposition of Chairman S
ESSIONS and the Rules Committee de-nying the House the right to vote on extending our veterans access bill to allow consultation about medical mari-juana. No one can listen to the heart-breaking stories of veterans and their families about what medical marijuana has done to sufferers of PTSD, chronic pain, traumatic brain injury. It is legal in 29 states, but the Rules Committee denied the right of the House to vote on extending that service to our vet-erans and their doctors, despite the horrible record that the VA has in pre-venting veteran suicide, and where the opioid addiction rate for the VA is twice the general population. These are things we can do tomor-row, not dealing with denying millions of people care through the Affordable Care Act and the various permutations that are spinning around now. Do our job, work together, follow regular order, deal with bipartisan ini-tiatives that will benefit the American people, save the taxpayer money, and improve the health of all Americans. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SARAH MEECE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. R
OGERS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to my long-time adviser and expert case-worker, Sarah Meece, upon her much- deserved retirement after dedicating more than 40 years of service by my side. When I reflect upon Sarah’s ca-reer, I stand in awe of her loyalty, her unwavering patience, her persistent ad-vocacy, and undying compassion for those in need. As Congressman, I have the duty and the privilege of assisting the people of southern and eastern Kentucky as they grapple with Federal agencies. At the heart of those cases has stood Sarah Meece providing expert advice and staunch support for individuals in our region who need help with Social Secu-rity, disability, and retirement claims, among many other issues. In fact, over the last 36 years, Sarah has worked on approximately 150,000 cases, rep-resenting an unmatched record of as-sistance for more than 4,000 individuals each year. Sarah has gained so much notoriety in her field that staff from other con-gressional offices, and officials even from the administration, contact her for guidance in case work. And in this line of work, there are very few, if any, medals or certificates of honor to honor those worthy of recognition like Sarah; nonetheless, her drive and con-sistency has never failed. Day in and day out, Sarah has an-swered countless phone calls, set up personal meetings, listened to some of the most heartbreaking stories from families who were denied benefits on multiple occasions, those in desperate need of recouping benefits, others who lost hope in a mountain of Federal pa-perwork. Sarah’s reward has been the simple words of appreciation from the thousands upon thousands of individ-uals who she has helped over the years. In my eyes, she deserves so much more. While I wish Sarah the best in her years of retirement, the absence of her daily presence in the office will be in-surmountable. When I was elected Commonwealth’s Attorney for Pulaski and Rockcastle Counties in 1969, Sarah Meece was there. When I was the Re-publican nominee for Lieutenant Gov-ernor in 1979, Sarah Meece was there. When I was elected to Congress in 1980, Sarah Meece was there. In fact, she has been with me every day since, even vol-unteering her personal time for cam-paign work along the way, ensuring we both could continue serving the public for another 2 years. During her tenure, Sarah welcomed U.S. Presidents and Vice Presidents to our region, befriended eight Kentucky Governors and their staffs, and assisted hundreds of local leaders across south-ern and eastern Kentucky as they navi-gated through Federal issues. However, it is the people living in the hills and hollers of Kentucky’s Fifth Congressional District who have driven her passion-filled public service. With every call and every personal visit, Sarah offered an encouraging word of hope to our constituents. Very few peo-ple can find the silver lining in every cloud like Sarah does, or bring a smile and a laugh to a broken heart. Her comical candor and illustrative story-telling have been a bright spot in ev-eryone’s day. I am forever grateful to have such a great friend and loyal adviser over these last 4 decades. Sarah’s life’s work has given countless families hope in their darkest hour and comforted them through lengthy and complex Federal issues. Simply put, Sarah is irreplaceable, both her institutional knowledge of Federal casework and her kind, endur-ing spirit. Mr. Speaker, if every congressional office and Federal agency had a Sarah Meece, our Nation would operate much 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:47 Jul 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.008 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6306 July 26, 2017 
better. She has been the jewel of my congressional operations and the truest friend to the people of southern and eastern Kentucky. My wife, Cynthia, and I wish Sarah and her husband, Bud, many joyful and restful years of retirement with their children and grandchildren. 
f 
b1045 OUR MILITARY DESERVES BETTER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, when our bravest men and women raise their hand and volunteered to defend our Na-tion, they defend all of her people, rich and poor, young and old, Democrat and Republican, gay and straight, Ameri-cans of all races, religions, ethnicities, beliefs, gender identities. Our soldiers do not discriminate. They do not offer to pay the ultimate sacrifice for some Americans and not for others. Their government owes them that same courtesy, that same decency in return. Instead, this morning, our President has told thousands of American sol-diers that they will fight for us, but we will not fight for them; that their deep-ly personal medical decisions are some-how the public’s business; that al-though they are willing to sacrifice their lives to protect our freedom, we will not offer them the most basic free-dom in return. Today, the President of the United States looked American soldiers in the eye and dared to question their patriot-ism, their courage. He doubted their commitment to their brothers and sis-ters in uniform. He said that our mili-tary couldn’t or wouldn’t stand for all of us. To the thousands of brave transgender men and women serving today in uniform, please know that a grateful Nation does not take your service, your patriotism for granted. You deserve better from your Presi-dent. You deserve better from your government. You deserve better from your country. 
f 
THE SECRET SERBIAN RESCUE MISSION OF WORLD WAR II The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for 5 minutes. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, dur-ing the long, dark, lamentable days of World War II, Serbians and Americans forged a bond in a secret mission that remained classified for almost 60 years. What was known as Operation Hal-yard became the largest rescue oper-ation of American airmen in history. It would not have been possible without the courage of the Serbian people. In 1944, as the Allies advanced into fortress Europe, American bombers based in southern Italy began to strike Germany’s vital oil supplies in Roma-nia. The 15th Air Force launched near-ly 20,000 sorties into Eastern Europe to degrade Hitler’s war machine. To do this, they had to fly over Nazi-occupied Yugoslavia. As many as 1,500 pilots and airmen were shot down during these dangerous flights. Serbians who had been resisting Ger-man forces since 1941 risked their own lives to rescue American aircrews and hide them from patrolling Nazis. One of them was Serbian George Dudich, the father of Elaine Dudich, my chief of staff when I was a judge in Texas. For months, George Dudich and the other Serbians aided downed Ameri-cans, caring for and protecting the pi-lots, and then smuggling the aircrews back to Allied lines. By August 1944, hundreds of other downed aircrews were being sheltered by the Serbian guerillas. The OSS, the predecessor to the CIA, devised a plan to evacuate the Allied pilots in a dar-ing mission coordinated with the Ser-bian resistance. On August 10, unarmed American C– 47s flew numerous sorties deep into enemy territory and landed at an im-provised airfield built and protected by local Serbians near the village of Pranjani. By the 18th, more than 500 Allied airmen had been secretly res-cued and flown back to Italy. Here on this poster you see the Ser-bian resistance, along with American aircrews that had been downed, moving them to hiding from the Nazis that were patrolling the areas. For over 60 years, this bold, unbelievable secret op-eration was kept classified. Our alliance with Serbia and the Ser-bian people goes back even further to the First World War. One hundred years ago, Serbia stood up to the ag-gression from the larger Austrian-Hun-garian empire. We should admire such defiance against overwhelming odds. Serbia’s stand against tyranny also set events in motion that would lead the U.S. to take up the cause of free-dom in Europe in World War I. That common devotion to liberty and the spirit of the Halyard mission still lives today with the close ties between the United States and Serbia. As was the case in both World Wars, Serbia and the United States still face shared threats. We work together now to preserve each others’ security. Ser-bian soldiers serve along with U.S. forces in fighting terrorism in Afghani-stan, and Serbia is a partner in keeping terrorism from spreading in Serbia and in Europe. However, Russian propaganda efforts in the country are particularly strong and anti-Western. We must be vigilant to thwart the Kremlin’s efforts to poi-son our relationship with Serbia. Fortunately, Serbia’s integration into the West has continued to move in spite of Russian disinformation. In 2006, Serbia joined NATO’s Partnership for Peace and, in 2015, signed an Indi-vidual Partnership Action Plan with the alliance to strengthen cooperation. Serbia has no stronger supporter for increased integration with the EuroAtlantic community than the United States. So for more than 100 years, we have been friends with the Serbian people. And as co-chair of the Serbian Caucus, along with the gen-tleman from Missouri (Mr. CLEAVER ), I want to welcome Serbian Ambassador Matkovic and his staff to the House Chamber today. With our shared events in Operation Halyard, our combined history, and our fight for freedom, the American people are forever grateful for those Serbs who came to America’s rescue during those bleak days of World War II. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
HONORING THE STRUGGLE FOR CIVIL RIGHTS IN AMERICA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. C
OHEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1927, which is on the floor this afternoon, the African American Civil Rights Network Act. This is to honor the sad, yet heroic struggle for civil rights in America, a struggle for those who participated in the civil rights movement, a struggle for people that were, in fact, soldiers in a war for justice and democracy. We appropriately and regularly honor the soldiers who wore uniforms and went to Europe and Asia to defend our country, and we appropriately and properly give them benefits that they deserve for what they did to protect de-mocracy and justice. But what we forget is those citizens in America who had to fight their own government and their own country for those same rights of justice and democ-racy. Enslaved for over 250 years, and then treated in a netherworld of segregation for 100 years, and then slowly creeping in after Brown v. Board of Education in 1954 and the Voting Rights Act and the Civil Rights Act of the sixties and to this day, those who fought for civil rights deserve to be recognized as sol-diers for justice and democracy, and this bill will honor their work with the Civil Rights Network Act in our coun-try. They used protests to gain public at-tention and, eventually, to spur judi-cial and legislative action. It goes all the way back to W.E.B. DuBois and others who fought when they weren’t so popular and on television. H.R. 1927 would establish a Civil Rights Network to commemorate and honor the history of the civil rights movement. And I want to encourage that the proposed sites include the Memphis Heritage Trail, which has ap-plied for funding as part of that histor-ical network. It was in Memphis, unfortunately, in April of 1968, where Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., was slain. Dr. King gave his last speech in Memphis the night be-fore at the Mason Temple, the ‘‘I Have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:47 Jul 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.009 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6307 July 26, 2017 
Been to the Mountaintop’’ speech. And it was in Memphis where he started his last march about a week earlier, marching from the historic Clayborn Temple with the AFSCME workers— the American Federation of State, County, and Municipal Employees— who were garbage workers not recog-nized as a union and not recognized as men. ‘‘I am a man.’’ Dr. King came to Memphis as part of his fight for justice and freedom. The Clayborn Temple has risen from the ashes and is being renewed in Mem-phis as a place for events, worship, con-certs, and protests. The National Civil Rights Museum has risen at the Lor-raine Motel, where Dr. King was slain; the National Civil Rights Museum, which is outstanding and, next year, will commemorate the 50th anniver-sary of the assassination. Our own J
OHNLEWIS will be there. H.R. 1927 would help to memorialize these events and these places across the United States and others, from North Carolina, where the sit-ins start-ed, and Nashville, to the voting rights march in Selma, the atrocities in Bir-mingham, and Rosa Parks and the bus boycott in Montgomery. Julian Bond, our own J
OHN LEWIS, Rosa Parks, Viola Liuzzo, Ida B. Wells, Michael Schwerner, James Cheney, An-drew Goodman, Joseph Lowery, Roy Wilkins, and others will be recognized. I look forward to voting for H.R. 1927 and saying that it more appropriately represents and remembers heroes, fighters for justice, democracy and freedom; not recognized as such, but, in fact, such. 
f 
SUPPORT FOR SANCTIONS AGAINST RUSSIA, IRAN, AND NORTH KOREA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. W
AGNER ) for 5 minutes. Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to voice my support of the Rus-sia, Iran, and North Korea Sanctions Act. These countries actively under-mine U.S. national security and threat-en the safety and freedoms we enjoy in the United States. Yesterday, Congress acted swiftly, voting 419–3 to defend the interests of the American people. I commend the leadership of House Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman R
OYCE and Ma-jority Leader M
CCARTHY for moving forward strong, meaningful legislation targeting the regimes carrying out bru-tal human rights violations against vulnerable peoples across the globe and threatening our national security. The Obama administration, time and again, failed to hold these regimes ac-countable, and the outcomes of that in-action have had lasting ramifications on global stability and security. U.S. officials are warning that North Korea will soon be able to launch a nu-clear-capable intercontinental ballistic missile. And, to be clear, North Korea will soon have the capacity to kill American citizens on American soil. These are alarming developments and the United States must act aggres-sively to strengthen our own missile defense and immediately restrict North Korea’s access to cash. Murderous, tyrannical regimes have no place in the world, and I am con-fident that these bills will hold corrupt dictators accountable and advance jus-tice for some of the world’s most re-pressed populations. f 
AN IMPRESSIVE MILESTONE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
MMER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in celebration of the Elk River Municipal Utilities Commission’s re-cent 70th anniversary. The Elk River Municipal Utilities Commission was created or established in 1915, when a private citizen started Elk River Power and Light. The busi-ness was eventually purchased by the village of Elk River and operated by the city council. Later on, when their responsibilities expanded to include water, the council created the Elk River Municipal Utili-ties Commission. Throughout the years, this organiza-tion has not only seen their respon-sibilities expand, but their jurisdiction expand as well. In fact, today, the com-mission covers Otsego, Dayton, and Big Lake, in addition to the Elk River area, providing services to more than 11,000 Minnesota customers. Thank you to everyone that makes the Elk River Municipal Utilities work, and congratulations on 70 years of great service to our communities. 
AN INCREDIBLE ANNIVERSARY  
Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 160th anniver-sary of the Anoka-Champlin Fire De-partment. Since 1857, this fire depart-ment has been dedicated to protecting lives and property in our communities. To give a little perspective on the history of the organization, the Anoka- Champlin Fire Department has been serving the great State of Minnesota since it was still a territory and before the Civil War. b1100 Due to their hard work and often life-saving efforts, Anoka and Champlin have been allowed to grow into thriv-ing communities. I want to thank the cities of Anoka and Champlin for continuing to sup-port this important organization. Thank you for your service and com-mitment to our communities and their citizens. Congratulations on your anniversary and upcoming celebration. It is well de-served. 
TWO LIVES HONORED FOR SAVING ANOTHER  
Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor two men from my State whose quick thinking saved the life of another earlier this year. Dr. Bob Schwegler and Dr. Tom Cress were both golfing with Steve Blattner at the Albany Golf Course when Steve began to suffer a cardiac event. Instead of panicking, both doctors successfully performed lifesaving measures on Steve, and with the assistance of the Albany Fire Department, their efforts were successful in saving Steve’s life. As a result of their heroic actions, Dr. Schwegler and Dr. Cress were re-cently presented with lifesaving awards by Stearns County Sheriff Don Gudmundson and Lieutenant Vic Weiss at the Stearns County Board of Com-missioners meeting. Thank you, Bob Schwegler, Tom Cress, and the Albany Fire Depart-ment, for your heroic actions. We ap-preciate your service. A PERFECT SCORE  
Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate a student in my district for an incredible academic achievement. Tyler Wilson of Andover, Minnesota, received a perfect score on his ACT this year, making him, no doubt, a valuable candidate for most colleges and universities across this country. To give an idea on how extraordinary that achievement is, only 0.1 percent of all individuals who take the ACT re-ceive a perfect score. Tyler is going into his senior year at Andover High School. He hopes to at-tend either Drake University or the University of Minnesota in the Twin Cities, with the goal of pursuing a ca-reer as a pharmacist. We wish Tyler the best of luck on his senior year in high school, and we are excited to see what this scholar will ac-complish in the future. Congratulations again, Tyler. We are all so proud of you. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL COUNCIL ON INDEPENDENT LIVING ON 35 YEARS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratu-late the National Council on Inde-pendent Living for celebrating its 35th anniversary this year. Their persistent advocacy has had a tremendous impact on the disability community and has not gone unnoticed. Mr. Speaker, as you may know, be-fore I was elected to serve in Congress, I worked for many years as a therapist, a rehab services manager, and worked in the community with individuals liv-ing with intellectual disabilities and as a licensed nursing home administrator. Working with individuals facing life- changing diseases and disabilities has been one of the greatest joys of my life, after my wife and children and two grandsons. There is something extraor-dinary about supporting an individual as they set out on challenging journeys toward rehabilitation and autonomy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:47 Jul 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.011 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6308 July 26, 2017 
My passion for improving the quality of care for my patients and helping them achieve independence is what brought me here to Congress. Last year, I was proud to turn my ex-perience into advocacy by guiding the Special Needs Trust Fairness Act through the legislative process. This commonsense bill empowered those liv-ing with disabilities to set up their own special needs trusts, an action which was barred by previous law. After re-ceiving overwhelming bipartisan sup-port in both the House and Senate, lan-guage from the bill was included in the 21st Century Cures Act, which was signed into law on December 13, 2016. Mr. Speaker, safeguarding the rights of Americans living with disabilities is a cause I am honored to fight for, and I look forward to continuing my ef-forts. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF DR . HOWARD KIRTLAND  
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize a member of the medical community whom we recently lost. Today, I honor the life and memory of Dr. Howard Kirtland, who passed away last week after years of selfless service to his community and employ-ees through his practice, Venango He-matology and Oncology, as well as the Kirtland Cancer Foundation. Dr. Kirtland was well-known for his kindness and generosity throughout the community. Those closest to him will be deeply impacted by the loss of a man who was loved for his mentorship, selflessness, and incredible work ethic. Dr. Kirtland founded the Kirtland Cancer Foundation with his personal resources to financially assist cancer patients and their families, as well as providing scholarship money to stu-dents affected by the disease. Dr. Kirtland was born in San Anto-nio, Texas, and raised in Poughkeepsie, New York. During his residency at the University of Virginia, he left school to enlist in the Army. He served in Viet-nam before moving to Franklin, Penn-sylvania, in the Pennsylvania Fifth Congressional District, to start his practice. On behalf of the people of Pennsyl-vania, I recognize and honor Dr. Kirtland for his incredible life of serv-ice to those around him. He will be greatly missed. 
f 
BORDER SECURITY The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, as an FBI agent, my job was to keep the American people safe from all enemies, both foreign and domestic. On the national security front, those components include a sound counter-terrorism strategy, a sound counter-intelligence strategy, a sound cyberse-curity strategy, a sound foreign policy, and a sound border security strategy. Before us today, Mr. Speaker, is the issue of border security, an issue that, quite frankly, has been largely ignored over the past several decades by both parties. As a result, our national secu-rity remains compromised at a point in time where we live in a more dangerous world now than we ever have. When you combine the fact that our enemies are now both more sophisti-cated and better funded, coupled with our border security apparatus which is underfunded, outdated, and com-promised, this is a recipe for disaster for our Nation. The time is now to act on securing our border: north, south, east, and west—all of its components in all of our geographic regions. As a member of the Homeland Secu-rity Committee, I have spent time on the border with our brave women and men on the front lines, working with CPB officers and Border Patrol agents. I have spent time both on the ocean and in the sky with brave women and men in our Coast Guard. Mr. Speaker, they are pleading for our help, and shame on us if we do not deliver for them. Their requests are simple: increase their manpower to provide them with a sufficient number of agents to interdict not just drugs and guns from cartels, but also criminals and terrorists who seek to do us harm; invest in the tech-nology that they need to do their jobs, to include drones and aerial surveil-lance, infrared technology, heat sen-sors, motion detectors both above and below the ground, and an array of 21st century, high-tech options that serve as force multipliers along the border. They need physical barriers in var-ious forms along various stretches of the border in order to slow down the cartels and allow for sufficient re-sponse time for the agents to interdict. Moreover, we must invest heavily in a robust human intelligence program, giving our agents the resources they need to recruit human sources on the other side of the border to provide our agents with the advance notice of both the sources and the methods of crimi-nal conspiracies that are forming along the border. In addition, we must bolster the Of-fice of Inspector General to crack down on border corruption through the use of drug testing, financial screening, and polygraph examinations. Mr. Speaker, the concept of border security is a multipronged challenge that requires action on all fronts, not just one or two, and I urge my friends and colleagues on both sides of the aisle: Please do not politicize this issue. Securing operational control of our border is a national security emer-gency. My former law enforcement col-leagues who are putting their life on the line every day while protecting our borders are asking for our help. Let us not let them down. 
f 
THE TAYLOR FORCE ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CURBELO ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today in support of H.R. 1164, the Taylor Force Act. This legislation conditions financial assistance from the United States on the Palestinian Authority’s termination of support for terror committed by individuals under its jurisdictional control. In order for the Palestinian Authority to receive aid, it would also be required to con-demn acts of terror and cease providing payments to those who have com-mitted such acts. The bill is named after Taylor Force, a former U.S. Army officer who was stabbed to death during a terrorist at-tack in Tel Aviv. This legislation is a commonsense so-lution that we must address. The Pal-estinian Authority, under the leader-ship of Mahmoud Abbas, has continued to support efforts that undermine at-tempts at peace between the Palestin-ians and our great ally Israel. The blatant encouragement of ter-rorist activity by the Palestinian Au-thority must end. Why should we be re-warding this kind of behavior? The Palestinian Authority perpet-uates terrorism by paying salaries to terrorists who are in prison. To make matters worse, those salaries increase the longer they are in jail, thus encour-aging these terrorists to commit more violent acts. This is unacceptable. The United States must do something to end this conduct because the reality is it is costing innocent lives. I believe the goals of H.R. 1164, the Taylor Force Act, are a step in the right direction, and I urge my colleagues to join me in calling for its consideration and pas-sage in the House. 
LOW INCOME HOUSING  
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to draw much-needed attention to our Nation’s rental afford-ability crisis, from rural America to the suburbs, to the big cities, this prob-lem grows in severity each day, lim-iting Americans’ abilities to provide quality food, medical care, and safety for their families. My home State of Florida has been particularly hard-hit, ranking third among States with the greatest num-ber of severely cost-burdened renters. In my district, the Florida Keys con-tinue to face an affordable housing cri-sis that has made it difficult for the workers and entrepreneurs of its ever- growing economy. That is why, earlier this year, I at-tended the opening of the first-ever af-fordable housing project for low-in-come seniors outside of Key West. I have also been working to ensure Naval Air Station Key West, which currently has 166 units on base that have sat va-cant for several years, is put to better use. While the process is slow, I am grateful for the Navy’s assistance as we work to explore the possibility of open-ing these units for more affordable housing in the Keys. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:47 Jul 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.013 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6309 July 26, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, finding solutions to making housing more affordable for our constituents, especially the most vulnerable, is a priority of mine here in Congress. I am proud to stand with Mr. T
IBERI of Ohio and over 70 bipartisan Members to support his efforts to re-form and strengthen low-income hous-ing tax credits. It is time for Congress to work towards responsible solutions and make the rental affordability cri-sis a priority. 
PASSAGE OF SANCTIONS PACKAGE  
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to celebrate the passage of sanctions against the Iranian, Rus-sian, and North Korean regimes. This package of sanctions sends a strong message to these regimes that the United States will not tolerate their rogue actions. These sanctions will hold account-able those involved in the Iranian re-gime’s ballistic missile program, those who attempt to destabilize the region and threaten Israel, as well as those re-sponsible for Iran’s ongoing human rights abuses. The legislation also sets us on a path to deter conventional Ira-nian activities in the region and im-poses sanctions on any individual that contributes to Iran’s ballistic missiles or to terrorism. The sanctions against North Korea will respond to its increasingly hostile threats against the United States and our allies in Asia. By increasing the President’s authority to impose sanc-tions on persons in violation of United National Security Council resolutions regarding North Korea, we are ensuring action can be taken swiftly when nec-essary. Last, but certainly not least, we have strengthened sanctions against Russia in response to cyber attacks and inter-ference in Ukraine. Specifically, we are increasing sanctions on human rights abusers, those who supply weapons to the Assad regime in Syria, and those conducting cyber activity on behalf of the Russian Government. Given the seriousness of Russia’s ag-gression, we are strengthening the ex-isting sanctions contained in executive orders on Russia and mandating a con-gressional review if any sanctions are relaxed, suspended, or terminated. I strongly encourage the President to sign this bill into law and will continue to impress upon all of my colleagues the need to not treat Russia lightly. These threats posed to our national security by Iran, Russia, and North Korea cannot be understated. With pas-sage of this sanctions package, Con-gress is doing its job to ensure they will be held accountable. 
f 
SALUTING THE FIREFIGHTERS AND AGENCIES OF CAL FIRE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I want to begin by saluting the more than 5,000 firefighters from 40 cooper-ating agencies that assembled under the coordination of CAL FIRE to battle the Detwiler fire that threatened Yo-semite Valley and its gateway commu-nities. I spent Saturday at the command centers in Mariposa and Merced Coun-ties, and what I said is what I have seen time and again at so many fires we are having these days in the Sier-ras: cool, calm professionalism; self-lessness; and devotion to duty. b1115 CAL FIRE is an agency that works. I want particularly to salute and thank Nancy Koerperich, CAL FIRE’s unit fire chief for Madera, Merced, and Mariposa. She and her operation lit-erally saved several towns, including Mariposa and Coulterville, from anni-hilation last week. Sheriff Doug Binnewies of Mariposa County is rightly being hailed for his courage and leadership in directing the orderly evacuation of the town of Mariposa as the fire bore down upon it. You can literally see how the fire burned right up to the town’s edge. I can’t tell you how many homes I saw where firefighters stopped it literally within a few feet of their front doors. CAL FIRE Battalion Chief Jeremy Rahn told me that the difference be-tween saving and losing so many homes was defensible space. CAL FIRE has produced a superb phone app to assist homeowners in pre-paring their homes so that if, God for-bid, the need arises, firefighters will be able to defend them. It also provides fire alerts, and anyone in the mountain community should have it. It is free for downloading at your phone’s app store. I cannot say enough about the fire-fighters who have been working in tri-ple-digit heat on 24-hour shifts to bat-tle the flames or the air crews that dropped a staggering 500,000 gallons of fire retardant in a single day at the height of the conflagration. Their ef-fectiveness can be seen by red borders of fire retardant that separate the blackened ground of the fire on one side from the landscape they saved on the other. They not only saved these commu-nities and hundreds of homes, they also stopped the fire within just a few miles of the Stanislaus National Forest, a forest that is dying because of Federal environmental restrictions on forest management. The firefighters warned that, if the fire had reached these vast stands of dead trees, the fire would have exploded with atomic force. And that is the fine point of the matter. I spoke with Mariposa County Super-visor Marshall Long and many of the other firefighters at the Mariposa com-mand center, and the one thing that they stressed time and again is that they need relief from the regulations that are making it almost impossible to create firebreaks, thin the forests, or remove the excess fuels. These policies, imposed 45 years ago through legislation like the National Environmental Policy Act and the En-dangered Species Act, promised to im-prove the forest environment. After 45 years of experience with these laws, I think we are entitled to ask: Well, how is the forest environment doing? The answer is damning. These laws have made it virtually impossible to keep our forests properly managed, and the result has been severe tree over-crowding. The Sierra Nevada normally support between 20 and 100 trees per acre, de-pending upon the topography. The av-erage tree density is now 266 trees per acre. This extreme overcrowding has stressed the trees to the point they can no longer resist drought and beetle in-festation and disease. This has caused a massive tree die-off, and we have entire national forests now just waiting to ex-plode with over 100 million dead trees. The heroic firefighters of the Detwiler fire have kept it out of these hazard zones, but the hazard zones are still there. And consider this: we are only at the very beginning of the fire season that combines fresh brush from last year’s rains with millions of dead trees that were too stressed from over-crowding to survive the drought. The firefighters I spoke with on Saturday bitterly complained that they can’t even cut firebreaks to isolate these zones because of the same so-called en-vironmental laws. The House has pending before it the Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2017 that would allow us to restore good for-est management, but we may already have run afoul of what Churchill called history’s ‘‘terrible, chilling words: too late.’’ Mr. Speaker, I call for expeditious consideration of the Resilient Federal Forests Act and other legislation aimed at restoring management to our forests in the hope that firefighters can hold these fires at bay until we restore good management to our public lands. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
URBELO of Florida). Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 19 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER Reverend William D. Johnson, Jr., Harbour Lake Baptist Church, Goose Creek, South Carolina, offered the fol-lowing prayer: Dear Heavenly Father, we thank You for the day that You have bestowed upon us. May our actions glorify You 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:47 Jul 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.015 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6310 July 26, 2017 
in all that we do. We humbly request that You, Lord, place Your provi-dential hand of protection upon every Member, their families, and those who guard and protect this Chamber. O gracious God, remind us daily that while we are here to represent the peo-ple, our authority comes from You, for there is no authority except from God, and those who exist are established by God. May there be renewal of prayer across the United States. God, place a burden upon us that we may seek You before we undertake any endeavor. God bless the House of Representa-tives, and God bless these United States of America. I ask this in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. LOWENTHAL led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Edna Bernice Harvey Turman, who is celebrating her 100th birthday on August 15 of this year. Edna was born in 1917 and grew up just south of my own hometown, Jonesboro, in a community called Apt with her mother and father, Bill and Molly Harvey. She began working at Harvey’s gro-cery store, and afterwards she met a man named Raymond Turman. The pair married in 1936 and farmed and raised cattle together. During World War II, Edna and Ray-mond farmed for the government and sold soybeans, cotton, creamed milk, and formed butter. Edna and Raymond had five children: Mary, Barbara, Billy Ray, Garry, and Ronnie. Edna also has 9 grandchildren, 12 great-grandchildren, and 8 great- great-grandchildren. An active member of her community and county, Edna is very passionate about her church, was a member of the International Order of the Rainbow for Girls, and even helped run the voting location in south Craighead County for several years. Today, besides being a happy grand-mother, great-grandmother, and great- great-grandmother, Edna still lives on the old homestead and works in her yard. Edna truly is a member of the greatest generation of Americans by which all the following generations are measured, and whether we realize it or not, it was people like Edna who built our communities and continue to shape the America we live in today. I hope you will join me in wishing her a happy 100th birthday. f 
JCPOA NEGOTIATIONS (Mr. LOWENTHAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, ‘‘ir-responsible, reckless, duplicitous,’’ all words used to describe Iran during the JCPOA negotiations. Soon, if this administration abro-gates the JCPOA, those words would apply to us: ‘‘irresponsible’’ for shred-ding an agreement that makes the world a safer place, ‘‘reckless’’ in giv-ing Iran an excuse to immediately re-start the nuclear program, and ‘‘duplicitous’’ in breaking an inter-national agreement for no legitimate reason but to fulfill a campaign prom-ise. Make no mistake, Iran is still a bad actor. It destabilizes the region. It funds terrorist activities. That is why we voted to increase nonnuclear sanc-tions on Iran yesterday. But the Iran nuclear agreement is being adhered to, and it is working. Under this administration, are we, as a nation, no longer as good as our word? 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF CURRY TOMMY HAYNES (Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Curry Tommy Haynes, a longtime Georgia resident and brave hero of the Vietnam war, who joined our Heavenly Father on July 16 after a long battle with cancer. Mr. Haynes was one of the most deco-rated soldiers in our Nation’s history, earning 10 Purple Heart awards for his bravery in combat in the jungles of Vietnam. Mr. Haynes remained an ac-tive member of the community after returning from duty by launching the Newton County EMT services, teaching locals to fly and skydive, and serving as a VA counselor to his fellow service-members. Mr. Speaker, while serving in Viet-nam as part of the U.S. Army 173rd Air-borne Brigade, Company C of the 503rd Infantry, Mr. Haynes was wounded 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:47 Jul 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.017 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6311 July 26, 2017 
multiple times. He was shot in the arm, the thighs, the hand; he lost two fingers in one enemy ambush alone. Yet despite the multiple injuries, he never quit fighting. In 2015, he was presented with a spe-cial letter of proclamation issued by Georgia Governor Nathan Deal during a special ceremony recognizing his sac-rifice. When asked how he survived combat with his numerous injuries, Mr. Haynes simply replied: I don’t believe in luck. I owe it all to Jesus Christ. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to please stand with me and join me in a moment of silence to honor the life and legacy of this American hero who de-serves the respect of all Americans. 
f 
BORDER WALL FUNDING (Ms. JUDY CHU of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, the inclusion of $1.6 billion to fund an ineffective divisive border wall is a direct attack on immigrant com-munities across our Nation. Funding this immoral wall does nothing to help our country. It only helps to promote President Trump’s campaign of fear. The wall itself mirrors President Trump’s approach to policy: divisive, ineffective, and motivated by hate. This is exemplified by the Trump ad-ministration’s reckless disregard of the humanitarian cost of building a border wall, which will force immigrants and asylum seekers to take greater risks and more dangerous routes that will likely result in more deaths. Further-more, this wall will literally divide im-migrant households and tear families apart. Instead of funding ineffective efforts to protect our homeland from dan-gerous threats, this administration would rather fulfill a campaign prom-ise that does the exact opposite. It makes us less safe by targeting immi-grant communities and closing off America from our neighbors. American taxpayers should not be forced to foot the bill for President Trump’s xenophobic anti-immigrant agenda. 
f 
AUGUST 21 TOTAL SOLAR ECLIPSE (Mr. BOST asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, on August 21, a total solar eclipse will stretch from coast to coast in the United States for the first time in 99 years, and I am proud to say that my district in southern Illinois is the prime view-ing spot. In fact, my home county of Jackson County near Carbondale, and also my front yard, is where the eclipse will be at its apex. For 2 minutes and 38 seconds, it will be like total darkness in the middle of the day. The city’s population of 26,000 is expected to multiply many times over from visitors around the world coming for tourism and to see this as-tronomical Super Bowl. So I would encourage my colleagues and the American people to visit for some world championship southern Illi-nois barbecue, the beautiful outdoors, the wonderful wineries, and welcome one and all people for the best viewing moments of this solar eclipse. f 
WORK TOGETHER TO IMPROVE ACA (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, while the Senate is moving forward this week on their deeply flawed and really unpopu-lar healthcare bill, millions of Ameri-cans know that they will lose healthcare under TrumpCare. They will face skyrocketing costs, premiums will go up, prescription drug prices will go up. Republicans need to drop this obses-sion with repeal and work with Demo-crats to fix the problems that we know exist in the Affordable Care Act. No law is perfect. At least no law that has ever been written here is perfect. And the American people, at least the folks I talk to back home, they are exhausted. They are sick of this par-tisanship. We have some ideas that you might like. You have some ideas that maybe we could accept. We ought to get together and figure out a way to make healthcare work for every Amer-ican and not obsess about the notion that anything signed by the previous President, by definition, is bad law. Let us do what the American people sent us here to do. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF LIEUTENANT COMMANDER MIGUEL SANTIESTEBAN (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Lieutenant Com-mander Miguel Santiesteban, who is re-ceiving the U.S. Navy’s nomination to be commander. Having fled Castro’s re-gime at a young age, Miguel moved with his family to south Florida. Driven by his desire to serve our great country, Miguel joined the Navy in 1989. While stationed in Japan as a deck seaman, Miguel was one of the few selected to attend the Hospital Corpsman ‘‘A’’ School. He earned a master’s degree in healthcare service administration at my alma mater, Florida International University. Miguel was commissioned in 2001 and completed his first duty assignment at the U.S. Naval Hospital in Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba. He is currently an ad-ministrative officer for research and development at the U.S. Navy Bureau of Medicine and Surgery. Miguel has earned many accolades, including the Defense Meritorious Service Medal, the NATO Medal, and the National Defense Service Medal several times. Miguel lives the Navy’s core values of honor, courage, commit-ment. I join Lieutenant Commander Miguel Santiesteban’s family and friends in congratulating him on this well-de-served nomination. We are so proud of you, Miguel. f 
b1215 A BETTER DEAL (Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because it is long past time that the American people got a better deal. All Americans want the same thing: a fair chance to get ahead and a better deal than the raw deal that many have right now. Granite Staters in my district want to have the skills to get ahead in the 21st century economy. We want better pay and better jobs. Many women, and increasingly more men, are what we know as the ‘‘sandwich’’ generation, caring for young children and aging parents and relatives, often at the same time. That is why we need paid family leave and sick leave. We need to ex-pand our educational system and skills training for all types of opportunities. Just this week, the Girl Scouts of America announced 23 new merit badges in science, technology, engi-neering, and mathematics. This is sym-bolic of what we need to do as a nation. Encourage young people, boys and girls, to pursue their interests in the fields that will be the cornerstone of the 21st century economy. America deserves a better deal, and that is what we are offering. 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING (Mr. CULBERSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, last year, over 7,000 cases of human traf-ficking were reported in the United States. Unfortunately, the city with the largest number of cases was our hometown of Houston, Texas. Human trafficking is an absolutely despicable and deplorable crime that demands swift action. As chairman of the Commerce, Jus-tice, Science, and Related Agencies Subcommittee, I have spearheaded ef-forts to make sure that our Federal law enforcement officers have all the resources they need to crack down on these human traffickers, who are ex-ploiting our children and young women coming across our borders. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:47 Jul 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.019 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6312 July 26, 2017 
We have to work together to provide justice and relief for these victims. That is why Congress has passed 16 bi-partisan bills to combat this human trafficking epidemic. These bills ensure that all law en-forcement officers at the State, Fed-eral, and local level have the resources they need and the support they need to fight this overwhelming crisis. I am proud to support these meas-ures, and I will continue to work with my colleagues to ensure that we crack down and drop the hammer on human traffickers. 
f 
FUNDING TO BUILD A BORDER WALL (Mrs. LAWRENCE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to the pro-posed border wall funding. Instead of wasting $1.6 billion in tax-payers’ dollars on an unnecessary bor-der wall, the DHS should focus its lim-ited resources on more important bor-der security priorities. This includes upgrading and hiring more personnel for ports of entry, the main path for illegal drugs. This could include better and more technology so that border security agents will have a better idea what is happening along the borders. The border wall will be dangerous. Violence, poverty, and family ties en-sure that migrants will continue at-tempting the risky journey through the border region’s hostile zones. The border wall will be divisive. We need to do our job, Mr. Speaker, and come together as a Congress for a com-prehensive immigration plan; at the least, reform of our immigration poli-cies. Building a wall sends a toxic mes-sage to one of our closest neighbors, a country on which we, the United States, depend on. 
f 
RECOGNIZING HUCK PLYLER (Mr. WESTERMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a young man whose thoughtfulness and generosity has stirred the hearts, souls, and patriotic spirits of people across my district in Arkansas. Earlier this year, 6-year-old Huck Plyler from Hope, Arkansas, started what is now known as Huck’s Military Care Package Project. Huck’s project is comprised of putting together care packages for nearly 700 members of the Arkansas National Guard currently de-ployed to the Horn of Africa. Huck’s care packages include items such as nonperishable snacks, lip balm, sunscreen, personal hygiene products, socks, and more. When asked why he decided to start this project, Huck’s answer was: ‘‘We do this because they help us, so we help them.’’ Though simple, this reply is wise be-yond his years. Huck’s dedication to this project has enabled him to collect enough donated items and monetary donations to send over 50 boxes to our troops thus far. Mr. Speaker, Huck’s kindness and thoughtfulness brings honor to himself; his parents, Caleb and Brianna Plyler; and to the benevolent people of Hemp-stead County and Arkansas. I commend and thank Huck for his hard work and commitment to our military members serving overseas. It is young men and women like Huck that give me hope for the future, hope that the giving and caring spirit is still alive and well in our young people and country today. f 
A BETTER DEAL (Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, earlier this week, Democrats unveiled A Bet-ter Deal for the American people. This is an economic agenda that will create 10 million good-paying, full-time jobs; raise pay; lower costs; and give work-ers the tools that they need to get ahead. A job is much more than just a pay-check. It is about knowing that your hard work is valued and honored. It is about being treated with the dignity and respect that every human being de-serves. We don’t have enough of that in this country today. People in my State and all across America feel like the system is com-pletely stacked against them. And do you know what? They are right. Our Tax Code rewards companies that ship jobs overseas. Millionaires and billionaires don’t pay their fair share. Corporate special interests spend secretly in our elections. It doesn’t have to be this way; and with A Better Deal, it won’t be this way. We are going to invest in our infra-structure, we are going to build a new manufacturing economy, double in-vestments in apprenticeships, and we are going to make sure that working families are valued again. The American people have had enough broken promises to last them a lifetime, but Democrats are going to deliver real results to them with A Bet-ter Deal, better jobs, better wages, for a better future. 
f 
CONGRATULATING JACK AND MARIANNE COX (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Jack and Marianne Cox on the occasion of their upcoming golden wedding anniversary. Jack served for many years as chief of staff for Congressman Barry Gold-water, Jr. In fact, I first met him in that capacity when I was still in high school. I have done quite a bit of aging since then. Jack and Marianne have not, which I find annoying, but there it is. Jack was the quintessential congres-sional chief of staff. He was always one step behind Barry, whispering names in his ear as he went from handshake to handshake. Jack was also one of the moving forces behind the creation of the Re-publican Study Committee. Somehow he also found time to marry and raise a family in those years. And, even more surprisingly, Marianne put up with it. Jack and Marianne have sort of re-tired to the town of Copperopolis, and I extend to them heartiest congratula-tions on the celebration of this family milestone. f 
THE RIGHT TO HEALTHCARE (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, even as our col-leagues in the Senate try, once again, today to strip lifesaving healthcare away from millions of Americans, I find that there is reason to hope and to have faith not in this Congress, where the work of cruel indifference to suf-fering precedes once again, but, rather, in the American people, because it has been the efforts of ordinary citizens whose calls and letters and protests have been making all the difference in this issue. It has been the collective voices of people telling their stories of struggle and survival who have slowed the system roller of repeal. I salute each and every one of them. Your voices count. Your stories are im-portant. Keep them coming because you, your health, and your healthcare matter. 
f 
RECOGNIZING LOUISE JOHNSON (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the outstanding service of Mrs. Louise Johnson, this year’s recipient of the Friends of the Fair Award from the Clinton County Fair. Mrs. Johnson has dedicated herself to the people and organizations of Clinton County for many years, particularly the Clinton County Fair. She served as chair of the Hershey Baking Contest for 22 years, as co-chair for Open Show for 19 years, and created the Sizzling Senior Talent Show in 2010. Beyond her involvement at the fair, Mrs. Johnson has served at the Monu-ment Church of Christ for more than six decades, teaching Sunday school, playing the piano, and serving as treas-urer. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:47 Jul 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.021 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6313 July 26, 2017 
She has further enriched the commu-nity by teaching crochet classes, serv-ing residents at Haven Skilled Reha-bilitation and Nursing, and assisting at Lock Haven Hospital. Mr. Speaker, the time and dedication Mrs. Johnson has given to her commu-nity is truly inspiring. I am so proud to congratulate her on this well-deserved award. I congratulate Mrs. Johnson, and I thank her for all that she has given in services to the communities of both Centre and Clinton Counties. 
f 
BORDER SECURITY (Ms. SA´NCHEZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. SA´NCHEZ. Mr. Speaker, after more than 6 months of failing to pass any major legislative bills, House Re-publicans are becoming desperate for a win. So desperate, they decided to sneak in $1.6 billion into a funding bill to start construction on an unworkable wall along our border. While I support real border security, this stunt is a far cry from that. I believe in investing our Federal dol-lars wisely. Instead of building a me-dieval solution that will not work, why don’t we use those billions of dollars for a big, beautiful jobs package? Or big, beautiful bridges, roads, and infra-structure throughout this country? Or to ensure that our children can access higher education and job training, healthcare, and housing? Instead, my Republican colleagues are attempting to distract us from their failures by passing this bill. You would think that with their back against a wall, they wouldn’t be this eager to start building another one. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE SERGEANT ANDREW BRUCHER VETERANS OF FOREIGN WARS POST 5499 (Mr. FASO asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to congratulate the Sergeant Andrew Brucher Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 5419, located in Kauneonga Lake, New York, which will soon be celebrating its 50th anniversary. At the anniversary dinner, the post will honor two very special people: Mrs. Mabel Brucher, a Gold Star moth-er whose son Post 5499 is named for; and Mr. Raymond Jankowski, a vet-eran of the Second World War and founding charter member of Post 5499. Honoring those who have served our Nation should be a top priority for all Americans, and the VFW is an essen-tial organization that fosters camara-derie among American veterans and ad-vocates on their behalf. Congratulations to Post 5499. I look forward to honoring this important milestone with members of the post this weekend. BORDER WALL (Mr. CA´RDENAS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CA´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to oppose the inclusion of $1.6 bil-lion that would be a waste of taxpayer money on this useless wall. The funds will go towards an unnecessary wall along the Southern border. This wall that the President promised voters that Mexico would pay for is now being put on the taxpayers’ backs. $1.6 billion can be used for better things. It can pay for thousands of jobs in the U.S. and workforce development programs and apprenticeships. And one other thing: agents pro-tecting our border don’t even want it. They do not see themselves as defend-ers of a wall. Mr. President, please come back to reality. This is not ‘‘Game of Thrones.’’ This administration needs to stop de-monizing people outside of our borders. We need to fix our immigration sys-tem, and we can do it in a humane and pragmatic and effective way, and in a way that will supercharge our economy and actually create American jobs. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. POE of Texas). Members are reminded to ad-dress their remarks to the Chair and not to the President. 
f 
b1230 IN RECOGNITION OF BRIAN BERG (Mr. SCHRADER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Speaker, as the House co-chair of the bipartisan Paper and Packaging Caucus, I rise today to recognize an individual from my dis-trict who has dedicated his entire pro-fessional life to an industry that is the lifeblood of a rural community in my State, Toledo, Oregon. I am talking about Brian Berg, who, after 41 years with Georgia-Pacific, will be retiring Friday. For 50 years, GP has been an integral part of Lincoln County and a commu-nity partner, providing paper and pack-aging products that are used around the world. For over 41 years, Brian has been a leader at GP in helping ensure that the mill continues to thrive and be success-ful and provide for this community now and into the future. I want to thank Brian for his dedica-tion, his service, and his commitment to an industry that has been critical to my district and many of my constitu-ents. I wish you all the best and hope you get to enjoy some time with your lovely wife, Janet, and kids, Savannah, Ashley, and Riley. PRESIDENT TRUMP WILL DENY TRANSGENDER PEOPLE THE RIGHT TO SERVE IN THE MILI-TARY (Mr. BLUMENAUER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, today, Donald Trump announced via Twitter, how else, that he is going to reverse the Obama-era decision and deny transgender people the right to openly serve in our military. I think it is shameful to divide Amer-icans, in the face of their service and sacrifice, for his political gain. This is not about national security, it is not about saving money, and it is not about fabricated claims of disrup-tion. What is disruptive is discrimina-tion against an entire class of Ameri-cans who are or who want to protect and defend America. That is the same argument that was used against women in the service, against gays and les-bians. We ought to welcome any American who is qualified and willing to serve to protect our great country, to protect America and our values, even as the President undermines both. f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3219, DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 473 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 473 Resolved, That at any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3219) making appropriations for the Department of De-fense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes. The first read-ing of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be con-fined to the bill and shall not exceed two hours equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. An amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115-30 shall be considered as adopted in the House and in the Committee of the Whole. The bill, as amended, shall be consid-ered as the original bill for the purpose of further amendment under the five-minute rule and shall be considered as read. Points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, for failure to comply with clause 2 of rule XXI are waived. S
EC. 2. (a) No further amendment to the bill shall be in order except those printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accom-panying this resolution, amendments en bloc described in section 3 of this resolution, and pro forma amendments described in section 4 of this resolution. (b) Each further amendment printed in the report of the Committee on Rules shall be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:39 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.023 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6314 July 26, 2017 
considered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member des-ignated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time speci-fied in the report equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an opponent, may be withdrawn by the proponent at any time before action thereon, shall not be sub-ject to amendment except as provided by section 4 of this resolution, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the ques-tion in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. (c) All points of order against further amendments printed in the report of the Committee on Rules or against amendments en bloc described in section 3 of this resolu-tion are waived. S
EC. 3. It shall be in order at any time for the chair of the Committee on Appropria-tions or his designee to offer amendments en bloc consisting of further amendments print-ed in the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution not earlier dis-posed of. Amendments en bloc offered pursu-ant to this section shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for 20 minutes equal-ly divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations or their respective des-ignees, shall not be subject to amendment except as provided by section 4 of this resolu-tion, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. S
EC. 4. During consideration of the bill for amendment, the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations or their respective designees may offer up to 20 pro forma amendments each at any point for the purpose of debate. S
EC. 5. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment pursuant to this resolution, the Committee of the Whole shall rise without motion. No further consider-ation of the bill shall be in order except pur-suant to a subsequent order of the House. S
EC. 6. (a) During consideration of H.R. 3219, it shall not be in order to consider an amendment proposing both a decrease in an appropriation designated pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 and an increase in an appropriation not so des-ignated, or vice versa. (b) This paragraph shall not apply to an amendment between the Houses. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, for the pur-pose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), my good friend, pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolu-tion, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, the Rules Committee met and reported a rule for consideration of H.R. 3219, the Make America Secure Appropria-tions Act, 2018. The rule provides for 2 hours of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking member of the Appropriations Com-mittee. Mr. Speaker, the appropriations package in front of us represents the end product of many months of work by the Appropriations Committee. In this package, we will be considering four appropriations bills: Defense, En-ergy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Military Construction and Vet-erans Affairs. Together, the four parts of the bill make up the Make America Secure Appropriations Act for fiscal year 2018. The legislation ensures that our most important government services will be funded responsibly and appropriately and that we will fulfill our most impor-tant responsibilities as legislators: funding the government and keeping it open to serve our constituents. The bill provides a total of $658.1 bil-lion for defense, an increase of $68.1 bil-lion in discretionary funding above the fiscal year 2017 levels, and an increase of $28.3 billion over the President’s re-quest. It also includes $73.9 billion in Overseas Contingency Operations and Global War on Terrorism funding. These funds will help us enhance our military readiness, and the substantial increase marks an end to the ongoing erosion of our national military strength that occurred during the Obama administration. Importantly, this bill also provides an increase in funding for veterans. Over the past several years, the House has worked to improve the Department of Veterans Affairs and to ensure that all veterans receive the care and bene-fits to which they are entitled. The Department of Veterans Affairs will receive a 5 percent increase in this bill, including $74 billion for the Vet-erans Health Administration. The increased funding represents an important step toward fulfilling our promise to improve care, reduce wait times at the VA, and enhance benefits for our Nation’s veterans. The Energy and Water portion of this appropriations bill provides $37.6 bil-lion in funding for fiscal year 2018, a decrease of $209 million from fiscal year 2017. The bill includes an increase in fund-ing for the National Nuclear Security Administration that includes funds to restart the licensing process for Yucca Mountain, the national disposal reposi-tory for spent nuclear fuel. It also pro-vides $6.16 billion for the Army Corps of Engineers, a $10 million increase over fiscal year 2017. H.R. 3219 also provides $3.58 billion for the Legislative Branch. It does not recommend funding levels for the Sen-ate, as per our longstanding tradition. The bill includes a significant in-crease in funding for U.S. Capitol Po-lice and adds additional funds for se-curing offices in Washington and in congressional districts. Importantly, it continues the freeze on Member pay. The package before us represents the House fulfilling its primary responsi-bility: to fund the government. This package funds hundreds, if not thou-sands, of Member priorities, particu-larly on the defense side. I applaud my colleagues on the Ap-propriations Committee for their months of working and making this bill a reality. It shows what the House can do as we move forward toward completion of the fiscal year appro-priations process. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of the rule and the underlying legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Okla-homa (Mr. C
OLE) for yielding me the customary 30 minutes, and I yield my-self such time as I may consume. (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, it is hard to know where to begin, because this process is so lousy, but I want to rise today in opposition to this rule and the so-called underlying bill, H.R. 3219, the GOP fiscal year 2018 so-called security minibus appropriations bill. This rule makes in order 72 amend-ments for debate on the House floor, blocking 100 amendments. It continues the terrible closed process that this Re-publican majority has used since they took control of the House in 2011. When Speaker R
YAN took the gavel, he promised a fair and open process with regular order where both the ma-jority and the minority would have the opportunity to have their voices heard, and I am happy to provide the full text of that speech to my Republican friends. I guess we were misinformed, because our collective voices are repeatedly si-lenced in this Chamber, not just Demo-crats, but Republicans as well. Speaker R
YAN’s broken promise was clearly on display last week when he waited until the dead of night to strip out of the Defense Appropriations bill a provision requiring Congress to debate the issue of the 2001 AUMF. That provi-sion was adopted by the full House Ap-propriations Committee on a bipar-tisan basis as an amendment offered by our respected colleague, Representa-tive B
ARBARA LEE. The bipartisan Lee amendment would sunset the outdated 2001 AUMF and give Congress 8 months to enact a new one, ensuring that Con-gress finally debate and vote on the many wars in which the United States is engaged. If the Republican leadership doesn’t like the lead provision, then the Rules Committee could have made in order an amendment to strike it from the bill. That would have given Members the chance to vote up or down either to keep or remove the provision. That would have been regular order, that would have been fair, that would have been open, but, instead, House Repub-lican leadership took it upon them-selves to replace Ms. L
EE’s provision with alternative language calling upon the administration to produce a report. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:39 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.003 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6315 July 26, 2017 
Republicans on the Rules Committee defended this action, saying that the Lee amendment legislated on an appro-priations bill. The trouble with that logic, Mr. Speaker, is that the lan-guage that replaced Ms. L
EE’s amend-ment also legislates on an appropria-tions bill. That is right. House Repub-licans put in an amendment that vio-lates the same rule. If this leadership is going to silence Members on flimsy procedural grounds, they probably shouldn’t break those same rules on the same day. Even more shameful, the Republican leadership’s continued actions to block every effort and refuse to allow Con-gress to debate and vote on these wars, I believe, is an insult to the men and women in uniform, who put their lives on the line every day to protect our country, and to their families. Americans deserve better, and the bi-partisan voices calling for action will not be silenced, but this is just one ex-ample of regular order being abandoned in order to advance an extreme agenda. Tomorrow, House Republicans will use another legislative trick, the self- executing rule, to stick taxpayers with a $1.6 billion bill for President Trump’s reckless and ineffective border wall with Mexico. Now, instead of bringing that meas-ure to the floor for an up-or-down vote in an open process where all voices could be heard, the Republican leader-ship is sticking this provision into the rule so that as soon as the rule is ap-proved, the measure will automatically become part of the bill. President Trump, as you may recall, promised the American people that he would make Mexico pay for this wall. He repeated it over and over and over again during the campaign. But now, House Republicans want to take $1.6 billion of hard-earned tax dollars from millions of Americans to fund it. b1245 Let me point out, Mr. Speaker, this $1.6 billion is only targeted at 74 miles of the border: two small tracts in Texas and one small tract in California. And how did this provision on the border wall make its way into this minibus of appropriations bills? It was literally lifted out of the Homeland Se-curity appropriations bill and its few sentences air-dropped into this pack-age. Where is the rest of the Homeland Security bill, Mr. Speaker? Sitting in limbo, that is where it is. I guess there weren’t any other na-tional security priorities in the Home-land Security Appropriations bill that merited the very special treatment that the 74 miles of this lousy wall seem to be getting. I see that the only priority that matters for my Repub-lican friends when it comes to the secu-rity of our Nation is 74 miles of wall costing $1.6 billion. Mr. Speaker, this is a disgrace. This is just a disgrace. And then, because it will be part of a self-executing rule, Republicans won’t even have to vote on this Republican priority. They will just vote on the rule and, bingo, it is all taken care of. There will be no separate vote on this. You get the funding for the wall, but nothing on record that says you voted to waste $1.6 billion on 74 miles of bor-der wall. Republicans can go home and say they delivered on the wall. I guess they better hope that their constitu-ents don’t ask them to show them the vote. But as I said, Mr. Speaker, this is a disgrace on funding. It is a disgrace on funding priorities, and it is a real dis-grace on process. I mean, we should be ashamed of the process in which this bill is being brought to the floor. I wish I could say that I am surprised by all of this, but the fact is that House Republicans have been doing this kind of thing for quite some time now. This week, you may have read about this: Kellyanne Conway claimed that even if President Trump says something that isn’t true, it is not a lie if he believes it. Well, you can’t make this stuff up. Well, I take that back. I guess you can make everything up. It seems clear that this warped logic has infected this Chamber, with the House Republican leadership employ-ing this same kind of thinking and un-derhanded methods on a regular basis. They defend a process that is indefen-sible, plain and simple. This is a rigged process. Let’s be hon-est. This is a rigged process. Is this really how we want Congress and this House to conduct the business of the American people? Is this how we will conduct the appropriations process not only now, but in the future: no de-bate for individual appropriations bills and severely limiting amendments overall? no regular order and a subver-sion the committee process? Soon, maybe there will be no amend-ments on appropriations bills at all. This is a slippery slope, and I urge my Republican colleagues to carefully con-sider the dangerous road that we are going down. Americans deserve better from their leaders in Congress, especially when it comes to deciding how the American people’s hard-earned tax dollars will be spent. Republicans talk about fiscal re-sponsibility, but what I see here today is another reckless and bloated budget proposal that empties the Treasury vaults for wasteful military spending when we have so many critical prior-ities here at home that are in desperate need of funding. Now, apparently, House Republicans have no problem with spending $1.6 bil-lion on President Trump’s border wall with Mexico, but when it comes to in-vesting in our own communities here at home, they can’t be bothered. How about investing in our kids’ schools? Why aren’t we doing more to ensure that our young people have the resources and the support they need to get additional education? Make college more affordable, for example. Wouldn’t that be a radical idea? Republicans love to talk about per-sonal responsibility and the need for Americans to work. Why aren’t we in-vesting $1.6 billion more in job training programs and finding ways to increase wages? We should be making sure that more families have access to good jobs and that no one in America who works full- time has to raise their family in pov-erty. President Trump had what feels like countless infrastructure weeks, but we have yet to see Republicans propose any legislation to make good on their promise to finally invest in America’s infrastructure and finally fix our Na-tion’s crumbling roads and bridges. Instead of making any of these poli-cies the top priorities that they should be in this Congress, Republicans are just offering more of the same: empty rhetoric and broken promises. Now, to be clear, the legislation that we will consider today, H.R. 3219, does fund some important priorities. Our national security must be our number one priority with policies that are both strong and smart. I strongly support our men and women in uniform and be-lieve that Congress should provide our troops everything that they need. Yet Republicans have deliberately created a security bill that raises serious con-cerns. Let’s recap for a second, Mr. Speaker. The final version of this bill will in-clude $1.6 billion for the President’s useless and immoral border wall. It strips out the bipartisan Lee amend-ment that would have ensured Con-gress finally grapples with the wars that we are sending our troops to fight instead of continuing to write the White House a series of blank checks. And to top it all off, Mr. Speaker, the four bills contained in H.R. 3219 blow through the Budget Control Act cap on defense spending by $72 billion, threat-ening a 13 percent sequester cut to all defense accounts. While obliterating the defense spend-ing cap, House Republicans have pro-posed reducing nondefense spending to $5 billion below its cap. It is legislative malpractice that Republicans have ig-nored this reality and have done noth-ing to work with Democrats to write a new bipartisan budget agreement to raise the Budget Control Act caps for both defense and nondefense spending. Republicans are setting us up for a train wreck, a government shutdown, or worse. This is not good, Mr. Speaker. This should concern every single Member of this Chamber, both Democrat and Re-publican. And so I urge my colleagues to reject this rule and finally take a stand against this process, which is rigged and closed and restrictive, and to oppose the underlying bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume before I go to my first speaker in order to re-spond to some of my friend’s points. I want to begin by talking about the amendment process just very quickly. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:39 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.028 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6316 July 26, 2017 
It is worth noting 72 amendments are made in order here; 47 of those were ac-tually Democratic amendments. Many of the amendments that my friend re-ferred to that had been submitted to the Rules Committee, at least a third of them, were knocked out because they were simply out of order. But my friend is correct: it is not an open rule. I do remind him that the first people to eliminate open rules on appropriations bills were not Repub-licans. It was actually the Democratic majority in 2009 that ended the prac-tice and, for 2 years, allowed almost no amendments on any appropriations bills, and most appropriations bills never came to the floor. So I think my friends bear a considerable amount of responsibility for where we find our-selves today. I do want to talk a little bit, too, briefly, about my friend’s comments about the AUMF, because he has been a good friend and a close ally in an area that we have a similar concern. I agree with my friend. We need to debate this, and we need to have an AUMF that is more in tune with the times and, frankly, reintroduces con-gressional power and congressional oversight. I have worked with my friend in the past on that. I am going to continue to work with him on it going forward. But in the case of the Lee amend-ment, which, in full disclosure, I sup-ported in the Appropriations Com-mittee, the chairman of the committee of jurisdiction, which is not the Appro-priations Committee, made it known that he would lodge a point of order; so, in other words, that would never get to the floor. In place, we have put something that, frankly, will at least require the ad-ministration, on the passage of this bill or the Defense Authorization Act, in which it is also found, to submit a re-port that justifies where the adminis-tration is legally, lays out their strat-egy, lays out their costs, and gives us a chance to begin a debate. As a sign of good faith, I am happy to report that the Foreign Relations Com-mittee, which actually does have juris-diction here, actually had their first hearing on a new AUMF earlier this week. So I think we are trying to get to the same place. My friend may have a different way to get there, but I agree with him, we need to reexamine, re-debate, and, I think, reenact a new AUMF. I think we are trying to get there in a step-by-step, logical progres-sion. Finally, while my friend is concerned about where we will end up in this process and, I think, legitimately so, I also want to point out we have actu-ally managed to come together here the last couple of years and, I suspect, will again. In fiscal year 2016, we had the same series of events, and yet Congress came to an agreement on full funding that was bipartisan and passed by substan-tial numbers of both parties partici-pating, a majority in each party. The same thing was true in fiscal year 2017. My hope is that it will be true again in fiscal year 2018. But this is an important part of the process. We need to go through this. At the end of the day, and I tell this to my friends on the right and the left, we will end up with a bicameral, bipar-tisan appropriations bill. There is sim-ply no other way to fund the Govern-ment of the United States, and we pledge to work toward that. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ), my good friend, a member of the Rules Committee, but also a distinguished member of the House Armed Services Committee. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this rule and the un-derlying bill. The Make America Se-cure Appropriations Act is all about protecting the American people and se-curing our homeland. Unfortunately, years of underfunding have severely hurt our military. With this bill, we can make real progress to-wards rebuilding the military and add-ing more troops, sailors, airmen, and marines to the force. Building on our pledge to boost the Navy to a 355-ship fleet, the bill funds 11 new ships. Included in this are three littoral combat ships, of which the Independence class vessel is built by a fantastic workforce in southwest Ala-bama. Having state-of-the-art facilities and resources is vital to the success of our military. To help repair dilapidated and aging military infrastructure, the bill provides a 25 percent increase in military construction funding. Supporting our servicemembers and their families is also a high priority of this bill, as it provides for the largest military pay raise in 8 years. That is not all it does. It also pro-vides for our Nation’s veterans, the very people who devoted their lives to protecting our country and the values we hold so dear. This bill provides the highest level of funding for the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs in our Na-tion’s history. This will help cut down on the claims backlog and move for-ward with a new electronic medical health records system. I am also pleased that this bill will allow us to begin increasing our Na-tion’s border security in an effort to keep bad actors out of our country. The American people sent a strong message last November that they wanted a wall securing our southern border. This bill will begin this process by providing over $1.5 billion requested by President Trump for physical bar-rier construction along the southern border. Mr. Speaker, over this last weekend a lot of people in America went to see a movie called ‘‘Dunkirk’’ about the evacuation of over 300,000 British and French troops back over to England. Prime Minister Winston Churchill had only been in office a couple of weeks at that point in time, but he had pre-dicted for years before that in speeches before the House of Commons that that day was coming, and they took his speeches and they put them together in a book called, ‘‘While England Slept.’’ With this bill, we are sending a strong message to the world that America is not asleep. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Let me just remind my colleagues here that we are debating the rule, and this is about process. The gentleman from Oklahoma ear-lier talked about waivers and that the Lee AUMF language would be subject to a point of order. Well, the language that my Republican friends replaced the Lee amendment with is protected by a waiver of all points of order be-cause it was also legislating on an ap-propriations bill. As I pointed out last night in the Rules Committee, you made in order amendment No. 19 by Mr. G
RIFFITH , which violates section 306 of the Congressional Budget Act, and you provided a waiver for that. My Republican friends routinely grant waivers in bills that come before the Rules Committee. The problem is that the waivers are only granted for your amendments and never for our amendments, and that is just not fair and that is not right. So if your policy is going to be we are going to grant no waivers, then it ought to apply not just to Democrats; it ought to apply to Republicans, too. But there is this double standard here, and voices that you disagree with al-ways seem to end up being cut off. So, Mr. Speaker, I just point that out because this process and the reason why so many of us are angry about this process is it is so blatantly unfair. The gentleman from Alabama talked about how we all want to commit to upholding the national security of this Nation. I agree with him, but I would say we are not doing our jobs if this floor is not a place where we can have a free-flowing debate, where Members can offer different ideas and be able to have a vote on them. I would just say, with all due respect to my Republican colleagues, you do not have a monop-oly on all good ideas. b1300 You know, we have a couple of good ideas, too, and maybe some of your Members agree with that as well. The other thing we are going to ob-ject to is, again, the way my Repub-lican friends self-execute controversial measures like this border wall at $1.6 billion, basically denying an up-or- down vote. Maybe it is to protect your Members in swing districts; I have no idea. Maybe you don’t think you have the votes to do it. But if you don’t have the votes to do it, it ought not to be in this bill. That is just, to me, a sound way to approach legislating. All the normal rules seem to be thrown out the window here. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:39 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.030 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6317 July 26, 2017 
MCCOLLUM ), the distinguished ranking member of the Appropriations Sub-committee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker. I rise in strong opposition to the Make America Secure Appropriations Act, 2018. Mr. Speaker, we are in a constrained fiscal environment, and we need to make smart choices about the future of our country. I am disappointed to see that many of the choices that the Re-publican leaders have made in this bill are completely out of balance with the needs of the American people. Republicans have chosen to exclude eight of the appropriations bills from this legislation: funding for roads and bridges to drive on, quality healthcare for our family, protecting our clean air and our drinking water, and the edu-cation of future generations. These critical investments that all Ameri-cans depend upon are left by the way-side with no path forward. Republicans have chosen to put for-ward a bill that exceeds the defense caps by $72 billion. With no budget agreement in sight, this bill would trigger sequestration cuts that our military leaders have warned us would have catastrophic consequences for our men and women in uniform. Republicans have also once again de-clined to make commonsense cuts to defense spending by denying the Penta-gon’s request for a new BRAC round. Make no mistake: this will waste bil-lions of dollars over the next decade. At a time when countries like China are emphasizing research and invest-ments in clean energy, Republicans have chosen to eliminate funding for ARPA-E, doing great harm—great harm—to America’s global competi-tiveness in advanced research energy. Mr. Speaker, these choices are sim-ply unacceptable to my constituents and to the American people, and I urge my Republican colleagues to work with Democrats to put forward appropriate funding bills that will advance the ap-propriations bills for all of America and to make America the strong coun-try it should be. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, before I go to my next speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume to respond to my friends. First, to my good friend from Massa-chusetts, and he is very much my good friend, but when I was in the minority, I asked repeatedly, I used to come up to the Rules Committee, as a former member of the Rules Committee, and I always got the warmest, most gracious reception, but I don’t think I ever got an amendment approved. You can leg-islate on appropriations bills if the chairman of the authorizing committee consents to allow you to do it. I have a great deal of sympathy with my friend’s position on Ms. L
EE’s amendment. I actually supported that amendment in subcommittee, but I recognize that we are not the appro-priate committee, and if a different au-thorizing chairman wanted to do some-thing, he could. Finally, with all due respect to my friend, we are not the ones that began this process of eliminating open rules on appropriations. My friend’s party is. We actually tried to restore it. I regret that we did not succeed in that. This was not something I like doing, but, frankly, it has gotten around here where people are more interested in ‘‘got you’’ amendments than real amendments, and that is basically what has happened here. I hope we can revisit that someday and go back to the traditional way of doing this. Finally, to my good friend from Min-nesota, I want to make a pledge to her, and she knows it is sincere: we will work together. I don’t think this bill ultimately will be passed without bi-partisan cooperation, and I look at the 2015, 2016, and 2017 bills that all did end up as cooperative measures. Just to refresh my friend’s memory, it was back in April that we passed a $1 trillion-plus spending bill for fiscal year 2017 that was extremely bipar-tisan. A majority of my friends on the other side of the aisle voted for it, the majority of my friends voted for it, and the President of the United States signed it. This is a long and lengthy process to fund the government, and I suspect, at the end of it, we will come together. That is certainly what I am going to try to do as I work through the proc-ess. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. GIBBS), a member of the Transportation and In-frastructure Committee. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the rule for H.R. 3219. This bill provides funding for the Federal Government’s most critical function— national defense—with the Make Amer-ica Secure Appropriations Act, as we are making sure the men and women who protect and defend our country have the best equipment and training in the world, and that they get the pay raise they deserve. Additionally, I am pleased to see my provisions I have worked on were in-cluded in this legislation to protect Lake Erie by preventing the Army Corps of Engineers from using open lake placement as a method of disposal of dredged material unless a State water quality certification is provided. This is ensuring that Lake Erie re-mains on the path towards a healthier natural resource. The bill also gives the EPA Adminis-trator and the Secretary of the Army further authorization to withdraw the waters of the United States rule. Finally, this legislation provides the resources to better secure our border and protect our citizens and our na-tional security. We are making good on our promises to build the wall. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this rule and the underlying legislation. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ). Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman’s courtesy. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposi-tion to this rule. I had a real bipartisan amendment that had been in order re-peatedly in recent sessions, gaining bi-partisan support, to be able to deal with the crisis that our veterans face in terms of addiction, opioids. The VA, sadly, has a horrible record in terms of how they deal with these veterans. They suffer suicide 50 percent higher than the general public. The opioid addiction rate is twice the gen-eral population. Mr. Speaker, I have been working for years in the area of medical marijuana. Twenty-nine States have now legalized it. I wish my friends on the Rules Com-mittee had taken the time to listen to the stories of veterans and their fami-lies about what difference it made for people suffering from PTSD, chronic pain, and traumatic brain injury. Medical marijuana has helped change their lives, and it is not addictive and doesn’t kill them the way the abuse of opioids has. Yet the VA, in its infinite wisdom, doesn’t even allow VA doctors to talk to veterans about medical marijuana in the States where it is legal. Our amendment is simple. It would eliminate that prohibition. It wouldn’t dispense marijuana on public land. It allowed the VA doctor to work with the patients—the people who know them best. It passed last year with 40 votes on a bipartisan basis. There were 18 bipar-tisan cosponsors for the amendment, 9 and 9, Republican and Democrat. It has already passed the Senate by a 3-to-1 margin in committee. It was actually approved by the House last Congress, but in conference committee, it was stripped out, led by former Senator Kirk. I sincerely be-lieve that one of the reasons he is a former Senator is because Illinois vet-erans and their families were outraged about that action to reverse what Con-gress did. Now we are not even allowed to vote on it. I think that is incomprehensible. I don’t think it is fair to our veterans. My friends on the Rules Committee are on the wrong side of history. In Flor-ida, last November, 71 percent of the people voted for medical marijuana. Our veterans deserve the right to work with their VA physicians to do what is right for them and their fami-lies and, hopefully, avoid the epidemic of opioid overdoses, overprescriptions, and not being able to treat them with a methodology that is not highly ad-dictive and not dangerous. Mr. Speaker, there is no reason on God’s green earth that we shouldn’t have been allowed to at least vote on this bipartisan amendment to protect our veterans. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to respond very quickly to my good friend from Oregon. I just remind him this is a long and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:39 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.032 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6318 July 26, 2017 
winding road. It is a long process. As he said, the Senate may very well move in a different direction. I tend to focus here on veterans’ issues as issues that have largely brought us together. Quite frankly, this bill has a very substantial increase in spending at the VA, and that is something that I know, in committee, garnered wide bipartisan support. Let’s wait and see where we go. I just want to say I think there will be continuing discussion about this, but there is also a concern, always, on something like this that is controver-sial. We have seen our friends do this before. Sometimes you will put an amendment in but you won’t vote for the final bill. When you are trying to calculate whether you pass something, you can’t have amendments that cost you votes, that don’t get you votes. I am not sug-gesting that is my friend’s purpose. It is not at all. I know it is not. I know he is very sincere in this. I am saying that could easily be the effect. All I can tell you is we will continue to work through the bill. I suspect when we get there, at the end of the day, this will be a very bipartisan bill. It will pass with a very bipartisan ma-jority. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) so he may re-spond. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I would just say this was an opportunity to bring us together. It passed last Congress on the floor of the House with a 40-vote margin. There is more sup-port now, today, in the public and in the other body. This was an opportunity to avoid un-necessary controversy, to send a signal to our veterans, to change a destruc-tive policy from the Veterans Adminis-tration that is overwhelmingly sup-ported by the American public. If you would have allowed us to vote on the floor of the House, I will guarantee you we would have had even more votes this time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, when Speaker R
YAN took the gavel, he promised to have ‘‘a process that is more open, more inclu-sive, more deliberative, and more participatory.’’ My friends like to highlight a num-ber of amendments made in order today as if this is a good process. I would remind you, Mr. Speaker, that, rather than taking up one issue at a time, this is a rule for three appropria-tions bills. I say to my friends, you guys are worse than you used to be. There are 10 amendments allowed for the Legislative Branch. Last year you made in order 13. We have fewer amendments this year. For the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs bill, there are 16 amendments. Just a short time ago, in fiscal year 2016, we had a modified open rule. This rule is clearly much worse. We have the same situation with the Energy and Water bill. We have a structured rule this year, while we had a modified open rule just 2 years ago. The process in the House is getting worse. For the first time in history, we have a Speaker of the House who has never allowed a truly open rule. Now, we were not perfect, Mr. Speaker, but Speaker PELOSI allowed the Rules Committee to report open rules. Speaker Boehner allowed open rules. Every Speaker in modern history al-lowed some open rules, but we don’t even get modified open rules anymore. Mr. Speaker, we are seeing an alarm-ing rise in the number of self-executing rules, what Republicans used to call ‘‘deem and pass rules.’’ Now, let me ex-plain what that is. In his book, ‘‘Young Guns: A New Generation of Conservative Leaders,’’ our dear Speaker, Mr. R
YAN, described the self-execution process. This is on page 98, if you are following along. But he called this process, ‘‘legislative trickery to enact legislation that does not have majority backing.’’ Now, sometime today we are going to go back up to the Rules Committee to do a little legislative trickery to fund the President’s border wall. News flash: Mexico is not paying for the wall. The language that the Speak-er intends to deem passed without a vote uses good old-fashioned American greenbacks to pay for Trump’s wall. The American taxpayers are going to be stuck with this bill for this ridicu-lous wall. Mr. Speaker, this process is not good; it is not a better way; it is rotten; and the rule the majority will put on this floor tomorrow will be even worse. We are jamming through these important appropriation bills together, limiting debate, and moving further away from regular order. b1315 We don’t need this rule, and we don’t need a self-executing rule tomorrow. Now, if we defeat the previous question on this rule, I will offer an amendment to open up this process and consider the Department of Defense, Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Energy and Water Appropriation bills each under an open rule. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Mas-sachusetts? There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Let me just conclude with this, Mr. Speaker: Members have a chance to vote for an open amendment process on these appropriations bills. That is what this PQ vote is about. Republicans will not control this House forever, and I hope that no Member who votes against this open rule amendment today will have the audacity to criti-cize any future Democratic majorities. If they do, Mr. Speaker, I assure you, we will remind them of this vote. To discuss our proposal, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. LOFGREN ). Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, a lot of Members don’t know what a previous question motion is, and that is not really a surprise, because it is usually used to set up some issues, and it is a party-line vote. This is different. This is different because this would allow amendments to be offered to these appropriations bills. Now, the amendment process in appropriations is one of the few times that Members of Congress have an opportunity to offer an amendment. And it is not just Democrats. It is Republicans, too. I recall very well—I am a member, I am a co-chair of the Fourth Amend-ment Caucus. It is Congressman T
ED P
OEand myself. And what members of the Fourth Amendment Caucus did was we put together an amendment that actually reformed section 702 of the PATRIOT Act. What it said was you can’t query the database accumulated under section 702 without a warrant. It is pretty obvious the Fourth Amend-ment protects Americans. That passed by a huge bipartisan vote twice. We don’t get to offer that amendment this time because it is not an open rule. So I am just asking that we treat this previous question vote as very dif-ferent than the usual garden variety previous question vote, because this is different. This isn’t about idealogy. This isn’t about 30-second adds and all that nonsense that we both do. No. This is about having the opportunity— Republicans and Democrats, Members of Congress—to offer an amendment in important areas, especially the Fourth Amendment. So please vote ‘‘yes’’ on the previous question this time, and let’s have open rules. Let’s have democracy in Amer-ica. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to direct their re-marks to the Chair. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I just want to quickly respond to my friends and remind them that it wasn’t Republicans that got rid of open rules on appropriations. It was my friends. So you can’t set one standard for your-self, and then say: But you now have to go back to the way it was. We now have to be treated as a minority, in contrast to the way that we treated you. I am sorry, that is just difficult. We actually tried to do that for a couple of years, and we did come back to open rules. And I would still prefer that, to tell you the truth. I have lost this ar-gument in my own conference. But if my friends will recall, last year on, I believe, the Energy and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:39 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.033 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6319 July 26, 2017 
Water Appropriations bill, they slipped an amendment in. It was perfectly le-gitimate for them to do so. It was an open rule. They got that amendment adopted. They did not vote for the bill, even though the amendment was adopted. We lost a lot of votes, in con-sequence, because of the amendment. So there is always that calculus when you put these things together. There is a difference between an amendment that is a substantive amendment, and an amendment that is unrelated and a poison-pill amend-ment. Our side just decided they weren’t going to subject themselves to that any longer. I am not sure that I agree with that decision, but that is the reality of where we are. There is a second consideration here, too, in terms of limitation that I think is worth noting. We are moving under an expedited situation because we began this process late. I want to take responsibility for that on our side of the aisle. I think all of the appropriations bills could have and should have been fin-ished for FY17 in December of 2016. In-stead, we started to allow the new ad-ministration to have input. We pushed that off and did a 4-month continuing resolution. During that period, we did not negotiate back and forth. We fi-nally passed a bill in April. So we are moving with exceptional speed. I think it is pretty remarkable at this point that all 12 appropriations bills have been reported out of com-mittee, and are preparing to go here. Our leadership made, I think, a smart decision, in that here are four that all relate to a common theme of security for the country. Let’s get those done. That is sort of first things first. Let’s come back and deal with the other eight in September. It is my hope that that is what we will do, probably in packages again. But we are trying to move quickly. It is also finally worth noting that, again, this process, compared to the process my Democratic friends fol-lowed, is far more open. There are far more amendments now, even under a structured rule like this, than they al-lowed when they were in the majority on appropriations bills. We can go get the numbers and count, but we are at least trying to get back to getting the bills to the floor and having a pretty generous latitude for serious amendments. We will al-ways disagree over which ones are made in order. A lot of Republican amendments weren’t made in order ei-ther, but 72 amendments on an appro-priations bill is a lot of amendments. Hopefully, this process can get better as we go forward. I want to work with my friends in that regard, but I am still very proud of the product that we are presenting and very proud of the number of amendments that are being allowed. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude in the R
ECORD a letter signed by a number of civil rights groups, edu-cation groups, environmental groups, and women’s groups in opposition to this minibus. JULY25, 2017. Re Oppose H.R. 3219 Security Minibus—Vote No on Border wall. H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of our co-alition of almost 90 environmental, faith, immigration, and civil rights organizations, we are writing to strongly urge you to op-pose funding for the continued construction of a border wall along the U.S.-Mexico bor-der. The construction of a border wall serves as a symbol of hostility towards immigrants, and undermines the civil rights of commu-nities living along our southern border. It also imposes environmental costs and nat-ural disaster threats on border communities, especially indigenous communities, harms native wildlife and wastes tens of billions in taxpayer dollars. As the House moves to consider the Fiscal Year 2018 Security Minibus, H.R. 3219, we are profoundly concerned about the inclusion of $1.6 billion slated for border wall. In addition to spending billions of taxpayer dollars, add-ing funding for the border wall in this legis-lative package undermines a fair and trans-parent legislative process. Instead of allow-ing legislators and the public to fully con-sider the impacts of funding wall construc-tion, the Majority is using rushed and under-handed legislative maneuvers to circumvent the vast and legitimate opposition that ex-ists for this measure, even within their own party. Including border wall funding in a Security Minibus is based on the false premise that our borders are somehow violent and inse-cure. This false premise has been used to jus-tify and advance anti-immigrant, anti-bor-der, pro-criminalization, and anti-environ-ment legislation that has negative economic and civil rights impacts on border commu-nities. The fact is that communities along the border are some of the safest in the coun-try. According to the FBI’s Uniformed Crime Reports, cities on the border are safer than cities away from the border. Places like El Paso, Texas have long topped the lists of safest cities for their low crime and violence. Additionally, according to the American Im-migration Council, communities with more immigrants are likely to be safer than places with fewer immigrants. Border walls are an ineffective tool in curbing undocumented migration between the United States and nations south of the border. Rather than deter migration, the current 650–mile barrier along the U.S.-Mex-ico border has forced vulnerable migrant populations to pursue more dangerous routes of travel. The continued construction of a border wall portrays an attitude of hatred and animosity towards our neighboring na-tions. Additionally, construction of this wall would undermine indigenous border commu-nities, potentially destroying elements of their history, archeology, and culture. Bor-der security measures must consider the his-toric Tribal lands and families occupying the southern border. Finally, the current proposal in Fiscal Year 2018 Security Minibus calls for the con-struction of 60 miles of levee border wall in the South Texas Rio Grande Valley; 28 miles would be levee-border wall, with 2.9 miles slated to be built in the Santa Ana Wildlife Refuge. This Refuge is home to diverse wild-life species, ecotourism opportunities, and rich natural beauty. When levee border walls are constructed, they negatively impact wildlife migration, pose severe flooding risks, destroy natural habitats, and lead to potential increased extinction rates. In order to construct existing border-walls, dozens of laws protecting our environment, public health, and sacred natural lands were waived. Our nation’s natural habitats, vi-brant wildlife, and healthy ecosystems are an unacceptable sacrifice to make for inef-fective security measures. For all of the above reasons, we strongly urge you to vote NO on the Fiscal Year 2018 Security Minibus, and oppose funding for border walls, levees, or additional infrastruc-ture along the southern border of the United States. Thank you for your consideration. Sincerely, 
CIVIL RIGHTS  Mi Familia Vota, American-Arab Anti-Dis-crimination Committee, Southeast Asia Re-source Action Center (SEARAC), HONOR PAC, UnidosUS (formerly NCLR), American Civil Liberties Union, Asian Americans Ad-vancing Justice Atlanta, The City Project, National Council of Asian Pacific Americans (NCAPA), League of United Latin American Citizens, EPCF. 
COMMUNITY GROUPS  Southern Border Communities Coalition, Indivisible, SER Jobs for Progress National Inc., Junta for Progressive Action, National Black Justice Coalition. 
EDUCATION /HIGHER EDUCATION  National Education Association, Hispanic Association of Colleges and Universities (HACU). 
ENVIRONMENTAL /ENVIRONMENTAL JUSTICE  Earthjustice, Wildlands Network, Sierra Club, International League of Conservation Photographers, Students for a Just and Sta-ble Future, Earthworks, Friends of the Earth, Environmental Protection Informa-tion Center, Turtle Island Restoration Net-work, Center for Biological Diversity, Jesus People Against Pollution, Food Empower-ment Project. San Juan Citizens Alliance, Ocean Futures Society, SustainUS, Natural Resources De-fense Council, Southwest Environmental Center, Conservationist Wilderness Areas Committee, Defenders of Wildlife, Clean Water Action, West Berkeley Alliance for Clean Air and Safe Jobs, NextGen America, La Union Hace La Fuerza, Comite Civico del Valle. 
RELIGIOUS /FAITH ORGANIZATIONS  American Friends Service Committee, Frontera de Cristo, Friends Committee on National Legislation, NETWORK Lobby for Catholic Social Justice, Ajo Samaritans, Francscian Action Network, Franciscan Peace Center, American Friends Service Committee, Reformed Church of Highland Park, Cruzando Fronteras, Southern Arizona Interfaith, Southside Presbyterian Church, Church World Service. School Sisters of Notre Dame, Mennonite Central Committee U.S. Washington Office, Sisters of Mercy of the Americas—Institute Justice Team, National Justice for Our Neighbors, American Friends Service Com-mittee (AFSC), Maryknoll Office for Global Concerns, Leadership Conference of Women Religious, Columban Center for Advocacy and Outreach, Latino Commission on AIDS, Hispanic Health Network. 
HUMAN RIGHTS /WOMEN ’S RIGHTS  National Latina Institute for Reproductive Health, OneAmerica, Green Valley/Sahuarita Samaritans, Coalicion Derechos Humanos, National Immigrant Justice Center, No More Deaths, Architects, Designers, Planners For Social Responsibility (ADPSR), Lidia’ DelPiccolo—Morris, National Asian Pacific American Women’s Forum (NAPAWF), Tuc-son Samaritans, People Helping People in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.035 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6320 July 26, 2017 
the Border Zone, Friends of Broward Detain-ees. 
IMMIGRANT RIGHTS  Massachusetts Immigrant and Refugee Ad-vocacy Coalition, Detention Watch Network, Immigrant Legal Resource Center, End Streamline Coalition. 
LABOR /WORKERS RIGHTS  Asian Pacific American Labor Alliance, AFL–CIO (APALA), Jobs With Justice, Ar-kansas United Community Coalition. 
LATINO CIVIL /HUMAN RIGHTS /LATINO LABOR  Hispanic Federation, Labor Council for Latin American Advancement, Latinos for a Secure Retirement. 
LGBTQ RIGHTS  National Center for Transgender Equality, Equality California, Entre Hermanos. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude in the R
ECORD a letter signed by 18 environmental groups opposed to H.R. 3219. 
JULY26, 2017. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of our millions of members, the undersigned orga-nizations urge you to oppose H.R. 3219, the so-called Make American Secure Appropria-tions Act, 2018, which includes the Defense, Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, Legislative Branch, and Energy and Water funding bills. This package includes provi-sions that are harmful to water and ocean resources, cuts funding for clean energy in-novation, undermines safe nuclear waste storage, and attacks border communities. Furthermore, this bill continues the House Leadership’s pattern of adding harmful pol-icy riders into spending bills in an attempt to avoid regular order. Lastly, the inclusion of $1.6 billion for the continued construction of a failed, divisive, and anti-environmental wall along the southern border of the United States would be the latest example of insert-ing harmful, controversial and even radical policy proposals onto spending bills, which undermines the legislative process and the already complex budget process. This bill re-flects a set of values that is not shared by the American people—one of clean air and clean water, one of equity and prosperity, one of safety and security. 
BORDER WALL PROVISIONS  The border wall is a powerful symbol of ha-tred toward immigrants and undermines the civil rights of communities along our south-ern border, and it would increase the envi-ronmental and natural disaster risks to bor-der communities, harm wildlife, and waste billions of taxpayer dollars on an ineffective border security tool. The current proposal would lead to the construction of 60 miles of new border wall to be built in the Rio Grande Valley of Texas, including levee-border walls and 2.9 miles built within the Santa Ana Na-tional Wildlife Refuge. This refuge is home to diverse wildlife species, ecotourism oppor-tunities, and rich natural beauty. When levee-border walls are constructed, they neg-atively impact wildlife migration, pose se-vere flooding risks, destroy natural habitats, and can increase the risk of wildlife extinctions occurring. In order to construct existing border walls, dozens of laws pro-tecting our environment, public health, and sacred natural lands were waived. Our na-tion’s natural habitats, vibrant wildlife, and healthy ecosystems are an unacceptable sac-rifice to make for ineffective security meas-ures. 
WATER PROVISIONS  The Energy and Water Appropriations divi-sion includes damaging policy riders and re-port language in contravention of regular order. Specifically, Sec. 108(a) aims to allow the Trump administration to disregard countless laws as it carries out a scheme to undermine clean water safeguards. The pro-vision would authorize EPA and the Army Corps to repeal the Clean Water Rule with-out following basic and longstanding proc-esses aimed at giving people a voice in their government’s actions. For instance, a repeal could ignore Clean Water Act and Adminis-trative Procedure Act requirements to mean-ingfully consider public comment. It could also interfere with the courts’ ability to re-view if the withdrawal is ‘‘arbitrary or capri-cious.’’ This fact reveals the real motivation for the rider—its proponents want to shield the Trump administration’s repeal of care-fully-developed clean water protections from public scrutiny and from independent judi-cial review. Without the Clean Water Rule, the streams that help supply public drinking water systems serving one in three Ameri-cans will remain at risk. Additionally, Sec. 107 would exempt cer-tain discharges of dredged or fill material from Army Corps’ permitting under the Clean Water Act. The Act already exempts these kinds of activities from such permits, but requires permitting when the impacts to waterways would be more harmful. This rider would have the effect of nullifying Congress’s direction to subject those non-exempt discharges to pollution control offi-cials’ review. Another rider would undermine the restoration of the San Joaquin River, the second longest river in California. Sec. 203 would prohibit spending any funds to imple-ment the legal settlement between the United States, fishing and conservation groups, and Friant water users regarding the restoration of the river. The settlement ended 20 years of litigation and continues to be supported by water users, conservation and fishing groups, and state and federal governments. Finally, the bill also includes a provision to halt implementation of the National Ocean Policy (Sec. 505), an important plan-ning tool to coordinate the work of dozens of federal and state agencies with overlapping and sometimes conflicting responsibilities for addressing ocean development. These rid-ers, and any further damaging policy provi-sions that will be offered, undercut the pub-lic process for determining how to imple-ment the laws that Congress has passed. They are bad policies that will put Ameri-can’s health and safety at risk and they have no place on a funding bill. ENERGY PROVISIONS  The bill also dramatically cuts federal clean energy spending, which has consist-ently proven its worth by directing RD&D funds that drive job creation, economic growth and reduce health and environmental costs. The committee bill cuts funding for the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renew-able Energy by $1 billion (48% reduction) hurting important programs that support the development and deployment of wind en-ergy, solar energy, advanced manufacturing, sustainable transportation technologies, and building technologies. Recklessly, the bill eliminates funding for the Advanced Re-search Projects Agency—Energy (ARPA–E) and the Title 17 loan guarantee program. Defunding ARPA–E cripples our ability to commercialize new technologies that will serve to meet our future clean energy needs. Furthermore, the Title 17 loan guarantee program has a strong track record of low-ering the risks on deploying projects that can make cleaner and cheaper energy a re-ality. The bill also includes $120 million in a con-tinued attempt to push the unworkable, long ago rejected proposal to dispose of nuclear waste in Yucca Mountain, Nevada. It also in-cludes a rider in Sec. 507 that prevents funds being used to close the facility. Decades from now others will face the precise predic-ament we find ourselves in today if Congress tries to ram through unworkable nuclear waste solutions contentiously opposed by States, lacking a sound legal structure of science-based foundation, and devoid of pub-lic understanding and consent. The current efforts to quickly open Yucca Mountain and an interim storage facility simply will not work. This bill also rejects the sensible plan to cancel the risky and enormously costly mixed oxide (MOX) program, intended to dis-pose of excess plutonium from the U.S. nu-clear weapons program by turning it into nu-clear reactor fuel. Instead this bill mandates that the Department of Energy waste an ad-ditional $340 million on construction of the MOX fuel fabrication plant. Congress should reject the MOX program and support an im-proved approach for disposing of excess plu-tonium. We strongly oppose this minibus package, which would put our energy future at risk and would harm border communities, and it includes poison pill riders that will harm our nation’s public health, air, water, lands, and wildlife. We also urge opposition to any amendments that would harm health and the environment. Sincerely, Alaska Wilderness League, Clean Water Action, Defenders of Wildlife, Earthjustice, Environment America, Environmental Pro-tection Information Center, Klamath Forest Alliance, League of Conservation Voters, Natural Resources Defense Council, NextGen, Public Citizen, Restore America’s Estuaries, San Juan Citizens Alliance, Save EPA, Sierra Club, Western Environmental Law Center, Western Watersheds Project, Wildlands Network. Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude in the R
ECORD a letter from the Coalition on Human Needs against this minibus. 
COALITION ON HUMAN NEEDS , Washington, DC, July 25, 2017. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the Coalition on Human Needs, I strongly urge you to vote against the package of military- related appropriations bills expected to come to the House floor this week. These appro-priations bills—including those for Defense, Military Construction and Veterans’ Affairs, Legislative Branch, and Energy and Water— should not be taken up until there is a bipar-tisan agreement to lift the sequestration caps called for in the Budget Control Act in a way that provides for increased funding for domestic and international (non-defense dis-cretionary, or NDD) appropriations, not just for the military. As you know, defense appropriations ex-ceed the Budget Control Act cap for FY 2018 by $72 billion. Without legislation to raise the caps, sequestration will eliminate that increase through across-the-board cuts to military programs. Legislation to lift the caps requires bipartisan support, and we ex-pect that support will not be forthcoming without an agreement to raise the caps for non-defense discretionary spending as well. The Coalition on Human Needs, which is made up of organizations representing mil-lions of human service providers, faith orga-nizations, policy experts, civil rights, labor, and other advocates concerned with meeting the needs of low-income and vulnerable peo-ple, strongly believes that our national secu-rity depends on a balanced approach that in-vests in our domestic needs. Our people gain economic security from access to education and training, affordable housing, a reliable and modern infrastructure, and child care 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.005 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6321 July 26, 2017 
and other work supports. We need public health protections from epidemics and envi-ronmental protections to ensure clean air and water and to protect against climate dis-asters. Stopping the erosion in domestic human needs programs is necessary for our security and our future. NDD programs apart from Veterans Affairs will be cut by $22 bil-lion in FY 2018, 5 percent below the previous year and 17 percent below the level in FY 2010, taking inflation into account. This harsh cut abandons previous congressional commitments to provide defense and non-de-fense programs with equal relief from se-questration. We urge you to vote against this package of defense-related bills because they should not be considered without a comprehensive agreement to lift the caps for all the programs that contribute to our secu-rity. We also ask you to vote against this pack-age of appropriations bills because it in-cludes wasteful funding for the border wall that will not increase our security, and to oppose extraneous and irresponsible policy riders such as those restricting opportunities for young people in the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program to enter the military or weakening the Congressional Budget Office. Please vote no on this package of appro-priations bills, and instead make it a top pri-ority to achieve a bipartisan agreement to lift sequestration caps for non-defense pro-grams, not solely for the military. Sincerely yours, D
EBORAH WEINSTEIN , Executive Director. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude in the R
ECORD a letter to my col-leagues from AFSCME opposed to this bill. 
AFSCME, Washington, DC, July 24, 2017. H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the 1.6 million members of the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees (AFSCME), I urge you to oppose the ‘‘Mini-bus’’ appropriations bill which packages to-gether the Defense, Military Construction and Veterans’ Affairs, Legislative Branch, and Energy and Water funding bills. Congress should not craft funding bills that unilaterally violate the Budget Control Act (BCA) and the parity principle. In this case, defense is increased far above the cap while non-defense discretionary (NDD) spending is severely underfunded. In fact, passing this bill will not promote American security; rather it charts a direct course for deep cuts to the military. The defense fund-ing levels would trigger sequestration in January of 2018, requiring cuts of $72 billion. Further, dramatically increasing only de-fense funding endangers investments in es-sential public services. This is evidenced by House Appropriations bills’ deep cuts of $5 billion below the current non-defense caps and deep cuts that harm labor, health, human services, education, housing, trans-portation and other important programs. In-stead of reaching a bipartisan agreement as called for by many members of Congress, this bill makes it harder to address urgent needs in other non-defense programs. A budget deal remains the most likely path toward enactment of appropriation bills that responsibly meet the nation’s national security commitments and domestic needs. AFSCME urges Congress to focus attention on a budget solution that provides commen-surate increases for both defense and non-de-fense funding. This is the best way to avoid a fall budget showdown that would leave de-fense and all government programs, includ-ing state and local governments, in the lurch with considerable budget uncertainty and the threat of deep and damaging cuts. We also oppose this minibus package, be-cause it includes poison pill riders. This bill creates a new level of egregious riders by air- dropping in controversial funding for a bor-der wall that is unrelated to any of the four bills. It’s time to address the most basic of con-gressional responsibilities, which means passing clean funding bills in a timely man-ner under regular order. Sincerely, SCOTT FREY, Director of Federal Government Affairs. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, fi-nally, I include in the R
ECORD a letter sent to my colleagues in opposition to this bill from American Federation of Teachers. 
AMERICAN FEDERATION OF TEACHERS , Washington, DC, July 26, 2017. H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the 1.6 million members of the American Federation of Teachers, I write to express our strong op-position to the Make America Secure Appro-priations Act, 2018 (H.R. 3219), the fiscal year 2018 appropriations ‘‘minibus’’ bill that bun-dles together the appropriations bills for de-fense, energy and water development, mili-tary construction, Veterans Affairs and the legislative branch. We oppose this bill be-cause it moves in the wrong direction by failing to lift the sequester caps in a manner that maintains parity between defense and nondefense discretionary funding, and by in-cluding ideological poison pill riders. Our national security is critical, but it re-quires investments that help working fami-lies seize the opportunities they need and de-serve, and appropriations bills must invest in critical public services that enable these op-portunities. Sequester caps have unduly re-stricted these kinds of foundational invest-ments; without removing arbitrary caps, crucial investments will suffer. Yet instead of working toward a bipartisan deal to lift these punitive funding caps in a way that treats nondefense discretionary funding eq-uitably, the speaker is moving forward with a minibus package that promotes a strategy to drastically cut nondefense programs as a means to increase defense funding. This must not be an either-or choice: National se-curity requires strength at home and oppor-tunities for our next generation, not the elimination of the funding they need to cre-ate those opportunities. In addition, the well-being of the nation is further undermined in this bill by the inclu-sion of ideological poison pill policy riders. We particularly object to the inclusion of funding for an ill-conceived and mean-spir-ited border wall that is unrelated to any of the four appropriations bills included in the minibus. As the defense portion of this bill violates the Budget Control Act, the increases in funding proposed by this bill are imaginary. The cuts this bill proposes are not. I urge you to reject this bill and work to raise the sequester caps, to allow balanced funding bills—ones that adequately invest in the health, safety and education of our na-tion, and do not include ideological poison pill policy riders—to move forward. Until this has been accomplished, we urge you to oppose this bill. Sincerely, R
ANDI WEINGARTEN , President. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, let me just say to my good friend from Okla-homa: The Republicans presided over the most closed Congress in history in the last session. In history. And this year you are on your way to beating that record. The gentleman talks about excep-tional speed in which we are moving these appropriations bills to the floor. I am not so much impressed with ex-ceptional speed when it comes to the spending of billions of taxpayer dollars. I want to make sure we get it right. That is why we are asking for an open process. The gentleman talked about poison pills. Let me go back to the Barbara Lee AUMF amendment. I hardly con-sider that a poison pill when it was unanimously approved in the Appro-priations Committee, and the gen-tleman even voted for it. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. SHER-
MAN). Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, vote against the rule, vote against the bill. But the bill does contain one provision that I want to applaud the committee for including, and that is section 8907, which states: ‘‘None of the funds made available by this act may be used in contravention of the War Powers Act.’’ I first proposed this language in 2011. It failed at first, but now it has been included in every Defense Appropria-tions bill since FY12. It is necessary to enforce the War Powers Act because every Attorney General since the 1970s has advised Presidents that the War Powers Act isn’t binding on the Presi-dent, and that the President can send unlimited numbers of troops anywhere in the world to fight any battle with-out a declaration of war. That is why we need this language, because Attorney General Mukasey, a Republican Attorney General, testified before the Foreign Affairs Committee yesterday that by including this lan-guage in the appropriations bill, Con-gress enforces the War Powers Act and its proper role in international affairs. I thank the committee for including this language. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I certainly would never expect my friend to vote for the rule. I mean, I don’t think I have ever voted for a Democratic rule. I know very few Democrats have ever voted for our rules. I don’t think I know any. So that is kind of a normal part of the Cham-ber. I want to commend the gentleman for getting that language into the bill. Again, I respect the gentleman’s right to not vote for the bill. It is a big bill. There are lots of different things in it. But I think he makes an important point, indirectly, that there are lots of overlapping things where we do agree inside this bill. My friends are cer-tainly free to vote ‘‘no,’’ and I suspect many will. There are many occasions in a bill like this, particularly related to de-fense and particularly related to vet-erans, where the component parts actu-ally have enormous bipartisan support. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.006 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6322 July 26, 2017 
That is certainly true in the Veterans Administration. It is certainly true with the gentleman’s provision that he has gotten in now successive bills even under Republican Congresses. I want to commend him for his work in that regard. I agree very much with his intention. My friend from Massa-chusetts and I may have some dif-ferences on this and that process, but that is another person that I agree with in terms of the War Powers Act and in terms of trying to get a new AUMF and reclaim congressional power. I actually think, strangely enough, even though we disagree on this, that this bill starts us maybe down that road again by requiring the adminis-tration to submit a report to justify le-gally where we are at and why, to tell us the strategy, to lay out the costs. I commend my friend, the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee, Mr. R
OYCE , for holding a hearing on that. I see us moving back in that way toward regular order and, hopefully, toward common ground. Again, I understand my friend’s ob-jections, even when I don’t agree with him. But I also thank my friend from California for pointing out that there are parts where we do agree. They are important, and they are incorporated in this bill. Maybe we can make it bet-ter in the amendment process. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I include in the R
ECORD a letter from Amnesty International rejecting the border wall funding. 
AMNESTY INTERNATIONAL , Washington, DC, July 26, 2017. A
MNESTY INTERNATIONAL USA U RGES HOUSE  
TOREJECT SOUTHERN BORDER WALLFUNDING  D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of Am-nesty International USA and our more than one million members and supporters nation-wide, we strongly urge you to reject any and all requests included in H.R. 3219 (Depart-ment of Defense Appropriations Act, 2018 AKA Make America Secure Appropriations Act, 2018) for the funding of a southern bor-der wall. The construction of such a wall would pose serious human rights con-sequences and would violate international law and standards in two major ways. First, Congress should not approve funding for a wall that will cut through tribal land unless the U.S. government first obtains the free, prior, and informed consent of affected Nations, as prescribed by Article 19 of the United Nations (‘‘UN’’) Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples. The U.S. must consult in good faith with Native American Nations who would be impacted by the con-struction of the proposed wall. The National Congress of American Indians and the Legis-lative Council of the Tohono O’odham, the second-largest tribe in the United States by land holdings, have both passed resolutions opposing the construction of the wall with-out tribal consent. Without the free, prior, and informed consent of affected Native American Nations, the House cannot approve border wall funding without violating the UN Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples. Second, the construction of a border wall risks escalation of the already serious viola-tions experienced by asylum seekers seeking to enter the U.S. In order to provide a fair asylum process, the U.S. must ensure the ex-istence of sufficiently located, secure, regu-lated border crossing points for asylum seek-ers. This is essential to ensure that the U.S. government does not violate the principle of non-refoulement, which is enshrined in the 1951 UN Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees and binding on States Party to the 1967 Protocol. Amnesty International strongly urges you to reject funding for a southern border wall, in order to uphold U.S. obligations with re-spect to Native Americans and arriving asy-lum seekers. Sincerely, JOANNE LIN, Senior Managing Director, Advocacy and Government Relations. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude in the R
ECORD a letter opposing the funding for the wall from the League of United Latin American Citi-zens. 
LEAGUE OF UNITED LATIN A
MERICAN CITIZENS , Washington, DC, July 19, 2017. House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the League of United Latin American Citizens (LULAC), the nation’s oldest and largest Latino civil rights organization, I write to oppose any legislative attempts to keep funding the construction of a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border, the expansion of a Trump deportation force, and the increase of detention beds in immigrant incarceration centers. As the House moves to consider the Fiscal Year 18 Department of Homeland Security Appropriation bill, and other security re-lated bills, LULAC is deeply concerned about language that would provide billions for the construction of a costly and divisive wall along the Southern border, as well as hun-dreds of millions to hire a deportation force and expand immigrant incarceration. The continued criminalization of immi-grants, militarization of the border, and rush to build a costly, ineffective, and destructive wall on the U.S.-Mexico border are aims of radical politicians seeking to advance a xenophobic, anti-Latino agenda in this Con-gress. Unfortunately, this administration has failed to focus on legitimate staffing concerns at ports of entry, rebuilding port infrastructure, and protecting the land, water, and environment of the border. In-stead, it is looking to seize the private prop-erty of border residents, destroy the natural habitat and wildlife in border communities, endanger border water supplies, and turn im-migrant neighbors, families, and children into criminals who merit incarceration and deportation. The House of Representatives should not enable these aims and should oppose any lan-guage seeking to advance the radical right- wing agenda of demonizing border commu-nities and scapegoating immigrants. LULAC opposes any DHS appropriation bill, or any other appropriation vehicle, that funds bor-der walls/levees, the hiring of Trump’s depor-tation force and the continued expansion im-migrant incarceration. Sincerely, R
OGER C. R OCHA , Jr., LULAC National President. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. I include in the R
ECORD a fact sheet by the Washington Office on Latin America entitled: ‘‘Key points about the $1.6 billion border wall.’’ JULY24, 2017. Please find below a rigorously sourced analysis of the $1.6 billion in funding for a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border. The bor-der wall funding is expected to be attached to the appropriations ‘‘minibus’’ in the Rules Committee later this week. As a leading research and advocacy organi-zation with years of field research and expe-rience working on migration and border se-curity issues, WOLA (the Washington Office on Latin America) outlines a number of rea-sons why this proposal will be costly, ineffec-tive, and divisive. WOLA believes that these are over-whelming reasons to oppose President Trump’s request for a border wall and to vote against its inclusion in a bill claiming to fund national security. Regardless of party, it is clear that $1.6 billion spent to start building the wall is money wasted. Please don’t hesitate to reach out to me if you have any questions or would like more information. Best regards, A
DAMISACSON . [From the Washington Office on Latin America, July 24, 2017] K
EYPOINTS ABOUT THE $1.6 B ILLION BORDER  W
ALL 
A COSTLY , INEFFECTIVE , AND DIVISIVE BORDER  
WALL DOESN ’T BELONG IN A ‘‘NATIONAL SECU -
RITY’’ APPROPRIATION  The House of Representatives is rushing to the floor four Fiscal Year (FY) 2018 appro-priations bills related to national security, which will be combined into a so-called ‘‘minibus.’’ In addition, the House Repub-lican leadership is expected to carve out the most controversial part of the Homeland Se-curity appropriations bill—President Trump’s full request to fund the border wall—and use a procedural maneuver in the Rules Committee to attach it to this week’s funding bill. Along with money for our mili-tary, veterans, and other defense-related items, the House is expected to consider $1.6 billion to start building President Trump’s proposed border wall. 
THE BORDER WALL WOULD BE COSTLY  The bill would fund the Trump administra-tion’s full request for $1.6 billion to build 60 miles of new border wall and fortify 14 miles of existing wall. That comes out to $21.2 mil-lion per mile. This is more than four times the $4.84 million per mile cost of fencing built since 2011. At the rate proposed by President Trump, building additional fencing along the 1,317 border miles that lack it would cost $28 bil-lion. And that figure doesn’t count the cost of building in more difficult terrain, access roads, maintenance, or acquiring land in Texas, where almost all border landholdings are privately held. Building the wall carries a huge oppor-tunity cost. $1.6 billion could support many more important border security priorities. These include upgrading and hiring more personnel for ports of entry, the main vector for illegal drugs. The ports have $5 billion in unmet infrastructure needs. They could in-clude more technology so that border-secu-rity agencies have a better idea of what is happening along the border. This would make continued National Guard deploy-ments unnecessary. They could include greatly increased investment in moving costs and bonuses for Border Patrol agents who agree to relocate from quieter border sectors to busier ones in need of manpower. 
THE BORDER WALL WOULD BE INEFFECTIVE  The proposed border wall will not stop drug trafficking. To understand drug traf-ficking across the U.S.-Mexico border, it’s first necessary to understand the difference 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.042 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6323 July 26, 2017 
between ‘‘ports of entry’’—the 44 official land border crossings—and the vast spaces between them, where fencing exists or where Trump’s wall would be built. The ports of entry are where U.S. border authorities seize the majority of heroin and opioids, meth-amphetamine, and cocaine. ‘‘The big issue, really, right now on drugs coming into the United States is the ports of entry,’’ Home-land Security Secretary John Kelly told a Senate committee in April. Building a wall would have no effect on smuggling at ports of entry. Meanwhile, in the rural border areas where the White House proposes to build, a wall really isn’t much of a barrier. It slows indi-viduals down for the 10 or 15 minutes it takes to climb over. In a populated area, where au-thorities can respond quickly, that 10 or 15 minutes makes a big difference. But almost all of these areas already have high fences, because of the hundreds of miles of building that followed the Secure Fence Act of 2006. In emptier areas, reducing a border crosser’s head start by 10 to 15 minutes is hardly a de-terrent—and in Texas, the Rio Grande al-ready serves that purpose. 
THE BORDER WALL WOULD BE DANGEROUS  More wall-building could have tragic con-sequences. Violence, poverty, and family ties ensure that migrants will continue attempt-ing the risky journey through the border re-gion’s inhospitable wilderness zones. Every year, U.S. authorities find the remains of hundreds of migrants, dead of dehydration and exposure in deserts and scrublands. With more fencing, migrants may attempt the crossing in even more remote areas, where the probability of death will be even higher. 
THE BORDER WALL WOULD BE DIVISIVE  Building a wall sends a toxic message to one of our two closest neighbors, a country on whose cooperation the United States’ na-tional security and economic prosperity de-pends. Mexico is the United States’ third- largest trading partner. Our common border is 1,970 miles long. Mexico collaborates on ef-forts to guard against extra-regional terror-ists hypothetically using its territory to enter the United States. After 12 years of steadily declining migration, more Mexican citizens leave the United States than enter it each year. In January, it extradited its most notorious drug lord to the United States. It makes no sense to undermine this rela-tionship by building a permanent barrier along our border with Mexico. It makes no sense to jeopardize badly needed cooperation by portraying Mexico as a sinister source of threats that should foot the bill for the wall (which, the 2018 appropriation makes clear, it will not have to do). Mexico certainly has problems, particularly corruption and human rights abuse. But these are aspects of the relationship the United States must work on, rather than push Mexico away with an aggressive construction project. 
THE BORDER WALL SHOULD BE REJECTED  WOLA believes that these are over-whelming reasons to oppose President Trump’s request for a border wall and to vote against its inclusion in a bill claiming to fund national security. Regardless of party, it is clear that $1.6 billion spent to start building the wall is money wasted. Let’s stop this now before it becomes even larger, more costly, more counterproductive, and more divisive. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude in the R
ECORD an NBC News arti-cle on how the border wall is being planned to decimate the National But-terfly Center in the wildlife corridor of the lower Rio Grande Valley. [From NBC News, July 26, 2017] B
ORDER WALL PUSH CREATES FLAP IN  H
OUSE —AND AT THE NATIONAL BUTTERFLY  C
ENTER  (By Suzanne Gamboa) W
ASHINGTON .—A national butterfly pre-serve is the latest flashpoint in the border wall debate as Democrats accuse the GOP of rigging the process to slip wall funding into a pack of House spending bills possibly up for a vote this week. While there are not specific details on ex-actly where $1.6 billion proposed for Presi-dent Trump’s border wall will be spent, an amendment sponsored by Rep. J
OHNCARTER , R–Texas, calls for $498 million to go to 28 miles of ‘‘new bollard levee wall’’ in Hidalgo County in Texas’ Rio Grande Valley—home to the National Butterfly Center. The amendment also calls for $251 million to repair secondary border fencing in the San Diego area and $38.2 million for planning fu-ture border wall construction. Another $784 million is for 32 miles of ‘‘border bollard fencing’’ in Starr County, Texas, also in the Rio Grande Valley. The butterfly center’s executive director Marianna Trevin˜o Wright said she found a work crew on the butterfly center’s property last week, and she worried that their efforts might be related to construction of the pro-posed border wall. The workers had chain saws and work trucks and had cut and shred brush, trees and plants, she said. Trevin ˜o Wright said she found surveyor stakes and ‘‘X’’ marks on the property. She posted photos on the center’s web site and Facebook page. The 100-acre center is part of the wildlife corridor of the lower Rio Grande Valley, which is a migratory flyway for birds, but-terflies and a host of other wildlife. The cen-ter’s property already is bisected by earthen levees. Two thirds of the property is below the levee, Trevin˜o Wright said. ‘‘The property we have acquired here used to be a commercial onion farm and we have spent the last 15 years fundraising for our ef-forts and growing plants and purchasing ma-terials to revegetate this area, to plant na-tive, host and nectar plants and provide breeding and feeding areas to support wild-life, especially butterflies,’’ she said. ‘‘We do have folks who come from around the state, nation, world for the birds and butterflies and other things we have here on the property. Sometimes people show up looking for indigo snakes,’’ Trevin ˜o Wright said. In a previously issued statement, the Army Corps of Engineers denied that its contrac-tors cleared or removed trees at the center, but acknowledged the crew placed X mark-ings on the ground for mapping and wooden stakes flagging proposed locations to bore holes for possible construction. The agency said its contractor collected two soil samples from the levee but did so away from the but-terfly center. Neither U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion, the Army Corps of Engineers, nor other agencies have outlined plans for the proposed border wall on the center property. Still, Trevin˜o Wright and her supporters worry about what the center called on Facebook the ‘‘government secret activity on our property.’’ There also is angst over the possibility of border wall construction in another refuge along the Rio Grande—the San Ana Wildlife Refuge. It is considered the ‘‘crown jewel’’ of wildlife refuges and one of the nation’s top birding spots. The Texas Observer first re-ported that crews were taking core samples, setting off a reaction among birders who flock to the spot that boasts 400 species of birds. The American Birding Association put out a plea to its members to write and call their members of Congress asking that they stop construction of the wall. Carlos Diaz, a spokesman for Customs and Border Protection, told NBC News he did not have information on what plans or hopes there are for putting fencing or a wall on the butterfly center’s property or the Santa Ana Refuge. In a previously issued news release fol-lowing a meeting with Rio Grande Valley mayors last week, Customs and Border Pro-tection and the Army Corps of Engineers said in a news release they are conducting research activities in areas slated for con-struction of new or replacement border wall, with $20 million in reprogrammed funds ap-proved by Congress. Also money provided for fiscal 2017 is being used to replace pedestrian barriers in San Diego and El Centro, California; replace ve-hicle barriers and pedestrian barriers in El Paso, Texas and install 35 new gates at gaps in border fencing built already in the Rio Grande Valley, according to Army Corps of Engineers information provided by Diaz. In a hearing Monday held by the U.S. House Rules Committee, Rep. Jim McGov-ern, D–Mass., pointed out that American tax-payers are footing the tab for the border wall work, not Mexico as Trump had promised. That’s a point that should be debated and could be if the border wall funding was given it’s own vote, he said. ‘‘This is a rigged process,’’ McGovern said. With Congress closing in on a summer re-cess, the House is trying to push through a batch of four spending bills the GOP has said are critical for security. But the GOP plan to include $1.6 million for 74 miles of President Donald Trump’s border ‘‘wall’’ means those who oppose the border wall funding have to vote against the military spending. Rep. Pete Sessions, R–Texas, who chairs the Rules Committee, said Monday he made the amendment providing the border wall money ‘‘self-executing,’’ setting up the di-lemma for opponents of the wall funding. ‘‘You are dadgum right I put it in there,’’ Sessions said. ‘‘We are going to comply with allowing the president to have things he wants also,’’ he said. Rep. Ruben Gallego, D–Ariz., called the move ‘‘sneaky’’ and said House Speaker Paul Ryan and GOP House members were doing Trump’s ‘‘dirty work.’’ ‘‘They want to make sure Trump can build his wall, but they also want desperately to avoid a clean up or down vote on the issue,’’ Gallego told reporters in a call Monday. Ashlee Strong, a spokeswoman for Ryan, said in an email that House and Senate Re-publicans’ agenda includes a commitment to increased border security ‘‘and we are fol-lowing through on that promise.’’ 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, proc-ess matters. And I have come to the conclusion, after having served here for some time now, that a lousy process leads to a lousy product and lousy leg-islation. I know many of my colleagues were moved, like I was yesterday, when Sen-ator J
OHNMCCAINappeared on the Sen-ate floor and not only engaged in Sen-ate business, but actually gave a very eloquent, passionate speech. I want to quote Senator M
CCAINfrom yesterday. He said: ‘‘Let’s return to regular order. We’ve been spinning our wheels on too many important issues because we keep trying to find a way to win without help from across the aisle. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.012 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6324 July 26, 2017 
That’s an approach that’s been em-ployed by both sides, mandating legis-lation from the top down, without any support from the other side, with all the parliamentary maneuvers that re-quires. ‘‘We’re getting nothing done.’’ I agree with Senator M
CCAIN, and I believe that a majority in this House, Democrats and Republicans, agree with Senator M
CCAIN. But at some point we have to stop saying: ‘‘Well, we will get better. We will get better. It will be better next time. It will be better next time.’’ Because what is happening is, it is getting worse each time we bring legis-lations or appropriations to the floor. We are getting more and more restric-tive. We are shutting out more and more voices, not just Democratic voices, but Republican voices as well. This is a deliberative body. We ought to be able to deliberate a little bit. And both Democrats and Republicans have good ideas. Let us use this opportunity to change things, to go back to the reg-ular order that Senator M
CCAINtalked so eloquently about yesterday. There is an opportunity to do that. It doesn’t stop us considering the appro-priations bills, but what it says is that we will do so under an open rule. We will go back to the way we all say we want it to be, an open process. If you like some of these amend-ments, you vote for them. You make this legislation better. If you don’t like the amendments, then you vote against them. I mean, that is the way this body is supposed to operate; none of this un-derhanded, self-executing of controver-sial provisions that may not have the support of the majority in this House. Let’s go back to regular order. This is the moment. This is a defining mo-ment. b1330 Democrats and Republicans, if you really mean it when you say you want regular order, then you have to vote for regular order once in a while. You can’t keep on making excuses. I think this is the moment that we have on these appropriations bills to send a message to the leadership that we want things done differently here. We want to open things up. I think that is what the majority on both sides really want. But the question is whether or not we all have the guts to vote for an open process. So we have an opportunity to do that. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to defeat the previous question so we can bring this legislation up today under an open rule. Let everybody offer their amendments. Let’s bring it up. Let’s do this today. No more excuses. If you mean what you say when you say you want regular order, this is the opportunity to vote for it. So please vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question. And I oppose the underlying bill. Maybe I won’t if we can fix it through regular order. Maybe we can add a number of amendments, and even I would support some of these amend-ments. Let’s give it a chance. Let’s work in a bipartisan way. Let’s go back to the days when we did have open rules on appropriations. This is the opportunity to do it. Vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I thank, as always, my good friend for a spirited and thought-ful debate. He always makes good points. Frankly, I always find myself more comfortable when we are on the same side—as we occasionally are— than when we are on opposite sides. My friend has made many valuable contributions to this institution, par-ticularly pushing us relentlessly in the right direction of reclaiming our war- making authority. Having said that, it is always great to call for a new sys-tem, a new way, or a return to open rules without admitting you are the ones that abandoned them. We actually tried to restore them. I regret we failed in that, quite frankly, but I will have to say both sides have gotten used to not doing open rules because they don’t want to cast tough votes. That is why my friends abandoned the open rule process when they were in the majority in 2009, and, honestly, that is why we abandoned it last year. I regret that. I will work with my friend probably not today but going forward in trying to reclaim that be-cause I think when we lost it, we di-minished the power of every individual Member in Congress. We thought we were protecting them, but the reality is they now can no longer come to the floor as an individual and present their own idea. But at least in this case there are 72 amendments. The majority of them are from my friend’s side of the aisle. I would hope going forward, particularly when we consider the next eight appro-priations bills, we will continue to be very generous in that regard. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I want to en-courage all Members to support the rule. H.R. 3219 represents the first step toward fulfilling our primary obliga-tion as Members of Congress: to fund the government. We should all be proud of what we have accomplished in putting this bill forward. The bill contains the provisions of four of the bills passed out of the Ap-propriations Committee representing the work of the Subcommittees on De-fense; Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies; Legislative Branch; and Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agen-cies. The bill will significantly increase funding for national defense and ensure that the men and women in the Armed Forces have the tools they need. We also increase funding to our veterans to ensure our fighting men and women will be taken care of long after they leave the service of their country, and we fund key Member priorities in the areas of Energy and Water Develop-ment, and Related Agencies; and Legis-lative Branch. Mr. Speaker, I applaud my colleagues for their hard work. The material previously referred to by Mr. MCGOVERN is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 473 O FFERED BY  M
R. MCGOVERN  Strike all after the resolved clause and in-sert: That at any time after the adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 3219) making appro-priations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equal-ly divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. Points of order against provisions in the bill for failure to comply with clause 2 of rule XXI are waived. During consideration of the bill for amendment, the chair of the Committee of the Whole may ac-cord priority in recognition on the basis of whether the Member offering an amendment has caused it to be printed in the portion of the Congressional Record designated for that purpose in clause 8 of rule XVIII. Amend-ments so printed shall be considered as read. When the committee rises and reports the bill back to the House with a recommenda-tion that the bill do pass, the previous ques-tion shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one mo-tion to recommit with or without instruc-tions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. S
EC. 2. At any time after the adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2998) making appropriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2018, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consider-ation of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not ex-ceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. Points of order against provisions in the bill for failure to comply with clause 2 of rule XXI are waived. During consideration of the bill for amendment, the chair of the Com-mittee of the Whole may accord priority in recognition on the basis of whether the Member offering an amendment has caused it to be printed in the portion of the Con-gressional Record designated for that pur-pose in clause 8 of rule XVIII. Amendments so printed shall be considered as read. When 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.046 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6325 July 26, 2017 
the committee rises and reports the bill back to the House with a recommendation that the bill do pass, the previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage with-out intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and re-ports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. S
EC. 3. At any time after the adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3266) making appropriations for energy and water develop-ment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other pur-poses. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropria-tions. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five- minute rule. Points of order against provi-sions in the bill for failure to comply with clause 2 of rule XXI are waived. During con-sideration of the bill for amendment, the chair of the Committee of the Whole may ac-cord priority in recognition on the basis of whether the Member offering an amendment has caused it to be printed in the portion of the Congressional Record designated for that purpose in clause 8 of rule XVIII. Amend-ments so printed shall be considered as read. When the committee rises and reports the bill back to the House with a recommenda-tion that the bill do pass, the previous ques-tion shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one mo-tion to recommit with or without instruc-tions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. S
EC 4. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 3219, H.R. 2998, or H.R. 3266. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is ENTI-TLED to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution .....  [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule .....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption of the resolution. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 230, nays 193, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 414] YEAS—230 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—193 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.014 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6326 July 26, 2017 
Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—10 
Brat Comstock Cummings Graves (MO) Hollingsworth Kuster (NH) Napolitano Palmer Scalise Westerman 
b1355 Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 414. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I was de-layed in returning to the floor. If present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Stated against: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 414. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 232, noes 192, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 415] AYES—232 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—192 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—9 
Cummings Franks (AZ) Graves (MO) Hollingsworth MacArthur Napolitano Nolan Palmer Scalise 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I was ab-sent during rollcall votes No. 414 and No. 415 due to my spouse’s health situation in Cali-fornia. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on the Motion on Ordering the Previous Question on the Rule providing for consider-ation of H.R. 3219. I would have also voted ‘‘nay’’ on H. Res. 473—Rule providing for con-sideration of H.R. 3219—‘‘Make America Se-cure Appropriations Act, 2018.’’ 
f 
PERMISSION TO MODIFY INSTRUC-TIONS IN AMENDMENT NOS. 60, 61, AND 66 PRINTED IN HOUSE REPORT 115–259 Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that the instructions in each of the amendments numbered 60, 61, and 66 printed in House Report 115– 259 be modified by striking ‘‘the divi-sion’’ and inserting ‘‘division D’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
OST). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.016 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6327 July 26, 2017 
There was no objection. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3210) to require the Director of the National Background Investiga-tions Bureau to submit a report on the backlog of personnel security clearance investigations, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3210 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Securely Expe-diting Clearances Through Reporting Trans-parency Act of 2017’’ or the ‘‘SECRET Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. REPORT ON BACKLOG OF PERSONNEL SE-CURITY CLEARANCE INVESTIGA-TIONS. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, and quarterly thereafter for 5 years, the Director of the National Background Investigations Bureau of the Office of Personnel Management shall submit to Congress a report on the backlog of security clearance investiga-tions that includes— (1) the size of the personnel security clearance investigation process backlog; and (2) the average length of time, for each sensi-tivity level, to carry out an initial investigation and a periodic investigation. 
SEC. 3. REPORT ON SECURITY CLEARANCE INVES-TIGATIONS OF PERSONNEL OF THE EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESI-DENT. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Director of the National Background Investigations Bureau of the Office of Personnel Management shall submit to Con-gress a report that explains the process for con-ducting and adjudicating security clearance in-vestigations for personnel of the Executive Of-fice of the President, including White House personnel. 
SEC. 4. REPORT ON DUPLICATIVE COSTS. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Director of the National Background Investigations Bureau of the Office of Personnel Management shall submit to Con-gress a report on the cost of duplicating re-sources under the control or direction of the Na-tional Background Investigations Bureau for implementation of the plan referenced in section 951(a)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (10 U.S.C. 1564 note). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. M
ITCHELL ) and the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 3210, the SECRET Act of 2017, introduced by my colleague, the gentleman from California (Mr. K
NIGHT ). Mr. Speaker, the backlog of security clearance investigations causes tre-mendous waste for Federal employees and contractors and jeopardizes our na-tional security. There are thousands of jobs waiting to be filled in important national secu-rity positions and at least as many qualified Americans eagerly ready to fill them, but they can’t, because they are waiting on their background inves-tigation. As of June 2017, the backlog stood at 650,000 clearances for employees, new hires, and contractors waiting either for an investigation or a reinvestiga-tion. Many of those people are unable to perform their jobs while waiting, leading to contract delays and a pure waste of time. Mr. Speaker, in order to fix the prob-lem, you have to start by under-standing the problem. Fixing the back-ground investigation backlog requires information on the size, scope, and na-ture of the problem. Currently, Congress receives infor-mation about the size of the backlog through briefings—only through brief-ings. We receive no regular data on the backlog and have no way to track progress over time. My colleagues from California and Virginia, Representative K
NIGHT and Representative G
ERALD CONNOLLY , au-thored this bipartisan bill to provide Congress the information it needs to assess these backlog investigations. H.R. 3210, Securely Expediting Clear-ances Through Reporting Transparency Act, requires a simple quarterly report from the National Background Inves-tigations Bureau known as NBIB. The report will disclose the size of the backlog and the average length of an investigation broken down by level of clearance. Additionally, this bill re-quires two nonpartisan reports to help Congress plan potential reforms to the background investigation security clearance process. NBIB will be required to issue a re-port describing the general security clearance procedure in the Executive Office of the President. The bill also re-quires NBIB to issue a report on the duplicative costs that would likely arise from transferring responsibility for background investigations to the Department of Defense. Like the quarterly backlog report, this report will help Congress deter-mine whether proposed options to re-duce the backlog would do so or actu-ally would increase it. This bill is an important first step in addressing the security clearance in-vestigation backlog, thereby reducing waste and increasing our Nation’s secu-rity. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan good govern-ment bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Michigan for his remarks. Congress-man STEVE KNIGHT and I introduced H.R. 3210, the Securely Expediting Clearances Through Reporting Trans-parency Act, or SECRET, to enable Congress to monitor the efficiency of the background investigation process. This bipartisan bill was passed unani-mously by the Oversight and Govern-ment Reform Committee. H.R. 3210 imposes a commonsense re-quirement on the National Background Investigations Bureau to report to Con-gress on backlogs that develop in the background investigation process. Backlogs have plagued us in the past, as my friend from Michigan just said. In 2004, when the Department of De-fense was the lead agency performing background investigations, the Govern-ment Accountability Office determined the backlog was 375 days, more than 1 year. Over 100,000 new investigations or reinvestigations were delayed by that backlog. In response, Congress transferred re-sponsibility for those investigations to the Office of Personnel Management, and more recently, created the Na-tional Background Investigations Bu-reau within the Office of Personnel Management. H.R. 3210 will provide Congress with the transparency needed to conduct oversight of the National Background Investigations Bureau and to help pre-vent backlogs like that in the future. I am also pleased that the bill in-cludes an amendment I offered in com-mittee to require a report to Congress on duplicative costs to assist us in making decisions that protect tax-payers. Last year, a provision in the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act asked the Department of Defense to develop a separate plan, to transfer responsi-bility for those background investiga-tions of DOD personnel to the Pen-tagon instead of the National Back-ground Investigations Bureau. The Bureau would continue to per-form other background investigations for all the other government agencies, except the Pentagon. If that plan were implemented, resources and capabili-ties that are currently under the direc-tion of the Bureau would have to be du-plicated by the Department of Defense. H.R. 3210 would require a report to Congress on the cost of those duplica-tive resources and efforts. For Congress 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.054 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6328 July 26, 2017 
to make an informed choice on who should be responsible for conducting background investigations, we have got to know the costs. Finally, the Oversight Committee also adopted an amendment offered by my friend and colleague, the Congress-man from Illinois (Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI ), that would require a report on the process for performing and adjudicating background inves-tigations for personnel in the Execu-tive Office of the President. This would help Congress ensure that those with access to the most sensitive information in the White House are thoroughly vetted. And I thank the gentleman for his thoughtful amendment which also passed unanimously in our committee. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of H.R. 3210. I am proud to be the original Democratic cosponsor. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. K
NIGHT ), the sponsor of the bill. Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Mr. C
ONNOLLY for his help and his partnership in the SE-CRET Act. Today, I rise in support of this straightforward bipartisan legisla-tion, the SECRET Act, or Securely Ex-pediting Clearances Through Reporting Transparency Act. I am proud to say that this bill origi-nated from concerns voiced by my con-stituents. California’s 25th District serves as a hub for many national secu-rity programs, and by extension, re-quires a highly skilled, security- cleared industrial base and workforce. But this doesn’t just affect southern California. This is a national issue and must be addressed now. Many employers are either unable to recruit workers due to excessive back-log of security clearance investigations or are forced to place employees in unfulfilling positions while they wait unacceptable amounts of time for their investigations to be completed. b1415 Mr. Speaker, we are fortunate to live in a country with selfless citizens who seek to serve our Nation in critical na-tional security positions and work to-wards safety at home and abroad. We need these bright minds to solve in-credibly difficult problems and develop the next generation of American-made technology. We should reward them for choosing to work toward something greater than themselves, not punish them with jobs they don’t want just be-cause our bureaucracies can’t move fast enough. I introduced the SECRET Act so Con-gress can do its job of oversight better. The transparency afforded in this bill will better inform us of how substan-tial the security clearance backlog is and how long it takes for investiga-tions to be completed. Equipped with that information, we will hold the ex-ecutive branch accountable and keep our country safe. I thank Chairman GOWDY and his committee staff for the diligent work on this bill, and I urge my colleagues for their support. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague and friend, Mr. K
NIGHT , for this bill. His leadership is really critical. In my district, like his, thousands and thousands of jobs are open because of this issue. We simply haven’t gotten the security clearances done in an ex-peditious way. We want them thor-ough, but we also, frankly, want our national security being addressed at full throttle, and that means full em-ployment in these jobs. I couldn’t agree more with his senti-ments, and I thank him again for his leadership. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI ), my friend and colleague and one of the up-and-coming stars of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentleman from Vir-ginia for yielding, and I thank Mr. K
NIGHT and Mr. M ITCHELL for their leadership on this. I also want to thank Ranking Member E
LIJAH CUMMINGS for all that he has done to try to get the answers about executive branch back-ground checks. For over 6 months, various Oversight and Government Reform Committee members have been working to get basic answers from the White House about its process for granting security clearances. In a February 2017 hearing, my colleague, Congresswoman P
LASKETT , asked the Director of the National Background Investigations Bureau if any senior administration of-ficials with access to sensitive mate-rial were under criminal investigation. Chairman Chaffetz specifically asked the Office of Personnel Management to get back to Representative P
LASKETT  about her request. Unfortunately, nei-ther OPM nor NBIB have answered these basic questions. That is why I am pleased that the Oversight and Govern-ment Reform Committee unanimously adopted my amendment during consid-eration of H.R. 3210 last week. My amendment is very simple. It re-quires the NBIB to report to Congress on the process for conducting and adju-dicating security clearances at the White House. This bill is a necessary first step for Congress to conduct the oversight nec-essary to ensure that all personnel in the U.S. Government, regardless of ad-ministration, regardless of office, re-gardless of the President who happens to be in office at the time, will be thor-oughly vetted and will not pose a threat to our national security. I encourage all Members to support this bipartisan bill. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this issue that Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI refers to is an issue that spans administrations and re-quires attention not for partisan mat-ters, but for the safety and security of our country. I am pleased with the amendment. I supported the amendment in com-mittee, and, as noted, it did pass unani-mously. The reason I support this bill is be-cause it pursues some commonsense goals. Think about it: 650,000 out-standing requests, and the only way we get information on that is we get a briefing, no routine reporting. I have no further speakers, and I re-serve the balance of my time to close. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Michigan for those comments, and I again thank him for his leadership. I thank Mr. KNIGHT for his vision for this bill. I am pleased to be an original co-sponsor, and I am pleased to make sure this was shepherded through com-mittee on a unanimous vote. I think we all recognize the criti-cality of classified background check-ing to make sure people trusted with our Nation’s secrets, in fact, have been properly checked and vetted. But, on the other hand, backlogs hurt our na-tional security, and so expediting it and accelerating reporting on it are really critical, it seems to me, for both intelligence, homeland security, and defense work that protects our citi-zens. This is a very important step for-ward, and I urge its passage. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, as I noted, I am new here in Congress, and I was astonished to find that we had no routine report-ing on security clearances. I was aston-ished to find how much of a backlog we face and the damage it is doing to na-tional security inefficiency. I support this bill because it pursues a commonsense goal: transparency and efficient operation of the government. I support the amendment on trans-parency on oversight of the clearances in the White House because I think it is something that should have hap-pened a long time ago. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to adopt the bill, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. M
ITCHELL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3210, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ESCAMBIA COUNTY LAND CONVEYANCE ACT Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.055 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6329 July 26, 2017 
bill (H.R. 2370) to authorize Escambia County, Florida, to convey certain property that was formerly part of Santa Rosa Island National Monument and that was conveyed to Escambia County subject to restrictions on use and reconveyance. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2370 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Escambia County Land Conveyance Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) C
OUNTY .—The term ‘‘County’’ means Escambia County, Florida. (2) N
ON-FEDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘non- Federal land’’ means the former Santa Rosa Island National Monument land in the State that was conveyed by the United States to the County under the Act of July 30, 1946 (60 Stat. 712, chapter 699), and by deed dated January 15, 1947. (3) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means the State of Florida. 
SEC. 3. RECONVEYANCE OF NON-FEDERAL LAND TO ESCAMBIA COUNTY, FLORIDA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding the re-strictions on conveyance in the Act of July 30, 1946 (60 Stat. 712, chapter 699), and the deed to the non-Federal land from the United States to the County dated January 15, 1947, and subject to subsections (c) through (g), the County may convey all right, title, and interest of the County in and to the non-Fed-eral land or any portion of the non-Federal land, to any person or entity, without any restriction on conveyance or reconveyance imposed by the United States in that Act or deed. (b) E
FFECT ON LEASEHOLD INTERESTS .—No person or entity holding a leasehold interest in the non-Federal land as of the date of en-actment of this Act shall be required to in-voluntarily accept a fee interest to the non- Federal land in place of the leasehold inter-est in the non-Federal land. (c) C
ONVEYANCE OF LAND WITHIN SANTA  R
OSACOUNTY , FLORIDA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—As a condition of the au-thority granted to the County to convey the non-Federal land under subsection (a), all right, title, and interest of the County in and to any portion of the non-Federal land that is within the jurisdictional boundaries of Santa Rosa County, Florida, shall be con-veyed by the County to Santa Rosa County, Florida, by the date that is 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A conveyance under paragraph (1) shall— (A) be absolute; (B) terminate— (i) any subjugation of Santa Rosa County, Florida, to the County; or (ii) any regulation of Santa Rosa County, Florida, by the County; and (C) be without consideration, except that the County may require Santa Rosa County, Florida, to pay the actual costs associated with the conveyance of the non-Federal land to Santa Rosa County, Florida. (3) A
SSUMPTION OF OWNERSHIP ; IMPOSITION  
OF RESTRICTIONS .—On conveyance of the non- Federal land to Santa Rosa County, Florida, under paragraph (1), Santa Rosa County, Florida— (A) shall assume ownership of the non-Fed-eral land free of the restrictions on the non- Federal land described in subsection (g); and (B) may establish any lawful restrictions on, or criteria for the reconveyance of, the non-Federal land to any leaseholder of the non-Federal land. (4) RECONVEYANCE .—Santa Rosa County, Florida, or any other person to whom Santa Rosa County, Florida, reconveys the non- Federal land may reconvey the non-Federal land or any portion of the non-Federal land conveyed to Santa Rosa County, Florida, under paragraph (1). (d) I
NCORPORATION OR ANNEXATION .—An owner or leaseholder of the non-Federal land conveyed under this section may pursue in-corporation, annexation, or any other gov-ernmental status for the non-Federal land, if the owner or leaseholder complies with the legal conditions required for incorporation, annexation, or the other governmental sta-tus. (e) J
URISDICTION .—The non-Federal land shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the county or unit of local government in which the non-Federal land is located. (f) P
ROCEEDS .—Any proceeds from the con-veyance of the non-Federal land by the County or Santa Rosa County, Florida (other than amounts paid for the direct and inci-dental costs associated with the convey-ance), under this section shall— (1) be considered to be windfall profits; and (2) revert to the United States. (g) P
RESERVATION .—As a condition of the grant of the authority to convey the non- Federal land under subsection (a), the Coun-ty shall preserve in perpetuity the areas of the non-Federal land that, as of the date of enactment of this Act, are dedicated for con-servation, preservation, public recreation ac-cess, and public parking, in accordance with any resolutions of the Board of Commis-sioners of the County. (h) D
ETERMINATION OF COMPLIANCE .—The County and Santa Rosa County, Florida— (1) except as provided in subsection (c)(1), shall not be subject to a deadline or require-ment to make any conveyance or reconvey-ance of the non-Federal land authorized under this section; and (2) may establish terms for the conveyance or reconveyance of the non-Federal land au-thorized under this section, subject to this Act and applicable State law. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. C
LAY) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. G
AETZ ), the author of this measure. Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman M
CCLINTOCK as well as the great leadership of the House Natural Resources Committee. This legislation impacts residents on Navarre Beach and Pensacola Beach in Florida’s First Congressional District. Some of those residents are now being double taxed because they have been forced to pay ad valorem property tax payments to the government in addi-tion to lease payments. This legisla-tion will grant fee simple title to these affected residents so that they are not double taxed and simply make an ad valorem payment like all other Florid-ians. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2370, introduced by Representative GAETZ , settles a long-standing land management issue in his Florida district. Specifically, the bill transfers land associated with the former Santa Rosa Island National Monument to Escambia County. Once it is transferred to Escambia County, the bill authorizes a second transfer to Santa Rosa County, without any condi-tions or further restrictions. The land in question was provided to the county by the Federal Government in 1947 under the condition it remain in use for a public purpose. In 1956, the county decided a 100-year lease to neighboring Santa Rosa County was in the public interest. In the 61 years since, the counties have grown and prospered, but due to the terms of the original conveyance and subsequent lease, there is some confusion about Santa Rosa County’s power to tax. This bill will clear up some adminis-trative challenges that have arisen out of this unusual arrangement, a goal that we support. However, it will also allow for developments that conflict with the terms of the original convey-ance. As drafted, this bill authorizes activi-ties that will do significant environ-mental damage to a fragile coastal bar-rier island and potentially lead to the privatization of land on Santa Rosa Is-land. Neither of these results is in the public interest or consistent with con-gressional intent. Congress granted Escambia County this land with one condition, which this bill completely ignores. We under-stand how important this bill is for Escambia and Santa Rosa Counties, but honoring the original intent of this land grant is as important as well. It is our hope that we can work with our colleagues in the Senate to make improvements to this legislation that will continue to protect the interests of the American taxpayers in this land deal. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to begin by assuaging the concerns raised by my friend from Missouri. A provision in the bill—and I will simply read it—I think, answers his concerns rather clearly. It says: ‘‘. . . the county shall preserve in perpetuity the areas of the non-Federal land that, as of the date of enactment of this act, are dedicated for conserva-tion, preservation, public recreation access, and public parking, in accord-ance with any resolutions of the Board of Commissioners of the county.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.061 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6330 July 26, 2017 
As my friend has pointed out, Con-gress established the Santa Rosa Na-tional Monument and directed the Sec-retary of the Interior to convey the Federal land in the monument to Escambia County, Florida, back in 1946. Just 6 months later, the land was deeded to the county. Under the terms of the conveyance, Escambia County was given the authority to lease the property on Santa Rosa Island; how-ever, they were not allowed to issue title on the property or otherwise dis-pose of it or reconvey it. In the intervening years since then, Santa Rosa Island has experienced tre-mendous economic growth. This growth prompted county leaders to as-sess property taxes on the leased lands. The imposition of taxes led to several lawsuits centered on the question of whether island residents and businessowners paying lease fees for their land could be taxed, despite not having outright ownership of the prop-erty. Courts have reached different conclu-sions based on differences in the lan-guage of particular leases, which has created fairness issues for the county governments of Escambia and Santa Rosa. One property may be subject to property taxes, while a virtually iden-tical property next door may not. This uneven treatment has prompted inter-est in removing the deed restriction prohibiting reconveyance, which then allows the county governments to con-vey ownership and create a uniform tax treatment for all properties on the beach. Recently, both Escambia County and neighboring Santa Rosa County passed resolutions asking for a Federal solu-tion to allow current Santa Rosa Is-land leaseholders the option of attain-ing fee simple title while protecting public access to the beaches and con-servation areas on the island. I commend my colleague, Congress-man G
AETZ , for listening to his con-stituents and working to find a solu-tion. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I appreciate my friend from California for that explanation. Hopefully, my colleague, Representative G
AETZ , will try to strike a balance between pro-tecting our environment, protecting the pristine nature of that island, as well as looking out for the best inter-ests of his constituents when this bill gets to the Senate. So, therefore, we will not oppose it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his comments. I would simply add that one of the overarching objectives of the Federal Lands Subcommittee is to restore the Federal Government as a good neigh-bor to those communities impacted by the public lands. This bill is an exam-ple of that principle at work, and I would urge adoption of the measure. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2370. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b1430 AFRICAN AMERICAN CIVIL RIGHTS NETWORK ACT OF 2017 Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1927) to amend title 54, United States Code, to establish within the National Park Service the African American Civil Rights Network, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1927 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘African American Civil Rights Network Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. PURPOSES. 
The purposes of this Act are— (1) to recognize— (A) the importance of the African Amer-ican civil rights movement; and (B) the sacrifices made by the people who fought against discrimination and segrega-tion; and (2) to authorize the National Park Service to coordinate and facilitate Federal and non- Federal activities to commemorate, honor, and interpret— (A) the history of the African American civil rights movement; (B) the significance of the civil rights movement as a crucial element in the evo-lution of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000a et seq.); and (C) the relevance of the African American civil rights movement in fostering the spirit of social justice and national reconciliation. 
SEC. 3. U.S. CIVIL RIGHTS NETWORK PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subdivision 1 of Division B of subtitle III of title 54, United States Code, is amended by inserting after chapter 3083 the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 3084—U.S. CIVIL RIGHTS NETWORK ‘‘Sec. ‘‘308401. Definition of network. ‘‘308402. U.S. Civil Rights Network. ‘‘308403. Cooperative agreements and memo-randa of understanding. ‘‘308404. Sunset. ‘‘§ 308401. Definition of network ‘‘In this chapter, the term ‘Network’ means the African American Civil Rights Network established under section 308402(a). ‘‘§ 308402. U.S. Civil Rights Network ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish, within the Service, a program to be known as the ‘U.S. Civil Rights Network’. ‘‘(b) D
UTIES OF SECRETARY .—In carrying out the Network, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) review studies and reports to com-plement and not duplicate studies of the his-torical importance of the African American civil rights movement that may be underway or completed, such as the Civil Rights Framework Study; ‘‘(2) produce and disseminate appropriate educational materials relating to the Afri-can American civil rights movement, such as handbooks, maps, interpretive guides, or electronic information; ‘‘(3) enter into appropriate cooperative agreements and memoranda of under-standing to provide technical assistance under subsection (c); and ‘‘(4)(A) create and adopt an official, uni-form symbol or device for the Network; and ‘‘(B) issue regulations for the use of the symbol or device adopted under subpara-graph (A). ‘‘(c) ELEMENTS .—The Network shall encom-pass the following elements: ‘‘(1) All units and programs of the Service that are determined by the Secretary to re-late to the African American civil rights movement during the period from 1939 through 1968. ‘‘(2) With the consent of the property owner, other Federal, State, local, and pri-vately owned properties that— ‘‘(A) relate to the African American civil rights movement; ‘‘(B) have a verifiable connection to the Af-rican American civil rights movement; and ‘‘(C) are included in, or determined by the Secretary to be eligible for inclusion in, the National Register of Historic Places. ‘‘(3) Other governmental and nongovern-mental facilities and programs of an edu-cational, research, or interpretive nature that are directly related to the African American civil rights movement. ‘‘§ 308403. Cooperative agreements and memo-randa of understanding ‘‘To achieve the purposes of this chapter and to ensure effective coordination of the Federal and non-Federal elements of the Network described in section 308402(c) with System units and programs of the Service, the Secretary may enter into cooperative agreements and memoranda of under-standing with, and provide technical assist-ance to the heads of other Federal agencies, States, units of local government, regional governmental bodies, and private entities. ‘‘§ 308404. Sunset ‘‘This program shall expire on the date that is 7 years after the date of enactment of this chapter.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of chapters for title 54, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to chapter 3083 the following: ‘‘3084 U.S. Civil Rights Network ........308401’’. 
SEC. 4. NO ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED. 
No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act and the amendments made by this Act. Such require-ments shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. C
LAY) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.062 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6331 July 26, 2017 
There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1927, the African American Civil Rights Network Act, introduced by our distinguished com-mittee colleague, Congressman L
ACY C
LAY from Missouri, directs the Na-tional Park Service to identify and cre-ate a national network of historic sites, research facilities, and edu-cational programs connected to the modern African-American civil rights movement. The network will be com-prised of existing units and programs of the National Park Service related to the African-American civil rights movement as well as the properties and programs of other Federal, State, local, and private entities that join the net-work. Establishing this network of historic sites connected to the African-Amer-ican civil rights movement will help preserve the legacy and the struggle of the many courageous individuals who risked their lives to secure racial equality and to put the full measure of the Declaration of Independence and its sacred principles into action. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the African American Civil Rights Network Act of 2017, updated and bi-partisan legislation that I was proud to introduce along with my distinguished colleague from Missouri’s Eighth Con-gressional District, Congressman J
ASON SMITH. I appreciate his leader-ship and true friendship as well. Our legislation, which has already earned 72 cosponsors, would authorize the National Park Service to establish a program to preserve and protect the memory of the people and places that were significant in the struggle to se-curing equal rights for African Ameri-cans during the 20th century’s civil rights era between 1939 and 1968. The purpose of this legislation is to recognize, protect, and share the re-markable American story of the mod-ern struggle for civil rights, a unique national experience that touches every American regardless of their age, re-gion, or heritage, and yet this very American story is often left untold, without the level of honesty and accu-racy that it surely deserves. In fact, the generation now coming of age has only scant knowledge of the history of the civil rights struggle. Young Americans find it difficult to be-lieve that racial segregation was once considered normal and necessary in the United States. I truly believe that the healing po-tential for this legislation is essential to bringing our Nation together. The historic network that H.R. 1927 would create would offer tremendous edu-cational opportunities by recognizing those brave souls from all walks of life who fought to make the promises en-shrined in our Constitution finally ring true for every American regardless of the color of their skin. Across this great country, precious historic waypoints along the routes of that still largely untold story are at risk of being lost forever. My hope is that the historic civil rights trails and the programs that will grow from this act will honestly tell the truth, the full and sometimes pain-ful story of the struggle for civil rights, not just for African Americans, but to foster healing, tolerance, and understanding among all Americans. This bill is similar to legislation that created the National Underground Railroad Network to Freedom Act of 1998, which is currently administered by the National Park Service. It di-rects the Secretary of the Interior to identify and create a national network of historic sites, stories, research fa-cilities, and educational programs con-nected to the modern African-Amer-ican civil rights movement. This legislation has also earned the strong support of the National Urban League, the National Trust for Historic Preservation, the National Parks Con-servation Association, and the NAACP. Mr. Speaker, let me also commend the gentleman from California for his support of this legislation that came out of his subcommittee. I appreciate his help and strong support of it. I look at this opportunity as some-thing that we should all want to em-brace the transformative power of the real American story. We should seize it. This bill advances that worthy goal for our Nation, and I urge my col-leagues to support this important act. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Utah (Mrs. L
OVE). Mrs. LOVE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman M
CCLINTOCK for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1927. Nearly a decade ago, the National Park Service, with the help of the Or-ganization of American Historians, completed a study to help identify sig-nificant sites related to the modern civil rights movement. Through this ef-fort, the National Park Service found that many sites with a connection to the movement had not been formally recognized and that many were in se-vere disrepair and at risk of being per-manently lost. This legislation establishes a net-work of sites to include all National Park Service’s units and programs, as well as other Federal, State, local, and privately owned properties for the Na-tional Register of Historic Places. A similar network was created pre-viously by Congress to identify and commemorate the sites and stories re-lated to the underground railroad. This bill would allow the National Park Service to build partnerships with other public and private entities to help preserve the remaining sites. As part of my religious beliefs, I be-lieve that knowing who you are, where you come from, is a foundation of knowing where you are and where you will be going. History teaches us important lessons that we need to learn and grow from. Because of great leaders like Martin Luther King, President Abraham Lin-coln, Rosa Parks, and many unsung he-roes, I am here today as a Member of Congress representing the great State of Utah. We can be proud of who we are and what we believe in, that all men are created equal in the eyes of God. It is imperative that here in the United States, that we don’t make peo-ple feel like victims, and that all Americans are not afraid of, but em-powered by, their history and our fu-ture. Mr. Speaker, I commend Representa-tive CLAY for his sponsorship of this bill, and I urge my colleagues to sup-port H.R. 1927. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time to close. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I would like to commend my colleague, Mrs. L
OVE from Utah. And it goes to show you that we can reach across the aisle and find common ground. I appre-ciate her support of this legislation, as well as I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I would like to reciprocate the kind words of the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. C
LAY). It has been a pleasure working with him on this bill. Shakespeare put it best: 
This story shall a good man teach his son. 
This bill tells that story of how the full measure of our Nation’s founding principles came to fruition. I would ask for Members’ support and adoption of this measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1927, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
CALLING FOR UNCONDITIONAL RE-LEASE OF U.S. CITIZENS AND PERMANENT RESIDENTS HELD FOR POLITICAL PURPOSES BY THE GOVERNMENT OF IRAN Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 317) calling for the unconditional release of United States citizens and legal perma-nent resident aliens being held for po-litical purposes by the Government of Iran, as amended. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.066 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6332 July 26, 2017 
The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The text of the resolution is as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 317 Whereas Iran has taken as hostages several United States citizens, including Siamak and Baquer Namazi and Xiyue Wang, as well as United States legal permanent resident, Nizar Zakka; Whereas Siamak Namazi was detained on October 15, 2015, falsely accused, and con-victed on October 18, 2016, for ‘‘collaborating with a hostile government’’ and has been held for extended periods in solitary confine-ment and under constant interrogation; Whereas former UNICEF official Baquer Namazi, the 80-year old father of Siamak Namazi, was detained on February 22, 2016, falsely accused, and sentenced to 10 years in prison for the same crime as his son; Whereas former United Nations Secretary- General Ban Ki-moon urged Iranian authori-ties to release Baquer Namazi, whose health status is deteriorating, to allow his family to care for him; Whereas UNICEF has issued four public statements on Baquer Namazi’s behalf; Whereas Xiyue Wang, a graduate student at Princeton University, was arrested in Iran on or about August 7, 2016, while studying Farsi and researching the late Qajar dynasty as background for his doctoral dissertation, detained by Iran in Evin prison for almost a year, falsely charged with espionage, and sentenced to 10 years in prison; Whereas Robert Levinson, a United States citizen and retired agent of the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation, traveled to Kish Is-land, Iran, and disappeared on March 9, 2007; Whereas the United States Government had ‘‘secured a commitment from the Ira-nians . . . to try and gather information about Mr. Levinson’s possible whereabouts’’ but has not received any information thus far; Whereas Nizar Zakka, a United States legal permanent resident alien and Lebanese national, who is also in a weakened physical state, was unlawfully detained around Sep-tember 18, 2015, after presenting at a con-ference in Iran at Iran’s invitation, and was later falsely charged with being a spy and sentenced to 10 years at the Evin prison; Whereas, on April 13, 2017, the Department of the Treasury sanctioned the Tehran Pris-ons Organization and its former head, Sohrab Soleimani, and White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer noted ‘‘The sanctions against human rights abusers in Iran’s pris-ons come at a time when Iran continues to unjustly detain in its prisons various for-eigners, including US citizens Siamak Namazi and Baquer Namazi’’; Whereas, on April 25, 2017, at the meeting of the Joint Commission overseeing imple-mentation of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, the Department of State reported that the United States delegation had ‘‘raised with the Iranian delegation its seri-ous concerns regarding the cases of U.S. citi-zens detained and missing in Iran, and called on Iran to immediately release these U.S. citizens so they can be reunited with their families’’; Whereas elements of the Iranian regime are reportedly using nationals, dual-nation-als, and permanent residents from the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, France, and other countries to exact polit-ical or financial concessions; and Whereas reports indicate that the Govern-ment of Iran is seeking additional payments or other concessions, including relief from economic sanctions, from the families of hostages and their governments as a condi-tion of release, a practice banned by the 1979 International Convention Against the Tak-ing of Hostages and other international legal norms: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the House of Representa-tives— (1) calls on the Government of the Islamic Republic of Iran to release unconditionally Siamak Namazi, Baquer Namazi, Xiyue Wang, Nizar Zakka, and any other United States citizen, legal permanent resident alien, or foreign national being unjustly de-tained in Iran; (2) urges the President to make the release of United States citizens and legal perma-nent resident aliens held hostage by the Gov-ernment of Iran the highest of priorities; (3) requests that the United States and its allies whose nationals have been detained consider establishing a multinational task force to secure the release of the detainees; (4) urges the Government of Iran to take meaningful steps towards fulfilling its re-peated promises to assist in locating and re-turning Robert Levinson, including imme-diately providing all available information from all entities of the Government of Iran regarding the disappearance of Robert Levinson to the United States Government; (5) encourages the President to take mean-ingful action to secure the release of Siamak Namazi, Baquer Namazi, Xiyue Wang, Nizar Zakka, and any other United States citizen, legal permanent resident alien, or foreign national being unjustly detained in Iran if the Government of Iran does not release such United States citizens, legal permanent resi-dent aliens, and foreign nationals; and (6) encourages the President to take mean-ingful action to secure the return of Robert Levinson if the Government of Iran does not locate and return him. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this particular resolu-tion calls for the unconditional release of American citizens and legal perma-nent residents that are being held as prisoners right now, being held in jail by the Iranian regime. I would like to begin by thanking the ranking member and the chair of our Middle East Subcommittee—and that is both Ms. I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN , the chair, who is with us, and Mr. T
ED D
EUTCH —for their tireless work on be-half of these victims and on behalf of the families. They have introduced this resolution along with Congresswoman N
ITALOWEY and Congressman Judge T
EDPOE. The reason for it, as you all know, is that Iran just continues to engage in this despicable practice of detaining people who are visiting Iran, and then they come up with fabricated criminal charges, and then these innocent peo-ple are held captive; but not just held captive, it is the brutal conditions which they find themselves in. When we have talked to those and they have shown us what they have been through, these former prisoners in Iran, these Americans, they describe being subjected to electric shock, to forced drug withdrawal, through whippings, solitary confinement, they are denied medical care oftentimes, and routinely forced to sleep on the floor, if they are permitted to sleep at all. Right now we have a number of U.S. citizens, Siamak and Baquer Namazi, Xiyue Wang, and U.S. permanent resi-dent Nizar Zakka. These U.S. citizens and permanent residents were imprisoned after being falsely accused of collaborating with a hostile government or accused of espio-nage. Their families are paralyzed with fear about how they are being treated. Why is Iran so intent on holding Americans on bogus politicized charges? It is because the Iranian regime be-lieves it can use detained Americans as leverage to demand concessions, like ransom or sanctions relief, in violation of the International Convention Against the Taking of Hostages. b1445 U.S. citizen Robert Levinson, he is still missing, and this is after 10 years. He disappeared 10 years ago in Iran, and Iran has not remotely fulfilled its commitment to try to help locate him. Our committee has held multiple hearings with these prisoners’ families, most recently yesterday, when family Members testified before our Middle East and North Africa Subcommittee, and we thank them for their bravery in sharing their stories. We stand in solidarity with these citizens and with their families as we call for their release. We can’t imagine the horror that one would be experi-encing, but our hearts are with you, and we are committed to advocate on behalf of you and your loved ones. H. Res. 317 calls on Iran to let these Americans, and all individuals being unjustly detained by Iran, come home. And it also calls on Iran to fulfill its many promises to help find Bob Levinson. It also urges the President to prioritize release of these captives and encourages him to take meaningful ac-tion to secure their release. Last week, the administration called on Iran to release these unjustly de-tained U.S. citizens, or to face new and serious consequences. We appreciate the administration’s actions so far and, with this resolution, urge continual at-tention to this matter until all of these prisoners have been safely returned to their families. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.068 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6333 July 26, 2017 
I rise in support of this measure. Let me thank Chairman R
OYCE , because here again is another piece of legisla-tion from the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee that we have shown we can work together within a bipartisan manner; so I am pleased to stand with the chairman. I am also pleased to stand with the gentlewoman from Florida, former chairman, and my good friend as well, I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN . She is now chair of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa, along with the resolution’s other lead sponsors, the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ), the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
EUTCH ), the Middle East and North Africa Subcommittee’s ranking member, and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE). We are here today to talk about Americans illegally detained by the Iranian regime, and those Americans have had no stronger champions than the Members I have mentioned before through the years. Mr. Speaker, it is just outrageous that the Government of Iran continues to hold American citizens and residents on trumped-up charges. Siamak Namazi and his 80-year-old father, a former UNICEF official in poor health; Baquer Namazi; Karan Vafadari, an American citizen, and his wife, Afarin Niasari; Nizar Zakka, who was detained after attending a con-ference at Iran’s invitation; another American citizen who has been kept anonymous by family for fear of that person’s well-being; and, of course, Robert Levinson, who disappeared in Iran more than 10 years ago. How cruel—10 years. His family doesn’t know where he is. His family doesn’t know how he is. This is a regime, the Iranian regime, which talks about piety and religion, and they don’t have any feeling of hu-mankind from one person to another. The detainment and disappearance of these people, and citizens of America’s friends and allies, the pain and suf-fering and uncertainty that their fami-lies endure every single day, and the lack of cooperation and information coming out of Tehran, are a pretty clear indication of how this regime op-erates and what its values are. The measure we are considering today underscores what Congress has said before: This behavior is unaccept-able, and it must stop. We call on the government in Iran to release these men and women immediately, without precondition. The people of Iran are the real cap-tives of this regime, but these Amer-ican citizens are our citizens, and we demand their release. The Government of Iran must do what it has long prom-ised by providing information on the disappearance of Robert Levinson, and we urge the Trump administration to make resolving this issue a top pri-ority. So I am glad to stand with my col-leagues on both sides to support this measure. I, again, thank my friend from Florida (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN ) for, as always, outstanding, stellar, and heartfelt work on these issues. I thank Chairman R
OYCE again, and all the people I mentioned before. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 6 minutes to the gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. R
OS- L
EHTINEN ), who chairs the Foreign Af-fairs Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa, the author of this measure. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman R
OYCE , as well as my good friend, the ranking member, Mr. E
NGEL , for their help in bringing H. Res. 317 to the floor today and for their tireless efforts to hold the Iranian re-gime accountable for all of its illicit activity, including the taking of Amer-ican citizens and U.S. legal permanent residents as hostages. They have been incredible supporters of this move-ment, and I thank them for their un-wavering support. Of course, I want to thank Ranking Member N
ITALOWEY for her help—I had the opportunity of meeting one of the family members with her before this presentation—and Judge P
OE, who is always at our side; and my south Florida colleague and my dear friend, T
EDDEUTCH , the ranking member on our Middle East and North Africa Sub-committee. We have all joined together in authoring and introducing this reso-lution. The resolution, Mr. Speaker, is im-portant for all of us. But for T
ED D
EUTCH , for my friend from south Flor-ida, I know how very personal this is for him because it is his constituent, Bob Levinson, who continues to be held by Iran 10 years after his disappear-ance. Just yesterday, Ted and I convened a hearing in our Middle East and North Africa Subcommittee with some of the family members who are named in this very resolution. Doug Levinson, for example, Bob’s youngest child, testified. Babak Namazi, son of Baquer and brother of Siamak testified. Omar Zakka, son of Nizar, testified. All three of them testified before our subcommittee, and their stories were moving, they were heartfelt, and they were heartbreaking. Each one, along with their families, forced to live in their own personal hell. In Doug Levinson’s case, Mr. Speak-er, he presented photos, emails, even videos of his father who, after more than 10 years, is the Nation’s longest held hostage in our history. What a sad distinction. We heard how Iran has reportedly and repeatedly failed to live up to its promise to assist in Bob’s case and help return him to his loved ones, including the five grandchildren that Bob has yet to meet. We heard Omar plead for his father’s life, as Nizar is now 1 month into his fifth hunger strike. But this time, Mr. Speaker, Nizar has vowed that there will be no turning back. Nizar says that he will continue with his hunger strike for himself and the others who are unjustly held by Iran, stating, it is ‘‘liberty or death; there is no turning back.’’ So can you imagine, Mr. Speaker, being 19 years old, a teenager, and he is testifying in front of us yesterday, and he is hearing his father say that he is willing to die in Iran in pursuit of truth and justice, and his throat was breaking as he is testifying in front of us. We also heard Babak distress over the health of his father and his broth-er, two loved ones. Mr. Namazi’s father has lost more than 30 pounds in Iran’s notorious prisons. He is 81 years old. He suffers from a severe heart condition. He had to be hospitalized twice in just the past few months. Babak fears that his father’s physical and mental condi-tion—they are both rapidly deterio-rating. His brother, he fears, has given up hope because of the horrific conditions he is being held under. He is kept in isolation. He is mentally abused. He is physically abused. That is horrifying. That is heartbreaking. Though we heard the sorrow in their voices, Mr. Speaker, we also heard defi-ance and determination. Defiant in ac-cepting the Iranian regime’s absurd claims against Bob, against Baquer, against Siamak, against Nizar; defiant in accepting that their fates are sealed, that there is nothing more that can be done; defiant in remaining silent as their loved ones suffer under the terror regime in Tehran. We saw their determination—deter-mination as each of the witnesses be-fore us yesterday vowed that their fight is not nearly over, that they re-main determined that they can force the return of their loved ones. And they looked to us, Mr. Speaker, they looked to us to use our positions as Members of the United States House of Representatives to pressure the Ira-nian regime to release all American citizens, all American legal permanent residents, unconditionally. They looked to us to demand that Iran be held accountable for its tactic of taking our people hostage in order to get financial or political conces-sions. They looked to us to stand up and to decry this practice for what it is—morally corrupt, ethically corrupt, and legally wrong. That is why N
ITA, and T ED, and Judge P
OE, and Chairman R OYCE , and Ranking Member E
NGEL , and I intro-duced this resolution before us today, and that is why Ted and I convened our hearing yesterday; and that is why, today, I am urging all of our colleagues to stand in solidarity with us, with the family members, with the hostages, and demand that Iran release all Amer-ican citizens and legal permanent resi-dents that it is holding hostage imme-diately and unconditionally. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:40 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.070 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6334 July 26, 2017 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. ROYCE of California. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 1 minute. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I hope that our colleagues will indeed stand with us. I hope that this resolu-tion sends a strong message to Iran that this practice will not be tolerated. And I hope that it sends a strong mes-sage to our own administration that Congress is heavily invested in the fate of Americans being held by Iran and that we will demand action to win their unconditional release, their im-mediate release. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, it is now my pleasure to yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ), my esteemed colleague, friend, and ranking member of the Appropria-tions Committee. We have districts that are adjoining. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I, too, want to thank my very good friends, Chairman E
DROYCE , Ranking Member E
LIOT ENGEL , my fellow New Yorker, and the strong advocate, I
LEANA ROS- L
EHTINEN . I want to thank them for ad-vancing this very important resolu-tion. I rise in strong support of H. Res. 317, which I introduced with my friends, Representatives I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN , T
EDDEUTCH , and T EDPOE. This resolu-tion calls for the unconditional release of U.S. citizens and legal permanent residents being held on baseless charges by the Government of Iran. Two of these prisoners, Siamek Namazi and Baquer Namazi, were pre-viously my constituents when they last lived in the United States. I have had the honor of getting to know Babak Namazi, the courageous brother and son of these two prisoners, who has tirelessly worked to free them from un-just imprisonment. While the Iranian Government con-tinues to try and exact concessions with these prisoners from the United States, Baquer Namazi, an 80-year-old former UNICEF leader, suffers from in-creasingly poor health in Evin Prison. A man who spent his entire life serving the world’s most vulnerable should not, cannot, spend his final years in such terrible conditions. But this is just one prisoner’s story. Each of the United States’ citizen and legal permanent resident prisoners is suffering while imprisoned on trumped- up charges. Each has family members who worry, every hour of the day, whether they will ever see their loved ones again. b1500 The United States must do all we can to ensure these prisoners return home. This resolution sends a strong message to the Government of Iran. These hei-nous attempts will not pay off. All of the prisoners must be released imme-diately. And Iran must fulfill its pre-vious promises to locate and return Representative D
EUTCH ’s constituent, Robert Levinson, a U.S. citizen missing in Iran since 2007. Mr. Speaker, once again, I thank ev-eryone who helped advance this resolu-tion. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE). He is the chair-man of the Foreign Affairs Sub-committee on Terrorism, Nonprolifera-tion, and Trade. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me time. I want to thank him and the ranking member for moving this legis-lation forward. Mr. Speaker, Iran is the number one state sponsor of terrorism in the whole world. Out of 195 countries, they are the worst country in the world when it comes to exporting terrorism. The mullahs in Tehran not only sup-port worldwide terrorist groups, ter-rorist groups that have American blood on their hands, they resort to terrorist tactics to extort and blackmail the American people. For decades, Iran has held American citizens in prisons unlawfully. They de-tain these Americans under the charge of espionage. We all know that this is just a ploy to extract concessions from the United States. Earlier this month, we learned that Iran threw another American citizen in jail last year. This time it was a Princeton Ph.D. student conducting re-search in Iran for his dissertation. This student is now being held in Iran’s most notorious prison, Evin Prison. If anyone thought that Iran was going to moderate as a result of the nuclear deal, these ongoing unlawful deten-tions are evidence to the contrary. Iran has been emboldened, and there is no indication they will stop this tac-tic of terror. We need to get the atten-tion of the barbaric mullahs that seem to take delight in imprisoning Ameri-cans and even Iranian citizens for po-litical reasons. We know at least eight Americans currently languish in Iranian jails. Iran is not content with just holding these Americans. They are actively working to extract payments and con-cessions from the United States, like sanctions relief, as a condition for their release. This is old-fashioned textbook extortion. This resolution will send a clear mes-sage to the mullahs: Release the Amer-icans and return them to their homes. Let the American hostages go. I was glad to see the new sanctions imposed by the Treasury in April on the Tehran Prisons Organization. More pressure is needed by our country. I urge the administration to spare no effort to secure the release of Amer-ican hostages. These hostages have been held by Iran too long, and Iran has proven that they do not respond very well to carrots. Since we gave away the courthouse and the mineral rights in the Iranian deal, maybe it is time we pull out the stick. As Teddy Roosevelt said: ‘‘Speak softly, and carry a big stick.’’ And that is just the way it is. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. KILDEE ), who has worked tire-lessly to free his constituent from the Iranian regime. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H. Res. 317, calling for the unconditional release of United States citizens held by Iran. Unfortunately, I am all too familiar with this issue. My constituent, and now my good friend, Amir Hekmati, a Marine veteran, was held by the Ira-nian regime in Evin Prison for 4
1⁄2bru-tal years. Thankfully, after a long struggle with the help of many voices across the country and across the world, includ-ing my friends, the ranking member and the chairman of this committee, who both used their good offices to ad-vance the interests of Mr. Hekmati, ul-timately he was freed. On January 16, 2016, he came home. But it is long past time for Iran to release those Americans that they are holding, particularly Mr. Levinson, with whom I became quite familiar and whose family I came to know during the period of time that I sought free-dom for Mr. Hekmati. Mr. Levinson’s family has endured 10 unspeakable years of anguish trying to bring their father and husband home. If Iran ever wants to be taken seri-ously in the global community, it has to stop this practice of taking innocent people as political prisoners, people like Amir Hekmati, people like Mr. Levinson, and those other Americans being held today. It is also important to note, both for us here in this body, across the coun-try, particularly for those watching in other parts of the world, including Iran, that there are times when we have divisions in this country. There are times when we have divisions in our government, even on the floor of this House of Representatives. This is not one of them. We stand absolutely united as Democrats, as Republicans, as Independents, as Americans, saying to the Iranian Government and speak-ing through the Iranian people to their government: You cannot take political prisoners and hold them and expect to be taken seriously as a member of the global community. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues, Democrats and Repub-licans, to send that strong message, to pass this resolution. I thank the spon-sors of this resolution. I thank the chair and ranking member for their leadership on this issue now, and par-ticularly at a time when my con-stituent most needed it, and I pray for the same success for those Americans that are being held now. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, yesterday this House spoke in no uncertain terms, in a bi-partisan fashion, about what we think of Iran’s dangerous and destabilizing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.071 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6335 July 26, 2017 
behavior. An overwhelming bipartisan majority voted to slap tough new sanc-tions on Iran for its ballistic missile program, for the regime’s support for terrorism, and for the awful record of human rights abuses against the Ira-nian people. Tehran should know that we mean business. We will not back down on any of these issues, and we certainly will not forget that Americans are being wrongfully held. I am glad to go on record once again, along with my colleagues, Chairman R
OYCE , ILEANA ROS-LEHTINEN , N ITA L
OWEY , everyone who has spoken today, shining a line on this abuse, to put it front and center in our foreign policy, to call on Iran’s leaders to re-lease these people, and to say they will not be forgiven as long as these people are unlawfully held. Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ I am happy that we are bringing this important issue to the fore, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would just say that the individuals that we are talking about, the Americans that are being held in captivity and their families, have been suffering for far too long. I think our country needs to take deci-sive action to secure their release, and I believe that we have got to make sure that Iran and all other hostile actors who would follow Iran down this road know that taking U.S. prisoners does not pay. I again thank Mr. E
NGEL and the gen-tlewoman and gentleman from Florida, I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN and T EDDEUTCH , for their leadership, along with N
ITA L
OWEY and T EDPOE. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this resolution as the next step toward bringing these innocent people back home to the United States, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 317, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolu-tion, as amended, was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material in the consideration of H.R. 3219, and that I may include tabular material on the same. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. R
OS- L
EHTINEN ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from New Jer-sey? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 473 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 3219. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. BOST) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b1511 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 3219) making appropriations for the Depart-ment of Defense for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2018, and for other purposes, with Mr. B
OSTin the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. General debate shall be confined to the bill and not exceed 2 hours equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Appropriations. The gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ) each will control 60 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I yield myself 6 minutes. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to present an amendment to H.R. 3219, the Make America Secure Appropriations Act. This legislative package provides crit-ical appropriations for national secu-rity, including for the Department of Defense, the Department of Veterans Affairs, the Department of Energy’s nuclear programs, and the Legislative Branch bill. My colleagues, this is the primary constitutional duty of the Congress: to ensure the safety of the homeland and the American people. This legislation is carefully crafted to meet that responsibility: funding our critical military priorities, sup-porting veterans, and making our bor-ders more secure. The core of this package is full-year funding for the Department of Defense and the intelligence community. I thank Chairwoman G
RANGER for her leadership. In total, the Defense portion of the bill provides $658.1 billion for these functions, an increase of $68.1 billion in base discretionary funding above the fiscal year 2017 enacted levels. There is no doubt that this is a sig-nificant increase from the current spending levels, and certainly from the last 8 years. But this increase is vitally important to continue the process we started this spring: to rebuild, repair, and re-equip our Armed Forces that we started in the 2017 appropriations pack-age. b1515 Mr. Chairman, Secretary of Defense Mattis has quite correctly made readi-ness and modernization of our forces his top priorities. It is a fact today that we have too many aircraft that cannot fly, too many ships that cannot sail, and too many troops who cannot deploy either because they are not properly trained or there are not enough of them. So how did we get there? Because in recent years, we have been just getting by—reducing investments in our mili-tary as the world becomes more dan-gerous, and avoiding tough choices. The package before us today will sus-tain a much-needed rebuilding of our military after a half decade of cuts, while our troops remained in constant combat, as they do today. We provided prioritized funding to necessary but unfunded equipment and weapons platforms. We have boosted missile defense, a program that has taken on critical importance as North Korea, unabatedly, tries to marry its nuclear warheads with new ballistic missiles. We increased funding for the vital training that prepares our warfighter for any contingency. This legislation also supports our military families. After all, they serve, too. We included a 2.4 percent pay increase for our serv-icemen and -women, the largest such raise in 8 years, and they deserve it. Within the Military Construction and Veterans portion of this bill—and I thank Chairman DENT for his leader-ship—military infrastructure funding has increased by 25 percent above cur-rent levels. We continue our efforts to rebuild our Armed Forces by ensuring that our warfighters have the support they need. We cannot forget those who have served. This measure increases funding to the Department of Veterans Affairs to 5 percent over current levels to pro-vide veterans and their families with access to medical care and other bene-fits they have earned and deserve. Within the Energy and Water section of this legislation—I thank Chairman S
IMPSON for his leadership—funding is prioritized for critical nuclear pro-grams that will help strengthen our se-curity and deter threats around the globe. We also support the maintenance of our Nation’s waterways and support the work of the Army Corps to also en-sure the resilience and security of our electricity infrastructure. We recommit to opening Yucca Mountain as a safe and secure location to permanently store the Nation’s nu-clear fuel and high-level radioactive wastes, and we promote basic science programs, which lay the foundation for new energy technologies. Finally, Mr. Chairman, this package also includes funding for important legislative branch functions—and I thank Chairman Y
ODER for his leader-ship—improving security to ensure 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.073 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6336 July 26, 2017 
that our Members, our staffs, and visi-tors to this wonderful Capitol complex are always well protected. Mr. Chairman, before I close, I offer thanks to members of the Appropria-tions Committee for their hard work and tough decisions over the past few months producing two appropriations bills, fiscal year 2017 and 2018, in less than 3 months. As you know, we received the Presi-dent’s budget on May 23, just over 2 months ago, and since then, we have worked nonstop to put all 12 bills through the committee in record time. Each and every one of these bills de-serves to be sent to the President’s desk. I look forward to completing our work on all of our bills. I also would like to extend my per-sonal thanks to the entire committee and to our remarkable staff for their hard work on these bills and the eight yet to come. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.075 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6337 July 26, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.075 H26JYPT1
Insert offset folio 529/1 here EH26JY17.001dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6338 July 26, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.075 H26JYPT1
Insert offset folio 529/2 here EH26JY17.002dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6339 July 26, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.075 H26JYPT1
Insert offset folio 529/3 here EH26JY17.003dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6340 July 26, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.075 H26JYPT1
Insert offset folio 529/4 here EH26JY17.004dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6341 July 26, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.075 H26JYPT1
Insert offset folio 529/5 here EH26JY17.005dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6342 July 26, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.075 H26JYPT1
Insert offset folio 529/6 here EH26JY17.006dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6343 July 26, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.075 H26JYPT1
Insert offset folio 529/7 here EH26JY17.007dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6344 July 26, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.075 H26JYPT1
Insert offset folio 529/8 here EH26JY17.008dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6345 July 26, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.075 H26JYPT1
Insert offset folio 529/9 here EH26JY17.009dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6346 July 26, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.075 H26JYPT1
Insert offset folio 529/10 here EH26JY17.010dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6347 July 26, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.075 H26JYPT1
Insert offset folio 529/11 here EH26JY17.011dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6348 July 26, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.075 H26JYPT1
Insert offset folio 529/12 here EH26JY17.012dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6349 July 26, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.075 H26JYPT1
Insert offset folio 529/13 here EH26JY17.013dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6350 July 26, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.075 H26JYPT1
Insert offset folio 529/14 here EH26JY17.014dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6351 July 26, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.075 H26JYPT1
Insert offset folio 529/15 here EH26JY17.015dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6352 July 26, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.075 H26JYPT1
Insert offset folio 529/16 here EH26JY17.016dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6353 July 26, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.075 H26JYPT1
Insert offset folio 529/17 here EH26JY17.017dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6354 July 26, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.075 H26JYPT1
Insert offset folio 529/18 here EH26JY17.018dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6355 July 26, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.075 H26JYPT1
Insert offset folio 529/19 here EH26JY17.019dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6356 July 26, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.075 H26JYPT1
Insert offset folio 529/20 here EH26JY17.020dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6357 July 26, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.075 H26JYPT1
Insert offset folio 529/21 here EH26JY17.021dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6358 July 26, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.075 H26JYPT1
Insert offset folio 529/22 here EH26JY17.022dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6359 July 26, 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.075 H26JYPT1
Insert offset folio 529/23 here EH26JY17.023dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6360 July 26, 2017 
Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chair, I yield my-self 4 minutes. Typically, the Legislative Branch, Military Construction and Veterans Af-fairs, Energy and Water, and Defense bills would be debated and amended by the full House individually. Regret-tably, we are debating this $790 billion so-called security minibus in only 2 hours for some reason other than ne-cessity. Substantive amendments cho-sen at the discretion of the chairman of the Rules Committee will be debated for 10 minutes. We also expect $1.6 bil-lion in border wall funding to be added through a rules gimmick meant to pre-vent an up-or-down vote on the wall. The undemocratic maneuver by the Rules Committee to unilaterally re-move Congresswoman B
ARBARA LEE’s amendment to debate a new AUMF, which received bipartisan support in the committee, is simply outrageous. All the promises of Republican leader-ship of returning to regular order have been broken. I do, however, want to thank Chair-man F
RELINGHUYSEN for conducting business in the Appropriations Com-mittee markups fairly and collegially, as the minority offered amendments late into the night. On top of the many procedural in-equities, however, the majority’s in-creased defense spending is a mirage. Shattering budget control caps would trigger automatic, across-the-board cuts of 13 percent to every defense ac-count. Yet, the majority pretends the sequester, which would cut $72 billion in defense funding in this bill, isn’t real. I want to make it very clear that Democrats are ready to work with our Republican colleagues to raise the caps on defense, but we must also raise the caps on important domestic priorities. Playing politics with the bill that funds the troops by inserting the toxic border wall into it is really beyond the pale. Why not include the FBI, or the en-tire Homeland Security bill? If the in-tention is to pass security-related bills, securing our homeland goes beyond the Department of Defense and our own budgets in the legislative branch. The Republican approach to funding our government for FY18 all but guar-antees a short-term, if not a full-year, continuing resolution—just like every year. Democratic votes will be needed to enact appropriation law, and I really do hope we will soon start to work to-gether again to invest responsibly in both defense and nondefense priorities to grow the economy, create jobs, and secure the country. As I conclude, I want to thank our distinguished chairman, Mr. F
RELING -
HUYSEN , and his outstanding staff, as well as my outstanding staff. The CHAIR. The time of the gentle-woman has expired. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chair, I yield my-self an additional 1 minute. However, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill which would waste $1.6 billion on Trump’s border wall, use fraudulent defense numbers, gut critical investments in clean en-ergy, include poison-pill riders, and leave the remaining spending bills with no path forward. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair, I am pleased to yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. ROG-
ERS), the former chairman of the full committee and now the chairman of the State, Foreign Operations, and Re-lated Programs Subcommittee. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Chair-man, thank you for yielding the time. Congratulations to you on your maiden voyage in this role that you are occu-pying—very expertly, I might add. Dur-ing the forced march that we under-took in the committee for the last 3 weeks, clearing all 12 bills through the full committee in a historically record time, we had a good drill sergeant, Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN . Thank you for doing a great job. We held 74 oversight and budget hear-ings, heard from over 400 witnesses, with the overarching goal that each of the 12 bills we passed out of our com-mittee addressed the needs of our con-stituents. I am proud to say that these bills do just that—advance our na-tional defense and secure our borders, take care of our veterans, provide crit-ical infrastructure funding, increase re-sources to combat the opioid epidemic, maintain our presence as a leader in global diplomacy—all the while main-taining fiscal discipline. I am disappointed that we won’t con-sider all 12 of these bills before the Au-gust recess, but this security package is an important step forward. It will ensure that we, as the Congress, uphold our most sacred responsibility to pro-vide for our Nation’s common defense. Under the previous administration, our Department of Defense faced need-less uncertainty. I am proud that we are now turning the tide, providing our troops and their commanders with the necessary resources to respond to threats from countries like Russia, China, and Iran, as well as crush the violent extremists who wish to do us harm. As promised to the American people, we are rebuilding and modernizing our military as an international power-house by better equipping our troops, strengthening counterterrorism ef-forts, and reestablishing confidence with our allies. At a time when our en-emies continue to advance around the globe, the U.S. must remain at the forefront of military readiness and ad-vanced technology to strengthen na-tional defense at home and abroad. This bill also maintains our commit-ment to those brave men and women after their service has come to a close, providing for greater oversight and ac-countability at the VA and modern-izing electronic health records to help our veterans receive the high quality of care they deserve. I am also pleased that this legisla-tion includes the Energy and Water Ap-propriations bill, which funds many of our national security interests and builds upon our country’s essential in-frastructure needs. In particular, this bill protects the Appalachian Regional Commission, ARC, from proposed elimination, and ensures that its crit-ical programs will continue in our hardest hit Appalachian coal commu-nities. Since 1965, ARC has led efforts to in-novate, partner, and invest in the re-gion to build community capacity and strengthen economic growth. These in-vestments have led to the creation of thousands of new jobs. It has improved local water and sewer systems, im-proved our schools, increased access to healthcare, and provided critical as-sistance to emerging businesses. After 8 years of strangulation by regulation in the Obama administration’s war on coal, Appalachia needs the ARC now more than ever. Mr. Chairman, thank you again for allowing me to speak on behalf of this bill. Is it everything we wanted? No. It is critical that we prioritize our na-tional security, and that is what this bill does. Mr. Chairman, the motto of our Ap-propriations Committee is this: ‘‘A vi-sion without funding is a halluci-nation.’’ Now we have got a visionary leader in our chairman, but we have got to provide the funding to make the dreams that we have come true, and that is what Appropriations does. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 6 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ). Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I thank Ranking Member L
OWEY for the time, and I also thank Chairman F
RELING -
HUYSEN on his maiden voyage—not his first voyage, but his first as chair of the full committee—and the members of our fine subcommittee, and espe-cially the staff. I want to thank Chairman S
IMPSON  for his fine leadership and value the hard work that he put into this bill and his congeniality throughout the proc-ess. I also want to thank our staff on both sides of the aisle for the many hours of hard work and dedication: Taunja Berquam on our side, Donna Shahbaz for the majority, and TJ Lowdermilk on my own staff. I appreciate that the chairman has allowed robust funding to the Corps of Engineers, which translates into real jobs from coast to coast. b1530 I also am pleased that this bill re-stores the more than $900 million that the administration proposed to cut from the science account and provides reasonable funding for energy-saving weatherization in both cold and hot cli-mates across our Nation. Unfortunately, the artificially low allocation has forced the chairman to make deep cuts to some of the most 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.076 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6361 July 26, 2017 
important programs in the bill, most notably the Office of Energy Efficiency & Renewable Energy. Too many here in Washington have been fooled by the rhetoric that poses a false choice between the environment and the economy. But, today, 288,000 Americans work in auto industry sup-ply chain jobs manufacturing the parts that make vehicles cleaner and more fuel efficient. In addition, 360,000 peo-ple work in the solar industry. The sin-gle fastest growing job in America is wind turbine technician. An invest-ment in clean energy is an investment in American jobs and our future. The response of this bill? An 83 percent cut from the Vehicle Technologies Office—now that is a backwards move; A 60 percent cut to the Advanced Manufacturing Office—and this Mem-ber is unwilling to see that turn to the Chinese; A 57 percent cut to solar energy—one of the fastest growing job sectors in our country; A 65 percent cut to wind energy; and ARPA–E, the most complex new en-ergy technologies, zero; the program is eliminated. These cuts cede the future to offshore competitors who are hacking into our intellectual property and the bank ac-counts of firms involved in these indus-tries hundreds of times a month trying to coopt their energy technology that American taxpayers have helped to de-velop. In an era where Wall Street chases short-term quarterly profits and ever- improving earnings reports, we owe it to our constituents and to our progeny to play the long game—making invest-ments that may take decades to pay off, but they will. The longtime horizon in large initial capital investments of the energy sector for America means that, more than any other, path-break-ing energy research needs Federal sup-port until it becomes commercially viable because energy research is com-plex. Though energy is an overlooked in-gredient in economic supremacy, those nations that master its dimensions are leading in economic growth. For decades, American Presidents have made statements targeting en-ergy independence. That makes na-tional security sense. But this year, that target is finally in sight. A recent Energy Information Administration re-port expects the United States to be a net energy exporter by 2026. The De-partment of Energy deserves great credit for bringing us to this point. Beginning back in the old 1970s and eighties when this all got started, it took 30 years of Department of Energy support in concert with the private sec-tor to unleash the fracking revolution that has helped change our world dra-matically. Where was that technology developed? At the Department of En-ergy, and it didn’t happen in a year or 2. It took years. The next revolution will be the clean energy revolution. We must not forfeit that game. Finally, I would like to raise my con-cerns over the controversial riders that threaten not only the ultimate enact-ment of this bill, but also our most pre-cious resource: water. Exempting the repeal of the Clean Water Rule from the Administrative Procedure Act cedes far too much authority to the ex-ecutive branch and is something that I cannot support. For that reason, and for the draco-nian cuts to clean energy, I must urge my colleagues to oppose the Energy and Water portion of this spending package. When those concerns are rolled together with busting the spend-ing caps and building an expensive bor-der wall that doesn’t keep us safe or solve our immigration needs, I believe that there is no excuse for any Demo-crat to support the overall bill before us. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I am pleased to yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. G
RANGER ) who is the chair of the De-fense Subcommittee. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, today we consider the Make America Secure Appropriations Act which includes the Defense Appropriations bill for fiscal year 2018. I ask all Members for their support of this very important legisla-tion. Congress’ number one responsibility is to provide for the defense of this Na-tion. It is this bill that fulfills that most fundamental constitutional duty. This is urgent because the world is more dangerous and unstable than any time in recent history. North Korea is increasing the fre-quency of their missile tests, threat-ening American soil and our allies. On the Fourth of July, they launched an intercontinental ballistic missile. Russia continues to create insta-bility in Ukraine, the Baltics, and the Balkans. They recklessly support and protect President Assad, the tyrant who has murdered thousands of Syrian men, women, and children. These ac-tions hinder our fight against ISIS. China is militarizing the South China Sea and modernizing their military at an alarming pace. Just this week, Chi-nese fighter jets flew close to a U.S. re-connaissance aircraft in an aggressive and dangerous manner. Iran is increasing its influence in Iraq, Syria, and Yemen, and they re-main hostile. Just yesterday, an Ira-nian vessel pursued a U.S. Navy ship at a high speed in the Persian Gulf, forc-ing our ship to fire warning shots to halt the aggression. Meanwhile, ISIS and al-Qaida terror-ists continue to spread their perverted version of Islam across Europe, Africa, Asia, and the Middle East. All of our adversaries are acting in an aggressive and emboldened manner. We must ensure that the U.S. military is prepared to confront anyone who threatens us. This can only be done by reversing the years of budget insta-bility, sequestration, and continuous cuts. Since becoming chair, I have made it my priority to listen first and foremost to our defense and intelligence experts, and this bill before you reflects their expert advice. This bill provides Sec-retary of Defense Mattis the resources he needs to rebuild our military and form a new national defense strategy. It has been an honor to work with my ranking member, Mr. VISCLOSKY , who has played a valuable role in this proc-ess. I want to thank Mr. F
RELING -
HUYSEN , Ranking Member L OWEY , and all the members of the Defense Sub-committee for their involvement and their contributions. I would also like to thank the staff of the Defense Subcommittee: Jennifer Miller, Sherry Young, Walter Hearne, Brooke Boyer, B.G. Wright, Adrienne Ramsay, Allison Deters, Cornell Teaugue, Collin Lee, and Matt Bower; as well as Rebecca Leggieri, Jennifer Chartrand, and Chris Bigelow on the minority staff. From the personal staff, I thank Johnnie Kaberle, Jason Schenck, Joe DeVooght, and Adam Kahnke. In closing, I must remind the House of Joint Chief of Staff Chairman Dunford’s words when he told us that ‘‘without sustained, sufficient, and pre-dictable funding, I assess that within 5 years we will lose our ability to project power; the basis of how we defend the homeland, advance U.S. interests, and meet our alliance commitments.’’ To ensure this doesn’t happen, the bill includes $28.6 billion above the President’s request for a National De-fense Restoration Fund. We must keep this funding intact. We need to heed Secretary Mattis’ warning and give our military what it needs—no less. This is not a partisan issue. Again, I ask all my colleagues for their support. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 6 minutes to the dis-tinguished gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD ) who is the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Homeland Security. Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Chair-man, it is difficult to understand how a Make America Secure Appropriations minibus does not include the bill for the Department of Homeland Security which is responsible for security at our borders, security in the coastal mari-time environment, security for air and surface transportation, security of cyber networks and critical infrastruc-ture, and helping State and local juris-dictions prepare for, prevent, and re-spond to terrorist attacks and natural disasters. Instead of including the entire DHS funding bill in the minibus, the major-ity is expected to use a second rule to insert just one part of that bill—fund-ing for the President’s border wall—ig-noring much more pressing and imme-diate security needs. Furthermore, because the Depart-ment has failed to submit to Congress a required report laying out the long- term plan and justification for border 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.079 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6362 July 26, 2017 
infrastructure, Members of Congress are unable to responsibly evaluate the long-term border security strategy and comprehensively assess its costs, bene-fits, and trade-offs. Given this enormous $1.6 billion ini-tial price tag, Members should, at a minimum, have the opportunity to vote on it separately and in the con-text of the entire Homeland Security bill. I submitted an amendment to pro-hibit the use of funds for border wall construction, and I hope the Rules Committee will make it in order. While I do not support the DHS bill in its current form, I firmly believe the House would be in a stronger position to make a more informed and respon-sible decision on how best to invest these $1.6 billion in the context of de-bating and amending the entire De-partment of Homeland Security fund-ing bill. For example, instead of using $1.6 bil-lion of taxpayer money for just 74 miles of border wall, we could pay for the first two heavy Coast Guard ice-breakers which are critically needed to help the United States better counter the ever-increasing Russian presence in the Arctic. Or we could invest in additional tech-nology and hire thousands of new cus-toms officers at every air, land, and sea port of entry in the United States, re-ducing wait times for travelers, better facilitating the flow of commerce and contributing to economic growth. This would also enhance our ability to intercept more illegal narcotics and other contraband because, contrary to what some may think, the vast major-ity of the worst illicit drugs flowing into our country arrive through the ports of entry, not between the ports. In 2016, 86 percent of the heroin and 81 percent of the cocaine and meth-amphetamine came through the ports of entry. In other words, more physical barriers at the border—in addition to the 654 miles of fencing already in place—is a misguided and ineffective strategy to address drug smuggling. In addition to the fact that we could be using these $1.6 billion for more pressing security needs, I am concerned that, by including only border wall funding from the DHS Appropriations bill, we would be sending a terrible message to frontline homeland secu-rity personnel—many of whom rou-tinely put their personal safety at risk to serve our country—that the Presi-dent’s border wall is more important than all the work they do. Mr. Chairman, when it comes to the security of our Nation and the Amer-ican people, we in Congress have an ob-ligation to act in their best interests and to invest their tax dollars wisely. If the only homeland security item in this bill is funding for 74 miles of bor-der wall, we will fail to meet that obli-gation. This bill should not include funding for a border wall, and the House should have an opportunity to vote on this funding in the context of the entire Homeland Security funding bill. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this bill. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man I am pleased to yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. S
IMP-
SON) who is the chair of the Energy and Water Development and Related Agen-cies Subcommittee on Appropriations. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, it is my distinct honor to bring the fiscal year 2018 Energy and Water bill before you today. Before I go into the details, I would like to recognize Chairman F
RELING -
HUYSEN . It is because of his leadership and unswerving commitment to the ap-propriations process that our com-mittee has managed to bring 12 bills through the full committee process and have them ready for consideration by the House. I would also like to thank Ranking Members L
OWEY and K APTUR . As al-ways, their thoughtful approach to issues has made this a better bill. The bill totals $37.6 billion, which is $209 million less than last year’s level and $3.2 billion above the request. b1545 Increases over last year are targeted to those areas where they are needed most: to provide for our Nation’s de-fense and support our Nation’s infra-structure. The bill provides strong support for the Department of Energy’s national defense programs. Weapons activities is funded at $10.24 billion, up $921 mil-lion from last year’s level, to keep our Nation’s nuclear deterrent reliable and effective. This increase will fully fund the on-going stockpile life extension programs and will make substantial progress to-ward addressing the continued deterio-ration of infrastructure across the en-terprise. The recommendations for Naval Reactors is $1.49 billion, and in-cludes full funding for the Columbia- class ballistic missile submarine, for-merly referred to as the Ohio-class re-placement. Additionally, the bill provides fund-ing increases across the Department of Energy to defend against cyber attacks and, within Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability, to strengthen en-ergy sector cybersecurity preparedness, response, and recovery. This bill addresses the critical infra-structure work of the Army Corps of Engineers, providing a total of $6.2 bil-lion, an increase of $120 million more than last year. This recommendation makes full use of all annual revenues from the Inland Waterways Trust Fund. The harbor maintenance trust fund activities are funded at $1.34 billion, which is $40 million more than fiscal year 2017, an increase of $375 million above the budget request, and the same as the WRDA target. The bill provides $74 million more than last year for flood and storm dam-age reduction activities. This is a responsibile bill, one that makes some difficult choices in order to prioritize the most critical Federal programs. As a result, as has been men-tioned already, this bill eliminates the Advanced Research Projects Agency- Energy—or ARPA–E, as it is known— and the title 17 loan guarantee pro-gram of the Department of Energy, as proposed by the President. I realized some people are concerned about that. These are programs that I happen to like also. But this is what happens when you are $20 trillion in debt: you have to make tough choices. And that is what the Appropriations Committee is doing: making some of the difficult choices that we have to make. This bill includes a number of tar-geted investments above the budget re-quest to ensure a secure, independent, and prosperous energy future. Mr. Chairman, this is a strong bill that will protect our national security interests, address our most pressing in-frastructure needs, and advance our economy. I urge everyone to support it. I would like to thank the staff of the Energy and Water Committee, both ranking and minority members, and of the full committee, for the work they have done in making sure we can get this bill to the floor. Again, I urge Members to support this bill. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 6 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. R
YAN), the distinguished ranking member of the Subcommittee on the Legislative Branch. Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, while I rise to oppose this appropria-tions package, even though the Legis-lative Branch division of this package is worthy of our support, I commend Chairman Y
ODER both for the product and for the way he reached across the aisle to work with me and other mem-bers of our committee and the minor-ity in this process. For all of their hard work, I would also like to thank Liz Dawson, who is on their team; Jenny Panone and Tim Monahan from the Legislative Branch minority staff; Joe Eannello from Chairman Y
ODER ’s office; Adam Berg on the minority staff; and Anne Sokolov and Ryan Keating on my team. This year’s Legislative Branch appro-priations bill would, among other things, allow us to catch up on some deferred maintenance in our buildings; invest in information technology to modernize the Library of Congress, Congressional Research Service, and Copyright Office; and adjust to the new cybersecurity environment faced here in the United States Congress. I am also pleased to see that this bill provides additional funds for the Ser-geant at Arms and the Capitol Police to increase congressional security in the wake of the tragic shooting at our congressional baseball practice several months back. Our goal is to give them the re-sources they need to maintain the se-curity on the Capitol campus and in-crease their coverage of Members and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.080 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6363 July 26, 2017 
gatherings of Members that might be targeted. It is the responsibility of the House to look out for our safety and the safety of our constituents and staff, and the funding included in this bill is a step in the right direction. There are things I hope we can im-prove on as the bill moves forward. For example, I would like to see more money for personnel at the Library and CRS, not just for information tech-nology; and more for the Government Accountability Office, which is flat- funded in this budget. Because of infla-tion, GAO will have 200 fewer employ-ees than expected at the end of the year. GAO’s audits and investigations root out waste, fraud, and abuse in govern-ment, something that we all agree upon here should be done. With the Trump administration resisting all of this oversight, GAO is more important today than it ever has been. While I would support the Legislative Branch bill if it came to the floor on its own, unfortunately, we are not con-sidering it on its own. I oppose tying $1.6 billion of wasted taxpayer money for President Trump’s border wall to the Legislative Branch bill. We need bipartisan, comprehen-sive immigration reform, which would include smarter, more effective en-forcement of our laws. A few years ago, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office said immi-gration reform would reduce our deficit by $900 billion and increase real GDP growth by over 3 percent. But simply building a ridiculous wall that faces opposition from both Democrats and Republicans won’t do anything for our economy, and it isn’t even a cost-effec-tive way to strengthen enforcement. Besides, we were told repeatedly over the course of the last 18 months that Mexico would pay for the wall. They would ask the President: Who is going to pay for the wall? Mexico is going to pay for the wall. Why is there a single dime of Amer-ican taxpayer money for a border wall that President Trump promised Mexico would finance? I oppose the Republicans’ partisan budget strategy. By refusing to work with Democrats on a bipartisan budget deal that raises the Budget Control Act caps, Republicans are seriously risking some combination of sequestration, stopgap funding bills, government shutdown, and a catastrophic default on our national debt. Nondefense discretionary spending is one-sixth of the Federal budget. Having already cut it to the bone, they are now sawing off the limbs. The Labor, Health and Human Serv-ices, and Education Appropriations bill; the Transportation bill; and the Financial Services bill that funds con-sumer protections and regulation of big banks will all see big cuts because of the draconian spending caps. Today’s package will squeeze out in-vestments in our infrastructure, jobs programs, early childhood education, scientific research, and all the things that need to be priorities. We are turn-ing our backs on working families across the country who depend on these programs every day. We all believe in the free market sys-tem. We all believe in capitalism. We all want to reward risk-takers and pro-vide a good environment for growth for those men and women who will make the investments to hire the workers. But capitalism is not a perfect system. It is these programs in this bill that we need to fund to make sure that we grow the entire economy, that we have sustained growth, we invest in edu-cation, we invest in research, and we invest in transportation infrastructure, in order for us to grow the economy. As former Appropriations Chairman David Obey used to say, those pro-grams were about ‘‘knocking the rough edges off of capitalism.’’ On this side of the aisle, we believe making those in-vestments is best for the economy. That is what is at stake. Yes, we must adequately fund de-fense, veterans programs, and the legis-lative branch of government. But that can’t come at the expense of every-thing else. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 5 minutes to the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. D
ENT), chairman of the Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Subcommittee on Appropriations. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, the Appro-priations Act before you today in-cludes, in division C, appropriations for Military Construction, Veterans Af-fairs, and Related Agencies for Fiscal Year 2018. Division C is exactly the same as the MILCON–VA bill reported favorably out of the full committee on June 15. Thanks to the leadership of Chair-man R
ODNEY FRELINGHUYSEN from New Jersey, Ranking Member N
ITALOWEY  from New York, and the partnership of Ranking Member D
EBBIE WASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ from Florida, this will provide necessary funding for the Department of Veterans Affairs and military con-struction projects. We were able to in-clude the vast majority of the sub-committee’s over 1,000 Member re-quests. This division demonstrates our firm commitment to fully supporting our Nation’s veterans and servicemembers. The total investment is $89 billion for Military Construction, VA, and Re-lated Agencies, which is $6 billion above last year’s level. This division provides comprehensive support for servicemembers, military families, and veterans. We must make infrastructure investments if we value readiness. This bill increases military construction by 25 percent over last year’s level, delivering on our promise to the troops in line with the Presi-dent’s focus on national defense. It supports our troops with the facili-ties and services necessary to maintain readiness and morale at bases here in the States and overseas. It provides for Defense Department schools and health clinics that take care of our military families. This division funds our veteran healthcare systems to ensure that our promise to care for those who have sac-rificed in defense of this great Nation continues as those men and women re-turn home. We owe this to our vet-erans, and we are committed to sus-tained oversight so that programs de-liver what they promise and taxpayers are well-served by the investments we make. The staff deserves credit for the sus-tained work and very long hours. I would like to recognize Sue Quantius, Sarah Young, Tracey Russell, Maureen Holohan, and Matt Washington on the committee staff, and Sean Snyder on my personal staff. On the military construction piece, this division provides a total of $10.2 billion for military construction projects and family housing, including base and overseas contingency oper-ations funding, an increase over last year’s level and $197 million below the President’s request. This funding meets DOD’s most crit-ical needs, including priority projects for the combatant commanders and funding new mission requirements. It provide $737 million for military medical facilities. It provides $249 mil-lion for Department of Defense edu-cation facilities for construction of renovation of four schools. It supports our Guard and Reserves through $575 million for facilities in 22 States. It also funds military family housing at $1.4 billion. It provides $178 million for the NATO Security Investment Program, which is $24 million over the President’s request, to deal with in-creasing threats and necessary invest-ments overseas. Given all that is hap-pening by Russia’s very bad behavior in Eastern Europe and elsewhere, this in-vestment is absolutely essential. We were able to also include an addi-tional $439 million in the services’ un-funded priorities, which are priority projects that were not included in the budget request. It is very important to many Members of this body. On Veterans Affairs, the legislation includes a total of $78.3 billion in dis-cretionary funding for the Department of Veterans Affairs. That is a $3.9 bil-lion increase, or 5 percent, above fiscal year 2017 level. It is the highest level of VA funding ever provided. On VA medical care, the bill funds it at $69 billion, the full request, includ-ing an additional $2.6 billion beyond the advanced appropriations to cover unanticipated needs. Many Members expressed concerns about medical care issues, and were able to fully fund the budget request for mental health serv-ices at $8.4 billion; suicide prevention outreach at $186 million; homeless vet-erans treatment, services, housing, and job training at $7.3 billion; opioid abuse prevention at $50 million—we began that in the omnibus last year—rural health initiatives at $250 million; and caregiver stipends at $604 million. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.082 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6364 July 26, 2017 
b1600 We repeat last year’s bill language regarding improved standards for the suicide prevention hotline. For dis-ability claims processing, again an-other issue very important to so many Members in this body, but particularly to our veterans who are seeking serv-ices from the VA, or benefits, we pro-vide $2.9 billion, which is $50 million over the request. As the number of dis-ability applications increases, we need to be vigilant to be sure that the claims backlog doesn’t reappear. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. S
MITH of Ne-braska). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, this legislation also contains $65 million, as requested, as VA switches gears and moves from modernizing its own aging electronic health record to acquiring the record DOD is using. The bill continues to in-clude language restricting most of the funding until the VA meets milestones and certifies interoperability to meet statutory requirements. Our bill increases the request for VA research funding by $58 million, to a total of $698 million, recognizing strong congressional interest in the VA’s re-search to combat devastating condi-tions like PTSD and traumatic brain injury. In major construction, we continue oversight of those projects, holding back funding until it has contracted for outside management. In closing, I ask Members to support this important piece of legislation. It is very important to our servicemem-bers, our veterans, and their families. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. P
ELOSI ), the Democratic leader. Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman from New York, the dis-tinguished ranking member of the Ap-propriations Committee, for yielding, and more importantly, for her great leadership to advance the values of our country in allocation of resources. And I always admire the work of Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN , our distinguished chairman, as well. We may have a mat-ter of disagreement here today, though. Mr. Chair, all of us, Members of Con-gress, all elected officials, people who serve in any office, take a solemn oath to support and defend the Constitution, and that is an oath to protect the American people. Democrats, indeed all Americans, be-lieve in a strong national defense. We believe in strong investments in our defense and in our brave men and women in uniform, in particular. But far from strengthening our secu-rity, the falsely inflated numbers in this spending bill will create uncer-tainty for our military and hollow out America’s communities at home. We face serious threats in the world. We know that. Those threats demand serious consideration in Congress. We should be making serious decisions about our national security mission. What is our mission? What are the re-sources that we need? We don’t want to spend more than we need, but we don’t want to spend less, and we should not be posturing in the Defense bill with false numbers and no real answers about the mission that these dollars would fund. We do not give certainty to our de-fense or confidence to our troops when we legislate with phony numbers when we refuse to make honest choices about our Defense budget. Instead of giving certainty to our he-roes in uniform, this bill would breach the sequester spending limit by more than $70 billion, forcing a mandatory 13 percent cut to all Defense accounts. These phony numbers in this bill not only do violence to our Defense budget, they starve the strength of America by ransacking our domestic investments. In order to be the strongest possible America, we must measure our strength not only in our military might, but in the health, education, and well-being of the American people. And that is what the problem is, that we are stealing from the domestic budget with phony numbers for the De-fense budget, which will be because of the sequester cut to the Defense ac-counts by 13 percent as we starve our domestic investments. Besides the direct danger this bill poses to our military, it is laden with poison pills. It would squander billions of taxpayer dollars on President Trump’s immoral, ineffective, and ex-pensive border wall. The President said, during the cam-paign, he said: ‘‘I promise a wall.’’ No. He promised a wall that Mexico would pay for. He said it would cost $4 billion to $6 billion. The fact is it could cost as much as $30 billion, $40 billion, and he wants a down payment for that wall in this bill—one poison pill. It also eliminates ARPA-E, the ad-vanced energy research vital to our en-ergy independence and to our national security to keep America the innova-tion superpower of the 21st century. Democrats will continue to demand real leadership to strengthen our na-tional defense. Mr. Chair, on this day, July 26, 1948, President Harry Truman signed the ex-ecutive order desegregating the U.S. military. How great that was for Amer-ica. How great it is for our country to benefit from the service of so many people who had been serving all along but now with dignity and respect, which was justified. So how sad it is on this same day that the President of the United States, 69 years ago, recognized the value of respecting our men and women in uniform, that the Commander in Chief, the President of the United States, fired 15,000 courageous men and women in uniform in a vile, hateful tweet. His actions regarding transgenders in the military were un-worthy of their bravery and unworthy of the American people. Let us be thankful for the blessings of all of our men and women in uni-form, our veterans who have served us, and our military families to whom we owe so much. Their courage, their serv-ice and leadership, and their sacrifice are what truly makes us the land of the free and the home of the brave, and it insists that we be serious and real and evidence-based as we make deci-sions about how we invest in the secu-rity of our country. Mr. Chair, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 5 minutes to the gen-tleman from Kansas (Mr. YODER ), the chairman of the Legislative Branch Subcommittee on Appropriations. Mr. YODER. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to speak in favor of the bill be-fore us, paying particular attention to the work of the Legislative Branch Subcommittee. I first want to thank my colleagues, Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN and Ranking Member L
OWEY , for their leadership; and Ranking Member R
YAN, who has been a gentleman and a scholar, for working with me to develop this prod-uct, a great example of how representa-tives from opposite sides of the line can work together and create a model bi-partisanship to build great legislation for the American people. Our total recommendation for the fiscal year 2018 Legislative Branch is $3.58 billion. In this bill, we focused on Capitol improvements, better security, more transparency and accountability all in a fiscally responsible manner. First and foremost, Mr. Chairman, the House continues to lead by example in its frugal operations. With this bill, we will be spending 12 percent below the 2010 levels, showing the American people fiscal discipline starts here in our House operations first. We also continue the policy of deny-ing pay increases to Members of Con-gress for the eighth fiscal year in a row. This Republican Congress has tightened its belt since taking the ma-jority, and we have never allowed a pay increase for Members of Congress, and we aren’t allowing one today, saving taxpayers over $68 million since 2011. In light of the recent shooting where Republican Members of Congress were targeted for their beliefs and our col-league and majority whip, S
TEVE SCA-
LISE, was seriously wounded, this bill takes new focus on the security related to Congress, and I would like to recog-nize the United States Capitol Police Special Agents Crystal Griner and David Bailey. As we all know in this body, the U.S. Capitol Police protect us, our staff, and the more than 9 million visitors we get here each year with bravery, putting their lives on the line each and every day to keep us safe. Special Agents Griner and Bailey put that heroism on display for the coun-try and the world when they saved nu-merous Members of Congress from an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.085 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6365 July 26, 2017 
attack at practice where some 25 of our colleagues were preparing for the Con-gressional Baseball Game for Charity. Their courage under fire saved the lives of countless Members of Congress, staff, and innocent bystanders, and both of them were wounded while car-rying out their duties. S
TEVE SCALISE , Matt Mika, and Zack Barth, who were also injured that day, and everyone else on that baseball field, are alive today because of those Capitol Police officers, and we con-tinue to wish a speedy recovery to ev-eryone who has been injured. We, as a Congress, owe it to the Cap-itol Police to ensure they have the nec-essary resources to meet their mission in an increasingly polarized climate. And after working with Mr. R
YAN, we believe we have appropriately prioritized those needs, taking a com-prehensive approach to ensuring the safety and security of not only Mem-bers of Congress, but our staff, visitors, and the constituents we serve. We provide resources and make structural changes that will address se-curity concerns both here at the Cap-itol and in our home districts, includ-ing $29 million in new resources to the Capitol Police for increased security, $5 million to the House Sergeant at Arms for district office security, and support for House Administration’s au-thorization to increase $25,000 per MRA account to address Members’ physical security when they are away from the Capitol complex. We also invest new resources in cybersecurity measures to protect attacks on our digital informa-tion. After more than 20 hearings, brief-ings, and tours of various portions of the Capitol complex since January, we have included $581 million in total for the Architect of the Capitol. We recog-nize the continuing challenge of pre-serving and maintaining our infra-structure and prioritizing critical projects in the current fiscal climate. We have included funding to restore and renovate House office buildings, upgrade the Capitol Power Plant, and several other projects. We fund a Revi-talization Fund to finance major re-pairs and renovations to facilities in the House for future years, and we are planning ahead to try and save costs. Overall, we provided $648 million for the Library of Congress, with new funding going to IT improvements li-brary-wide, as well as specific copy-right modernization initiatives. In total, we provided $48.5 million for the CBO. Members of this body on both sides of the aisle have their differences in opinion with CBO estimates and how it arrives at those conclusions. In some cases, frankly, the CBO is wrong, but, at the end of the day, it serves an im-portant purpose and needs the appro-priate resources to do its job. We also increased funding for the Government Accountability Office to ensure that they root out fraud, waste, and abuse in government. Mr. Chair, in crafting this project, Ranking Member R
YAN and I sought the thoughtful feedback of Members throughout this committee and this body. There are various initiatives we can all be proud of, initiatives that serve our constituents and produce effi-ciencies and transparency in the way that Congress operates, including in-creasing openness and transparency and producing efficiencies by pub-lishing nonconfidential CRS reports online, expanding the Wounded Warrior Project, which helps Members hire vet-erans. We increased total slots by more than 57 percent. In conclusion, in all, this bill rep-resents a frugal approach at funding the basic operations of Congress. We do so in a fiscally responsible manner, keeping House budgets historically low and prohibiting pay increases in Con-gress. We are improving transparency and accountability at the same time. I would like to thank Ranking Mem-ber RYAN and his staff, Anne Sokolov and Adam Berg, as well as my staff, Tim Monahan, Liz Dawson, Jenny Panone, and Joe Eannello, and to all the members of the subcommittee for their work and participation in the process this year. Mr. Chair, I urge this body support this legislation. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. H
OYER ), the Democratic whip. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Chairman, I served actively on the Appropriations Com-mittee for 23 years. I am still a member on leave. Never, in the 36 years that I have been here, have I seen an omnibus appropriation bill or a minibus appro-priation bill brought to the floor before the August break. Regular order is to bring each bill to the floor, debate each bill on its merit, have the opportunity to offer amend-ments, and debate the merits of the amendments and of that particular bill. However, the majority party has not done its job, and I do not hold ac-countable the members of the Appro-priations Committee. I want to make that clear. But, for whatever reasons, regular order has not been followed, and so each Member of the Congress of the United States is confronted with either voting for all of the bill with compo-nent parts, the Legislative bill, Energy and Water, MILCON–VA, Defense bill, that they may not like, but if they vote ‘‘no,’’ they will be accused of being against the security of the United States. That, my friends, is ba-loney. In their pledge to America, Repub-licans said: ‘‘We will advance major legislation one issue at a time.’’ This belies that representation. The sponsors of this minibus package, Mr. Chair, claim it will make America more secure. I reject that argument. Senior military leaders have said that the greatest long-term threat to our national security is the growing national debt and the impact of inter-est payments on the debt as they crowd out our ability to invest in defense and domestic priorities. b1615 It is incumbent upon us, Mr. Chair-man, to work together to pass a fis-cally responsible budget agreement that lifts the sequester caps in a way consistent with the principle of parity between defense and nondefense spend-ing. Mr. Chairman, we were supposed to pass a budget on or before April 15. It is now July 26. We have passed no budget. There is no plan for overall spending. This, therefore, is a pig in a poke, and nobody on this House floor or in this country knows the ramifica-tions of the passage of this bill on the eight domestic spending bills that re-main unattended. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mrs. LOWEY. I yield an additional 2 minutes to the gentleman. Mr. HOYER. It is incumbent upon us, Mr. Chairman, to work together to pass a fiscally responsible budget agreement that lifts the sequester caps. We cannot simply skip to appro-priations without determining what our budget priorities are first. It is as critical for our national defense as it is for our ability to support economic growth. Moreover, this is the earliest, as I have said before, that I can ever re-member that the House considered ei-ther an omnibus or minibus appropria-tions bill. It is an acknowledgement by the majority that the House will not be able to move these bills through under regular order, given Republicans’ inter-nal divisions over spending bills. So in-stead of working with Democrats to craft individual appropriations bills that can pass the House, they are re-sorting to legislative tactics to push them through on partisan votes. I will remind my friends across the aisle that they have been unable to enact a single funding bill in the past 7 years without ultimately appealing to Democratic votes. So I urge my col-leagues to reject this minibus package and make it clear that we first ought to negotiate a budget agreement that provides certainty and clarity to the entire Federal Government, not just a handful of agencies. And we ought to do it through an open and transparent process, with Members permitted to offer amendments that can shape a budget and appropriations bills truly reflective of the Nation’s priority as a whole. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ so that we can get on with an appropriations process that is in regular order, that makes common sense, that is transparent, and that will give the American public the best product that we can produce. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ), the chairman of the Inte-rior, Environment, and Related Agen-cies Subcommittee on Appropriations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.086 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6366 July 26, 2017 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3219, the Make America Secure Appropriations Act. First, I would like to commend Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN for his tire-less work to report out all 12 appro-priations bills in the Appropriations Committee. He did it in record time and deserves a great deal of credit for getting us to this point today. The four bills included in H.R. 3219 reflect hours of hearings, staff work, Member input, and bipartisan cooperation. I would also like to express my grati-tude to the chairs and ranking mem-bers of the Defense; Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies; Military Construction, Veterans Af-fairs, and Related Agencies; and Legis-lative Branch Subcommittees. In particular, the Energy and Water division provides robust funding for water infrastructure—over $67 mil-lion—to create needed water storage in the West. I want to thank Chairman S
IMPSON and his staff for their hard work. As a member of the Defense Sub-committee on Appropriations, I thank Chairwoman K
AYGRANGER for her leadership and her unwavering support of our men and women in uniform. I also would be remiss if I did not mention the professional staff of the subcommittee, who dedicated countless hours to craft a bill that meets the needs of the Department of Defense and reflects the will of Congress. Our greatest responsibility as Mem-bers of Congress is to provide for the resources necessary to the men and women of our Armed Forces. This bill includes $584.2 billion in base defense funding and $73.9 billion for overseas contingency operations. It provides for a 2.4 percent military pay raise and ad-ditional funding to increase end strength. The bill provides robust funding for shipbuilding, aviation, combat vehi-cles, and more. It invests in our great-est assets, the men and women who wear the uniform, through increased funds through training, equipment, and the best healthcare. We are at a crossroads. Right now, our military continues to operate at high tempo to carry out the national security interests of the United States. However, in order to meet the next challenge, whatever that may be, we must invest now. We know the situa-tion we are in. National Security Advisor McMaster has stated that the U.S. is outranged and outgunned by potential adver-saries. Out of the 58 brigade combat teams, the Army only has 3 that are combat ready. We have the lowest number of ships since World War I. And while capa-bility is important, the vast oceans of the world desperately need our pres-ence. Only 7 out of 10 aircraft in the Air Force are ready to fly, and the average age of aircraft across the service is 27 years. Airmen are flying the same planes as their grandfathers. Only 43 percent of the Marine Corps total aircraft inventory is considered flyable. Our marines deserve better. Today we have a chance to correct the course we have been on for the last 8 years. The U.S. Constitution creates a government of the people to ‘‘estab-lish justice, insure domestic tran-quility, provide for the common de-fense.’’ This bill fulfills the promise en-shrined in our Constitution to secure the blessings of liberty by providing for the defense of our Nation. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I am de-lighted to yield 6 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Florida (Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ ), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Mili-tary Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chairman, I thank the distinguished ranking member for yielding me time and for her hard work during this ardu-ous process. And I would also like to thank Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN and Chairman D
ENTfor their hard work as well. As we all know, the Military Con-struction, Veterans Affairs, and Re-lated Agencies bill has a strong reputa-tion for common ground and biparti-sanship. Chairman D
ENT, like always, set a cooperative tone and was inclu-sive throughout this process. He has worked tirelessly to address many Members’ concerns, and I joined him in that effort, as well as critical issues impacting our veterans and Active and Reserve servicemembers. The Military Construction portion of this minibus provides adequate funding for both the Active and Reserve compo-nents. In addition, the bill funds the NATO Security Investment Program at the FY17 level, sending a strong mes-sage to our Nation’s allies that we stand with them as we continue to face evolving international threats. For the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, this bill provides $3.9 billion, which is a 5.3 percent increase over FY 2017. I am also pleased that this bill will address the issue of breast cancer awareness and prevention and provides almost $700 million for medical re-search, which will fund essential ef-forts, such as those to address TBI and PTSD, develop state-of-the-art pros-thetics, care for victims of military sexual trauma, and treat veterans suf-fering from mental illness. The bill also continues to fund im-portant programs to combat veteran homelessness, provide our vets with ef-fective and timely healthcare, and im-prove the veteran benefits application process and appeals process. I am also extremely grateful for Chairman D
ENT’s support for in vitro fertilization and coverage for assisted reproductive technologies for veterans who have sustained a service-connected injury that impacts their fertility. This issue is very important to me and to so many servicemembers. All vet-erans deserve to be able to start fami-lies. Moreover, providing access to IVF is consistent with the VA’s goals to support veterans and improve their quality of life. On a personal note, this bill will also address the issue of breast cancer awareness and prevention. This past spring, our subcommittee visited the Washington VA Medical Center. We learned that the VA was re-lying on the controversial USPSTF guidance for mammography in making coverage decisions. Last Congress, we passed a law that barred private insurers from making coverage decisions based on these guidelines through 2018. However, the moratorium did not apply, we learned in that visit to the VA, and so women in their forties who were veterans could be denied coverage for mammo-grams. To its credit, the VA changed its guideline regarding screening, and with Chairman DENT’s support, lan-guage is included to hold the VA to this better standard. As I stated during my testimony be-fore the Rules Committee, Mr. Chair-man, it is my sincere belief that if the MILCON-VA bill were being considered as a stand-alone, as is tradition, under an open rule, it would receive strong bipartisan support. But, unfortunately, that is not what we are doing here today. Instead of following regular order, we, instead, are taking up four bills at once and adding funds to begin con-struction on President Trump’s irre-sponsible border wall that he promised Mexico would pay for, and now tax-payers are being stuck with the bill. This fiscally and morally irresponsible expenditure leaves the nondefense ap-propriations bills grossly underfunded. Furthermore, contrary to popular be-lief, this bill isn’t even great for de-fense. All this talk about making sure that we provide adequate resources for our defense and our national security ignores the fact that the Budget Con-trol Act provides additional funds that would ultimately be sequestered with-out a cap adjustment. This minibus would breach this cap by more than $72 billion, resulting in a mandatory 13.2 percent sequester of all defense ac-counts, including the Military Con-struction title. And, by the way, I have said this re-peatedly each time I have spoken on this legislation, and never once has anyone in the majority countered what I am suggesting. That is deeply trou-bling. So even if this bill is signed into law, which it will not be, DOD would not re-ceive one dollar of this increase. Secretary Mattis testified ‘‘seques-tration and the continued use of con-tinuing resolutions would result in a steady erosion of military readiness.’’ That is the only outcome this bill guarantees. By taking up this minibus today, we are setting ourselves up for failure, and we have set ourselves up 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.089 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6367 July 26, 2017 
for an early fall with no real progress to be made on the FY 2018 appropria-tions bills. Mr. Chairman, we cannot continue to govern in this fashion. I believe it is time that we stop listening to the most extreme voices and get past these unre-alistic beliefs that we can cut our way to prosperity. We cannot. If this failed philosophy persists, our work will only get more difficult. It is clear that passing any appro-priations bill that will be signed into law will require a bipartisan majority of both Houses. As a result of this irre-sponsible posture, I will sadly be voting against the minibus, and I look forward to working towards an appropriations product that both parties can work on together in true bipartisan tradition. Mr. Chairman, lastly, before I close, I thank our staff in the MILCON–VA bill on both the majority and the minority side: Maureen Holohan, Sarah Young, Sue Quantius, Sean Snyder, and Tracey Russell with the majority; and Matt Washington, Rosalyn Kumar, and Jon-athan Steinberg with the minority. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. P
ALAZZO ), a valuable member of the committee. Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the Make America Secure Appropriations Act. As a member of the Appropriations Committee, I have witnessed firsthand the hard work that Chairman F
RELING -
HUYSEN and his subcommittee chair-men have put into crafting this bill. They all should be congratulated for their work on this legislation, and so should their staffs. I firmly believe that the number one constitutional responsibility of Con-gress is to provide for the common de-fense of this Nation against all en-emies, both domestic and foreign. That commitment, by increasing defense funding and restoring the cuts and budget shortfalls that threaten our military readiness and our ability to project force around the globe, is hon-ored here today. Our bill also honors those who serve our country in the Armed Forces by giving them a much-deserved 2.4 per-cent pay raise and making critical in-vestments in equipment and training that help them perform the missions we give them and, most importantly, help them return home safely to their loved ones and their families and com-munities. This includes 11 Navy ships, including two destroyers for our Navy and a new LHA for our Marines. And I am proud to say that some of these ships will be built in my district by the greatest shipbuilders on Earth. The bill also honors the service of our veterans. Our commitment doesn’t stop when our men and women in uni-form stop serving. We must continue to support them after they leave service, and this bill does just that, funding mental healthcare, care for our home-less veterans, and other national prior-ities. In addition, this bill makes critical investments in our Nation’s border se-curity, including fully funding the President’s request for a physical bar-rier construction along our southern border. The President has promised this funding, the American people want this funding, and today the House is making good on that promise—after all, border security is national secu-rity. Mr. Chairman, this is a solid bill. It honors our commitments, it keeps Americans safe and fulfills our obliga-tion to all those who serve this great country. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support the underlying legislation. b1630 Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 6 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. VISCLOSKY ), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Defense. (Mr. VISCLOSKY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member for yielding to me. Mr. Chairman, I, first of all, thank Chairwoman G
RANGER . This is her first time leading the Defense Appropria-tions bill on the floor. She has done so under very difficult circumstances, with a steadfast commitment to main-taining the tradition of cooperative bi-partisanship on our subcommittee, maintaining transparency, and taking a thoughtful approach to solving prob-lems. Mr. Chairman, I would also like to express my immense gratitude to Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN , Ranking Member L
OWEY , the members of our subcommittee, and our exceptional staff for all of their hard work. Mr. Chairman, we have a duty to pro-vide predictable and timely appropria-tions to the Department of Defense and the rest of the Federal Government. This is a consistent request by our sen-ior Defense leaders. However, the House bills exceed the cap of fiscal year 2018 defense spending established under the Budget Control Act of 2011 by $72.5 billion. If enacted as written and the budget control caps remain in place, the De-partment of Defense would face a se-questration of roughly 13 percent. The Department has still not recovered from the rash of problems caused the last time it was forced to deal with se-questration in 2013. In the second half of that fiscal year, the Department savaged its operations and mainte-nance accounts to continue ongoing contingency operations and to protect military personnel accounts. This re-sulted in the Navy idling an aircraft carrier at a pier in Norfolk, the Army canceling training rotations, and the Air Force reducing flight times for its combat aircraft, and widespread civil-ian furloughs. We simply cannot allow that to happen again in fiscal year 2018. We have avoided sequestration in the last 4 fiscal years by adjusting the budget caps for both defense and non-defense appropriations. Those modest adjustments, done in a bipartisan and bicameral fashion, provided needed funding for our military, but also for our country’s economic and physical infrastructure, scientific research, pub-lic health systems, and veterans’ care. Besides my frustration with the proc-ess, I have concerns about the signifi-cant increase in funding that this bill will provide to the Department: $60 bil-lion more than last year and $29 billion more than requested by the adminis-tration. I support providing additional funds to the Department, as I believe we are asking too much of our brave service-members and their families, but, put-ting it mildly, the world is also an un-settled place and not trending towards stability. But that being said, I believe that the Department will have great difficulty spending so many additional dollars in a timely and efficient man-ner. Vacancies continue in important leadership positions. Hiring restric-tions on civilian employees and a hand-ful of ongoing strategic reviews will all slow the decisionmaking process. It is also unlikely that Congress will com-plete its work in a timely manner by October 1, and that any dollars pro-vided will have to be spent in a com-pressed time period. Additionally, I am not convinced that the administration evaluates dol-lars being spent on the military with the same criteria as it does with the rest of the Federal Government. In the Office of Management and Budget’s Major Savings and Reform document for fiscal year 2018, it was a page-turner. With 150 proposals to al-legedly save billions in discretionary programs, there was only one rec-ommendation in 150—one—for the De-partment of Defense, with a potential to save only $2 billion by 2027. With a budget of roughly $600 billion a year, representing nearly half the discre-tionary spending, it is beyond the pale that OMB could only come up with a single savings point for the Depart-ment of Defense. One final point is that I am highly disappointed that the Republican lead-ership has watered down language dur-ing committee markup regarding the Authorization for Use of Military Force. Representative B
ARBARA LEE’s language would have established an eminently reasonable approach to up-dating 2001 legislation in authoriza-tion. Congress must stop hiding from the debate, and carry out its constitutional responsibilities to support our troops in uniform and the civilian support staff that helps them out. Mr. Chairman, in closing, I would like, again, simply to reiterate my thanks to the members of our sub-committee and committee, and for our sterling staff who have done a superb job under the most difficult cir-cumstances that I could imagine. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.090 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6368 July 26, 2017 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ), a strong supporter of national defense. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN for yielding to me, and I thank him for his tremen-dous leadership as chairman of the Ap-propriations Committee. New Jersey and, indeed, the entire Nation are for-tunate to have Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN as chairman of this critical committee. Under the chairman’s leadership, all spending bills have advanced out of the committee, and now, today, we con-sider a package that affirms one of Congress’ most important responsibil-ities: to provide for the common de-fense. Included in this legislative package is an important measure that opens re-ports by the Congressional Research Service and opens those reports to the public. I have been involved in this issue for some time. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN and subcommittee Chairman Y
ODER for their support of this measure. American taxpayers spend more than $100 million a year supporting the work of the Congressional Research Service. Their findings, reports, and analyses should be public information. It is good public policy to allow educators, stu-dents, members of the news media, and everyday citizens across the Nation to have access to CRS’s nonpartisan, tax-payer-funded reports. By providing public access to CRS re-ports, we can elevate our national dis-course and make it easier for citizens to cut through the misinformation that is too often involved in the na-tional debate. Citizens should have full access to the same neutral, unbiased information that many of us in Con-gress use to help us make important decisions. CRS is governed by requirements for accuracy, objectivity, balance, and nonpartisanship—the very sort of anal-ysis sought and valued by engaged con-stituents. Mr. Chairman, I, again, commend the chairman for including this measure in the Legislative Branch title. This is one of many victories for taxpayers in this important bill. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Con-necticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Labor, HHS. Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this bill. What does this bill do? It would force the Office of Manage-ment and Budget to issue an across- the-board budget cut for defense spend-ing come January. Why? Because the House appropriations bills exceed the defense budget spend-ing cap by more than $72 billion. I might add that both Democrats and Republicans voted for these spending caps for defense spending and for non-defense spending. So the defense funding in the bill, their numbers are, in essence, fake. These are fake numbers. Republicans have no plan to raise both our need to support our national security and mili-tary readiness and our need to support hardworking middle class families who are struggling to get by. So if these bills are enacted, the only way to avoid this across-the-board de-fense spending cut is if we had another budget deal to revise the bipartisan Budget Control Act, which established spending caps for defense spending and for nondefense spending. Now, add to that, since military pay is usually exempt from budget cuts, if this bill and the other House appropria-tions bills are signed into law, the Of-fice of Management and Budget, by law, would be required to cut defense spending by more than 13 percent, or $72 billion. We would need a new budget agreement so that we can increase both defense spending and nondefense spend-ing to meet the needs of our country. My friends, this is not going to hap-pen; hardly likely. The biggest economic challenge of our time is that too many people are in jobs that do not pay them enough to live on. We must invest in programs that provide opportunities for hard-working Americans to be able to im-prove themselves and for our economy to grow. We need a country that works for the middle class and for the vulner-able, not just the wealthy and those with the most lobbyists. This budget process is irresponsible, and our military and our hardworking families will all be shortchanged. This is unacceptable. Congress needs to negotiate another budget deal that increases both the de-fense and the nondefense spending caps. The spending levels in the De-fense bill are impossible to achieve un-less there is a new budget deal and it is reached. So, again, the numbers are fake. If you vote ‘‘yes’’ on this, you are voting for a pig in a poke. I urge my col-leagues to vote against this bill. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 4 minutes to the gen-tleman from Idaho (Mr. SIMPSON ) for the purpose of a colloquy. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ) for the purpose of a colloquy. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I thank both Chairman S
IMPSON  and Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN for their work on this legislation, but I would like to engage in this colloquy about the Denali Commission in Alaska. My proposal would have restored funding for the Denali Commission to its fiscal year 2017 level to continue the great work that it does to support the constituents of the rural areas of Alas-ka. My proposal would also restore the 2017 funding levels for the Appalachian Regional Commission, the Delta Re-gional Authority, and the Northern Border Regional Commission. The Denali Commission started in 1998 with Senator Stevens as an inde-pendent Federal agency designed to provide critical utilities, infrastruc-ture, and economic support throughout Alaska. With the creation of the Denali Commission, Congress acknowledged the need for increased interagency co-operation and a focus on Alaska’s re-mote communities. The Denali Commission operates in the most geographically diverse and challenging area in America, twice the size of Texas. In fact, this area would encompass both the Delta Regional Au-thority and the Appalachian Regional Commission. I continue to believe the Denali Commission is a model of effi-cient and innovative government. The Commission has also improved the liv-ing conditions of rural areas of Alaska. Mr. Chairman, Mr. SIMPSON has done the best he can, and you cannot believe all the programs that the Denali Com-mission provides for the State of Alas-ka and my constituents. I would appre-ciate Mr. S
IMPSON looking at maybe a future time that we could fund it at the level that we were in 2017. Mr. Chairman, I do urge Mr. S
IMPSON , as the chairman, to understand how important the Denali Commission is to Alaska. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, re-claiming my time, I appreciate my col-league’s statement on the Denali Com-mission. He is a strong advocate for Alaska and the important work that the Denali Commission conducts in the State. The House mark this year supports the Denali Commission and its efforts rather than the administration’s re-quest to terminate the agency. The elimination of the Denali Com-mission would have deprived many communities of essential infrastruc-ture and economic development projects. In a time of economic change, these communities can scarcely afford to lose the millions of dollars in private investment leveraged by the Commis-sion annually. In the event the subcommittee re-ceives additional funding in con-ference, I would be happy to work with my colleague to ensure the Denali Commission is provided sufficient funds to support their efforts in his State. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Will the gen-tleman yield? Mr. SIMPSON. I yield to the gen-tleman. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I appreciate the fact that Mr. S
IMPSON just mentioned it was elimi-nated by the administration, and he did restore some of the money. I am just requesting that, if he gets any more money, we would look for it in the Denali Commission so that the work it has done is well rewarded. Mr. Chairman, I thank both the chairmen for the work they have done establishing the Denali Commission in past years, and let’s go forth. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I look forward to working with the gentleman from Alaska. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.092 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6369 July 26, 2017 
b1645 Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I am de-lighted to yield 3 minutes to the distin-guished gentleman from Washington (Mr. K
ILMER ), the distinguished vice ranking member of the committee. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chair, I want to thank the chairman and our ranking member. I have great respect for both of them. Mr. Chair, the most important re-sponsibility we have is to keep our Na-tion and our citizens safe. In order to fulfill that responsibility, we have a commitment to those who serve, that they will have the training and equip-ment and support that they need to be the most capable fighting force the world has ever seen. We also have a commitment to the men and women who serve that we will have their back, not only when they are on duty, but when they come home. This Congress should support a pay raise for our Nation’s troops. This Con-gress should support a cutting-edge Naval fleet. This Congress should make sure that we can say that every vet-eran will get the care that he or she has earned. But this Congress should also be op-posed to a bill that puts the Depart-ment of Defense right in the path of the across-the-board spending cuts known as sequestration. Now, I admit, I had not heard of se-questration until I first ran for this job. It turns out it is a Latin word for stupid, because when you face our mili-tary leaders, even in my district, they have implored this Congress to do away with the bind that sequestration threatens to put them in. They think this is a bad idea. But what we are doing this week ig-nores the advice of our top com-manders and our military experts. In-stead, it would put the Department of Defense on a collision course with se-questration. That would mean harmful cuts, across-the-board cuts to our mili-tary, regardless of priority. The failure of this Congress to pass a legitimate budget is a disservice to our Armed Forces and to every man and woman who serves in it. We should be giving those in uniform certainty that their paychecks will arrive on time, that their gear will be the best, that they will get the training that they need, and that cuts won’t hurt their readiness. So let’s get serious about a budget. Let’s vote down this bill and do better. Pass a responsible bill. Listen, a majority of the Members in this Chamber are willing to support a plan that not only funds our military, but also makes sure we don’t approach yet another government shutdown. That is what the American people sent us here to do, Mr. Chair. Let’s listen to their voices. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I am pleased to yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH), the distinguished chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman of the Appropria-tions Committee for yielding me time. I am very pleased to support H.R. 3219, the Make America Secure Appro-priations Act of 2018, especially be-cause it includes H.R. 3266, which pro-vides appropriations for the energy programs within the Science, Space, and Technology Committee’s jurisdic-tion. Chairman SIMPSON , who is on the floor behind me, has worked closely with us on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee to include re-sponsible, pro-science funding levels for the Department of Energy. Chairman S
IMPSON , your leadership and cooperation have been exceptional and are much appreciated. Thank you for your leadership in passing this leg-islation that sets America on a path to remain the world’s leader in innova-tion. The appropriations included in this legislation are consistent with the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act, which passed the House last Con-gress. This bill also funds programs au-thorized in H.R. 589, the DOE Research and Innovation Act, which passed the House earlier this year and was the product of over 3 years of work by the Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee to advance basic research and set clear science priorities for the De-partment of Energy. American industry relies on Federal support for basic research to produce the scientific breakthroughs that fuel technological innovation, new indus-tries, economic growth, and good jobs. Around the country, scientists at our National Labs and universities are con-ducting groundbreaking, basic science research that provides the foundation for next generation technology in en-ergy, medicine, and manufacturing. This legislation provides strong sup-port for the Department of Energy’s Office of Science at $5.4 billion for fis-cal year 2018. The Office of Science will get increased funding for research in basic energy sciences, high-perform-ance computing, nuclear physics, high- energy physics, and fusion energy. The strong support for the Office of Science in the appropriations bill will prioritize the basic research programs that are the core mission of the De-partment and the National Labs and lead to scientific discoveries that can provide benefits across the economy. This legislation also includes respon-sible funding for DOE’s applied pro-grams, prioritizing early-stage re-search in electricity, energy efficiency, renewables, fossil, and nuclear. An example of such critical early- stage energy research involves nuclear energy where the bill’s funding sup-ports the priorities outlined in the Nu-clear Energy Innovation Capabilities Act, which passed the House as a part of H.R. 589. That legislation, sponsored by Energy Subcommittee Chairman R
ANDY WEBER of Texas, combines the strengths of the National Labs, univer-sities, and the private sector to develop advanced nuclear technology. This technology is our best opportunity to provide reliable, emission-free elec-tricity. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I yield the gentleman an addi-tional 1 minute. Mr. SMITH of Texas. I thank the chairman of the committee for yielding me an additional minute. This appropriations bill also includes funding to begin design and construc-tion for the research reactor author-ized in H.R. 589, which will provide ac-cess to the fast neutrons necessary to enable the next generation of nuclear energy technology. As we shape the future of the Depart-ment of Energy, our priority must be basic and early-stage research that only the Federal Government has the incentives and resources to support and pursue. This will empower private sec-tor innovators to develop and dem-onstrate resulting new capabilities that will attract the capital invest-ments needed to take energy tech-nology to the marketplace, creating jobs and expanding our economy. Mr. Chairman, I strongly encourage my colleagues to support this pro- science bill, pro-energy appropriations bill. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I am very pleased to yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CUELLAR ). Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member for yield-ing. I also want to thank the Appropria-tions chair from New Jersey and the staff, and also the ranking young lady from New York and the staff for being a bipartisan committee. The Appro-priations Committee has been bipar-tisan. While this bill before us is a step to-ward getting the job done of passing the appropriations bill before the end of the fiscal year, we know this is only the first step. We still have a lot more work to do. I regret that the rule that we will take up tomorrow will likely include $1.6 billion for a wall. We who live on the border, we understand and we be-lieve in border security, border secu-rity that is strong, sensible, common sense, and effective for the border. The wall is a 14th century solution to a 21st century challenge that we have. The border wall is not the right solu-tion for border security. Why? Number one, private property rights. We believe in private property rights. In fact, there are some people that, for generations, have owned land along the border. I have several veterans that own land. In fact, there is one veteran in particular that buried his father— his father who served in World War II— and his family right along the river-bank. So if you put a wall, what is he going to do? Once you put the wall, how is he going to go visit the ceme-tery, the family cemetery along the border? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.095 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6370 July 26, 2017 
What about cattle, livestock? How are they going to have access to water along the river? Number two, we have natural bar-riers along the Texas border. We have the rivers. You can see how the river snakes around. And what about the cliffs? Are you going to put a wall on top of this cliff? It just doesn’t make sense. Number three, what about taxpayers’ dollars? Mexico is not going to pay for this wall. We know that the American taxpayer is going to pay for this, $1.6 billion for 74 miles out of the 1,954 miles that we have. That is $21.2 mil-lion per mile for this wall, compared to $1 million of technology we wanted to put, technology cameras, sensors, aerostats for border security. And, oh, by the way, so $1.6 billion; all I need is $100, buy myself a good ladder, and we will take care of that wall. So, again, we have got to be smart about border security. Number four, environmental con-cerns, we have concerns with regard to wildlife refuges. What about the 40 percent out of the 11 million people that we have here who did visa overstays? So you can put the biggest wall, but people are going to fly, are going to drive across the bridge, are going to get a boat into Houston and just stay over their time. What about a cap analysis so we know what are the real needs that we have? That is number six. What about number seven, Mexico is an ally? It is not an enemy. Every day we have $1.3 billion of trade with our friends to the south—every day, 1.3. That is over $1 million of trade every single minute, 6 million American jobs that we have because of the trade that we have with our friends to the south. We need strong, commonsense border security, and I know this because I live on the border. I drink the water. I breathe the air. I understand this very well. The border area is very safe. Use FBI stats. The murder rate in my home-town of Laredo is three murders per 100,000. Here in Washington, D.C., it is 24.5 murders per 100,000. So if you want to talk about dangerous, when I leave the border to fly over to Washington, this is the most dangerous thing about my job. So the wall is a 14th century solution to a 21st century problem. I ask you to vote ‘‘no’’ on the border wall. Again, I want to thank the Appro-priations Committee for being bipar-tisan. This is only the first step. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. W
EBER ). Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of the Make America Secure Appropriations Act of 2018. I am particularly pleased to sup-port language from H.R. 3266, which provides appropriations for energy pro-grams within the Science, Space, and Technology Committee’s jurisdiction. For years, the Energy Subcommittee, which I chair, has listened to experts and gathered data to determine appro-priate priorities for the DOE. The bill brought before the House floor reflects the findings of the committee. It funds basic and early-stage research, and it does so all the while reducing spending. Importantly, this bill includes spe-cific appropriations for programs au-thorized in my bill, the Nuclear Energy Innovation Capabilities Act, which es-tablishes a clear timeline and param-eters for DOE to complete a research reactor. This type of research requires access to fast neutrons currently only available in Russia. The completion of our own research reactor is crucial, Mr. Chairman, in en-suring materials and nuclear fuels R&D takes place in these United States of America. The versatile neutron source, or fast test reactor, authorized in my legislation will provide the United States with this vital capability. I want to thank Chairman FRELING -
HUYSEN for specifically including $35 million in funding, and Chairman S
IMP-
SON, to begin the design and construc-tion of vital research infrastructure in this appropriations bill. America must maintain our nuclear capabilities and continue to develop cutting-edge technology here at home. This bill provides direction and robust funding for early-stage nuclear energy research. Without it, we will fall be-hind. It is vital that we ensure this impor-tant research and development is fully funded. We cannot afford to miss the economic opportunities provided by next generation nuclear technology. I encourage my colleagues to support this pro-science, fiscally responsible legislation. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I am very pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENE G
REEN ). Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank our ranking member for yielding to me. I rise in opposition to funding for President Trump’s border wall. I have visited the border of Texas and Mexico many times. Communities all along and beyond the border in my home State of Texas are opposed to this bor-der wall. Texas has deep and historic ties with our neighbor to the south, Mexico. The people of Texas and Mexico share a pride. A clear majority of our commu-nities believe that the close ties be-tween Texas and Mexico—cultural, eco-nomic, linguistic—benefit both Texas and Mexico. The construction of this ‘‘big, fat, beautiful wall,’’ to quote President Trump, along a 2,000-mile-long U.S.- Mexico border is not only unnecessary, but would be harmful to our border communities and wildlife and natural habitats along the border, and become a symbol of spite and division toward Mexico and its people. b1700 Much of the border between the United States and Mexico is already separated by the Rio Grande River, a clear natural obstacle between the two countries. High traffic areas along our Southern border are further separated by over 650 miles of pedestrian and ve-hicle fencing currently on the border. Congress has provided the Depart-ment of Homeland Security with ro-bust funding since the Department’s creation to sharply increase the num-ber of Border Patrol officers and sur-veillance tools, including aerial drones along the border. As a result of these substantial in-vestments by the American people, the number of immigrants without author-ization has steadily declined, while the number of border apprehensions are near a 40-year low. The $1.6 billion funded by taxpayer dollars included in this legislation for the President’s border wall should be directed for genuine needs, like ex-panding education opportunities for our children, rebuilding our Nation’s aging infrastructure. Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues, if given the opportunity, to amend the legislation before this Chamber to re-move the border wall funding. Other-wise, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join me in opposing the minibus appropriations bill. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, in clos-ing, I want to reiterate that this bill is a departure from regular order, wastes $1.6 billion on Trump’s border wall, uses fraudulent defense numbers, guts critical investments in clean energy, includes poison-pill riders, leaves the remaining spending bills with no path forward. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no,’’ and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, before I close, I just want to take this opportunity to thank Mrs. LOWEY  for her work, and all of the staff here for the remarkable things they have been doing over the last 3 or 4 weeks. While we may disagree strongly on some issues, our committee, as Mr. C
UELLAR said a few minutes ago, works in a bipartisan way to get our bills across the finish line. To all the members of the committee and our staff and to the ranking mem-ber, I thank them for the amicable way that all of us conduct business. It is part of the history and tradition of our committee. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentle-woman from New York. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I think I closed prematurely without thanking you for your leadership. It has been really a pleasure working with you. I do hope that as we move the process forward, we will be able to have a final product that we can all be very proud of. Thank you again. You have been a very delightful person to work with. And I thank the chairman, all my staff that has been so hardworking and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.096 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6371 July 26, 2017 
so cooperative. We couldn’t do this without them on both sides of the aisle. I thank the chairman. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I thank the gentlewoman for her comments. Mr. Chairman, reclaiming my time, in closing, I would remind the House that just yesterday we voted over-whelmingly in a bipartisan way to im-pose tough new sanctions on three ag-gressor nations: Russia, Iran and North Korea. Each pose their unique threats to our vital interests, their neighbors, and to global stability. But little in history would predict that sanction alone will change the maligned behavior of these three re-gimes. That is why we need to get this bill across the finish line, to guarantee that our military is always prepared to meet any threat from anyone any-where, whether it be China in the Pa-cific; international terrorist groups like ISIS, al-Qaida, Al-Nusra, al Shabaab, Hezbollah, Hamas; and transnational drug smugglers and criminal gangs. Mr. Chairman, I repeat: Congress’ most important constitutional duty is to provide for the common defense. This appropriations package before us allows us to meet that solid responsi-bility. I urge support of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOWDY. Mr. Chair, the unique cir-cumstances of the Waters of the United States (WOTUS) rulemaking warrant an expedited re-peal of the rule. In November 2016, the Com-mittee released a staff report titled ‘‘Politicization of the Waters of the United States Rulemaking,’’ detailing the findings of more than a year-long investigation in to the Waters of the United States (WOTUS) rule-making. The investigation revealed wide-spread procedural violations, excessive unilat-eral and politically driven decision-making, and persistent failures of consultation and consid-eration of public comments. The EPA’s extraordinary efforts to push through this procedurally deficient and roundly disliked rulemaking created an insurmountable illegitimacy of the rulemaking that warrants im-mediate repeal. To facilitate this necessary ac-tion, Congress is exercising its authority to create exemptions to existing law in H.R. 3219, the Make America Secure Appropria-tions Act, 2018. Section 108 of the bill pro-vides a single-use exemption from regulatory procedure and legal requirements to allow EPA and the Secretary of the Army to imme-diately withdraw the WOTUS rule. The imme-diate repeal of WOTUS will allow EPA and the Army Corps of Engineers to start with a clean slate as they conduct a joint rulemaking, be-tween equal partners, with full consideration of the comments and concerns raised by the American public. In future rulemakings, including any WOTUS replacement, Congress expects federal agen-cies to approach their mandate to consult with state, local, and tribal governments and give full consideration to public comments with a commitment to administrative procedure and effective rulemaking. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Chair, I would like to state my strong ob-jection to the Energy and Water Development Appropriations portion of H.R. 3219. It would completely eliminate ARPA–E, an agency that has already demonstrated incredible success in advancing high-risk, high-reward energy technology solutions that neither the public nor the private sector had been willing or able to support in the past. This accomplishment was highlighted in a Congressionally mandated Na-tional Academies review of the agency re-leased just last month. I would also note that ARPA–E recently announced that a group of 74 project teams has attracted over $1.8 bil-lion in private sector follow-on funding since the agency’s founding in 2009. In addition, the agency announced that 56 projects have formed new companies and 68 projects have partnered with other government agencies for further development. Bipartisan industry lead-ers like Norm Augustine and Bill Gates have repeatedly called for tripling this agency’s budget given the unique role that it is now playing in our energy innovation pipeline. And I’d be remiss if I didn’t refer my colleagues to DOE Secretary Perry’s March 8th tweet, issued just 8 days before the Trump Adminis-tration proposed to eliminate the agency, which states, and I quote, ‘‘Innovators like the ones supported by our ARPA–E program are key to advancing America’s energy economy.’’ I couldn’t have said it better myself. In addition, this bill would eliminate DOE’s innovation technology loan guarantee pro-gram. The Committee on Science, Space, and Technology held a hearing on this programs a few months ago, and we learned that its record of accomplishment more than justifies our continued support. The DOE Loan Pro-grams Office has been instrumental in launch-ing the utility-scale PV industry, Tesla Motors, and the construction of our first new nuclear reactors in 30 years. In addition, it is now sup-porting the commercialization of new carbon capture and reuse technologies. Overall the Loan Office’s losses are only about 2 percent of its entire portfolio—a rate that is lower than many venture capitalists achieve. And even after accounting for those losses, the interest payments from these loans and loan guaran-tees have returned over $1 billion to the Treasury. If we’re aiming to create jobs and reduce the deficit, this is exactly the type of program we should be supporting. Finally, this bill makes substantial cuts to many of the Department’s other critical energy technology offices for the grid, fossil energy, and nuclear energy, as well as a massive 47 percent cut to the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy. Our national infra-structure for clean energy research would be irreparably harmed if these cuts were actually implemented. Now, I am not going to tell you that every program the Department currently implements is perfect, that reforms should never be con-sidered, or that reasonable people can’t simply disagree on the best way to allocate its re-sources even after a careful, rigorous review. One of my largest concerns now, especially given the incredibly severe damage that this bill would impose on our entire energy re-search enterprise, is that such a thoughtful re-view never actually took place. In closing, I hope that we can all take a step back and more carefully consider the direction we want to move the Department in. I look for-ward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle and in the Senate to restore federal support for these vital programs. Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Chair, I wanted to briefly discuss eating disorders and how it af-fects our servicemembers and their families. Eating disorders affects over 30 million Ameri-cans during their lifetimes, and have the high-est mortality rate of any psychiatric illness. Studies show that eating disorders affect our servicemembers and their families at a higher rate than the civilian population, with 34 per-cent of female active duty servicemembers and 20 percent of children of sevicemembers scoring at risk for an eating disorder. Additionally, a Military Medicine study of fe-male military members and veterans found significant relationships between eating dis-orders, PTSD and sexual trauma. As we have much to learn on how eating disorders affect our military members and their families, I would encourage the House to start consid-ering how we can address this issue within our military. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. T
IPTON ). All time for general debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. An amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–30 shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as an original bill for the purpose of further amendment under the 5-minute rule and shall be considered as read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 3219 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Defense, Mili-tary Construction, Veterans Affairs, Legislative Branch, and Energy and Water Development National Security Appropriations Act, 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. ADDITIONAL REFERENCE. 
This Act may also be referred to as the ‘‘Make America Secure Appropriations Act, 2018’’. DIVISION A—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 The following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-priated, for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, for military functions administered by the Department of Defense and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I MILITARY PERSONNEL M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , ARMY For pay, allowances, individual clothing, sub-sistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, perma-nent change of station travel (including all ex-penses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Army on active duty (except members of reserve components provided for elsewhere), cadets, and aviation cadets; for members of the Reserve Offi-cers’ Training Corps; and for payments pursu-ant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the De-partment of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $41,427,054,000. M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , NAVY For pay, allowances, individual clothing, sub-sistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, perma-nent change of station travel (including all ex-penses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.098 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6372 July 26, 2017 
Navy on active duty (except members of the Re-serve provided for elsewhere), midshipmen, and aviation cadets; for members of the Reserve Offi-cers’ Training Corps; and for payments pursu-ant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the De-partment of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $28,707,918,000. M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS For pay, allowances, individual clothing, sub-sistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, perma-nent change of station travel (including all ex-penses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Marine Corps on active duty (except members of the Reserve provided for elsewhere); and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $13,165,714,000. M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE For pay, allowances, individual clothing, sub-sistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, perma-nent change of station travel (including all ex-penses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Air Force on active duty (except members of reserve components provided for elsewhere), cadets, and aviation cadets; for members of the Reserve Offi-cers’ Training Corps; and for payments pursu-ant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the De-partment of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $28,738,320,000. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , ARMY For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for per-sonnel of the Army Reserve on active duty under sections 10211, 10302, and 3038 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing reserve train-ing, or while performing drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Mili-tary Retirement Fund, $4,721,128,000. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , NAVY For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for per-sonnel of the Navy Reserve on active duty under section 10211 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in con-nection with performing duty specified in sec-tion 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing reserve training, or while per-forming drills or equivalent duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Depart-ment of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $1,987,662,000. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for per-sonnel of the Marine Corps Reserve on active duty under section 10211 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty speci-fied in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing reserve training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty, and for members of the Marine Corps platoon leaders class, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retire-ment Fund, $762,793,000. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for per-sonnel of the Air Force Reserve on active duty under sections 10211, 10305, and 8038 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing reserve train-ing, or while performing drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Mili-tary Retirement Fund, $1,808,434,000. NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , ARMY For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for per-sonnel of the Army National Guard while on duty under sections 10211, 10302, or 12402 of title 10 or section 708 of title 32, United States Code, or while serving on duty under section 12301(d) of title 10 or section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $8,252,426,000. N
ATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for per-sonnel of the Air National Guard on duty under sections 10211, 10305, or 12402 of title 10 or sec-tion 708 of title 32, United States Code, or while serving on duty under section 12301(d) of title 10 or section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing training, or while per-forming drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $3,406,137,000. TITLE II OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY For expenses, not otherwise provided for, nec-essary for the operation and maintenance of the Army, as authorized by law, $38,483,846,000: Provided, That not to exceed $12,478,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary ex-penses, to be expended on the approval or au-thority of the Secretary of the Army, and pay-ments may be made on his certificate of neces-sity for confidential military purposes. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVY For expenses, not otherwise provided for, nec-essary for the operation and maintenance of the Navy and the Marine Corps, as authorized by law, $45,980,133,000: Provided, That not to ex-ceed $15,055,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of the Navy, and payments may be made on his certifi-cate of necessity for confidential military pur-poses. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS For expenses, not otherwise provided for, nec-essary for the operation and maintenance of the Marine Corps, as authorized by law, $6,885,884,000. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE For expenses, not otherwise provided for, nec-essary for the operation and maintenance of the Air Force, as authorized by law, $38,592,745,000: Provided, That not to exceed $7,699,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary ex-penses, to be expended on the approval or au-thority of the Secretary of the Air Force, and payments may be made on his certificate of ne-cessity for confidential military purposes. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , DEFENSE -WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, nec-essary for the operation and maintenance of ac-tivities and agencies of the Department of De-fense (other than the military departments), as authorized by law, $33,771,769,000: Provided, That not more than $15,000,000 may be used for the Combatant Commander Initiative Fund au-thorized under section 166a of title 10, United States Code: Provided further, That not to ex-ceed $36,000,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of De-fense, and payments may be made on his certifi-cate of necessity for confidential military pur-poses: Provided further, That of the funds pro-vided under this heading, not less than $38,458,000 shall be made available for the Pro-curement Technical Assistance Cooperative Agreement Program, of which not less than $3,600,000 shall be available for centers defined in 10 U.S.C. 2411(1)(D): Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to plan or implement the consolidation of a budget or appropriations liaison office of the Office of the Secretary of Defense, the office of the Secretary of a military department, or the service head-quarters of one of the Armed Forces into a legis-lative affairs or legislative liaison office: Pro-vided further, That $9,385,000, to remain avail-able until expended, is available only for ex-penses relating to certain classified activities, and may be transferred as necessary by the Sec-retary of Defense to operation and maintenance appropriations or research, development, test and evaluation appropriations, to be merged with and to be available for the same time pe-riod as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That any ceiling on the in-vestment item unit cost of items that may be purchased with operation and maintenance funds shall not apply to the funds described in the preceding proviso: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, $415,000,000, of which $100,000,000 to remain available until September 30, 2019, shall be available to provide support and assistance to foreign security forces or other groups or indi-viduals to conduct, support or facilitate counterterrorism, crisis response, or other De-partment of Defense security cooperation pro-grams: Provided further, That the transfer au-thority provided under this heading is in addi-tion to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMYRESERVE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, nec-essary for the operation and maintenance, in-cluding training, organization, and administra-tion, of the Army Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; re-cruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and communications, $2,870,163,000. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVYRESERVE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, nec-essary for the operation and maintenance, in-cluding training, organization, and administra-tion, of the Navy Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; re-cruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and communications, $1,038,507,000. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS R
ESERVE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, nec-essary for the operation and maintenance, in-cluding training, organization, and administra-tion, of the Marine Corps Reserve; repair of fa-cilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, sup-plies, and equipment; and communications, $282,337,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.027 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6373 July 26, 2017 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE R
ESERVE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, nec-essary for the operation and maintenance, in-cluding training, organization, and administra-tion, of the Air Force Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; re-cruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and communications, $3,233,745,000. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMYNATIONAL  G
UARD  For expenses of training, organizing, and ad-ministering the Army National Guard, including medical and hospital treatment and related ex-penses in non-Federal hospitals; maintenance, operation, and repairs to structures and facili-ties; hire of passenger motor vehicles; personnel services in the National Guard Bureau; travel expenses (other than mileage), as authorized by law for Army personnel on active duty, for Army National Guard division, regimental, and battalion commanders while inspecting units in compliance with National Guard Bureau regula-tions when specifically authorized by the Chief, National Guard Bureau; supplying and equip-ping the Army National Guard as authorized by law; and expenses of repair, modification, main-tenance, and issue of supplies and equipment (including aircraft), $7,275,820,000. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRNATIONAL  G
UARD  For expenses of training, organizing, and ad-ministering the Air National Guard, including medical and hospital treatment and related ex-penses in non-Federal hospitals; maintenance, operation, and repairs to structures and facili-ties; transportation of things, hire of passenger motor vehicles; supplying and equipping the Air National Guard, as authorized by law; expenses for repair, modification, maintenance, and issue of supplies and equipment, including those fur-nished from stocks under the control of agencies of the Department of Defense; travel expenses (other than mileage) on the same basis as au-thorized by law for Air National Guard per-sonnel on active Federal duty, for Air National Guard commanders while inspecting units in compliance with National Guard Bureau regula-tions when specifically authorized by the Chief, National Guard Bureau, $6,735,930,000. U
NITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE  A
RMED FORCES  For salaries and expenses necessary for the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces, $14,538,000, of which not to exceed $5,000 may be used for official representation purposes. E
NVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , ARMY 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of the Army, $215,809,000, to remain available until transferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the Army shall, upon de-termining that such funds are required for envi-ronmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of the Army, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appro-priations made available to the Department of the Army, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time pe-riod as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the pur-poses provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. E
NVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , NAVY 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of the Navy, $288,915,000, to remain available until transferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the Navy shall, upon de-termining that such funds are required for envi-ronmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of the Navy, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made avail-able by this appropriation to other appropria-tions made available to the Department of the Navy, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Pro-vided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this ap-propriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be trans-ferred back to this appropriation: Provided fur-ther, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , AIRFORCE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of the Air Force, $308,749,000, to remain available until trans-ferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the Air Force shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental restoration, re-duction and recycling of hazardous waste, re-moval of unsafe buildings and debris of the De-partment of the Air Force, or for similar pur-poses, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Air Force, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the ap-propriations to which transferred: Provided fur-ther, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this head-ing is in addition to any other transfer author-ity provided elsewhere in this Act. E
NVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , DEFENSE -WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of Defense, $9,002,000, to remain available until transferred: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense shall, upon deter-mining that such funds are required for envi-ronmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of Defense, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made avail-able by this appropriation to other appropria-tions made available to the Department of De-fense, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Pro-vided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this ap-propriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be trans-ferred back to this appropriation: Provided fur-ther, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. E
NVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , FORMERLY USED D
EFENSE SITES 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of the Army, $233,673,000, to remain available until transferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the Army shall, upon de-termining that such funds are required for envi-ronmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris at sites formerly used by the Depart-ment of Defense, transfer the funds made avail-able by this appropriation to other appropria-tions made available to the Department of the Army, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Pro-vided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this ap-propriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be trans-ferred back to this appropriation: Provided fur-ther, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN , DISASTER , ANDCIVIC A
ID For expenses relating to the Overseas Human-itarian, Disaster, and Civic Aid programs of the Department of Defense (consisting of the pro-grams provided under sections 401, 402, 404, 407, 2557, and 2561 of title 10, United States Code), $107,900,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018. C
OOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION ACCOUNT  For assistance, including assistance provided by contract or by grants, under programs and activities of the Department of Defense Coopera-tive Threat Reduction Program authorized under the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Act, $324,600,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NATIONAL  D
EFENSE RESTORATION FUND 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, there is appropriated $5,000,000,000, for the ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, National De-fense Restoration Fund’’: Provided, That such funds provided under this heading shall only be available for programs, projects and activities necessary to implement the 2018 National De-fense Strategy: Provided further, That such funds shall not be available for transfer until 30 days after the Secretary has submitted, and the congressional defense committees have ap-proved, the proposed allocation plan for the use of such funds to implement such strategy: Pro-vided further, That such allocation plan shall include a detailed justification for the use of such funds and a description of how such in-vestments are necessary to implement the strat-egy: Provided further, That the Secretary of De-fense may transfer these funds only to operation and maintenance accounts: Provided further, That the funds transferred shall be merged with and shall be available for the same purposes and for the same time period, as the appropria-tion to which transferred: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be transferred to any program, project, or activity specifically limited or denied by this Act: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in ad-dition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense. TITLE III PROCUREMENT A
IRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , ARMY For construction, procurement, production, modification, and modernization of aircraft, equipment, including ordnance, ground han-dling equipment, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training de-vices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and inter-ests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and pri-vate plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing pur-poses, $4,456,533,000, to remain available for ob-ligation until September 30, 2020. M
ISSILE PROCUREMENT , ARMY For construction, procurement, production, modification, and modernization of missiles, equipment, including ordnance, ground han-dling equipment, spare parts, and accessories 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.027 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6374 July 26, 2017 
therefor; specialized equipment and training de-vices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and inter-ests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and pri-vate plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing pur-poses, $2,581,600,000, to remain available for ob-ligation until September 30, 2020. P
ROCUREMENT OF WEAPONS AND TRACKED  C
OMBAT VEHICLES , ARMY For construction, procurement, production, and modification of weapons and tracked com-bat vehicles, equipment, including ordnance, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be ac-quired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and ma-chine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses nec-essary for the foregoing purposes, $3,556,175,000, to remain available for obligation until Sep-tember 30, 2020. P
ROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , ARMY For construction, procurement, production, and modification of ammunition, and acces-sories therefor; specialized equipment and train-ing devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facilities, author-ized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and inter-ests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and pri-vate plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing pur-poses, $1,811,808,000, to remain available for ob-ligation until September 30, 2020. O
THER PROCUREMENT , ARMY For construction, procurement, production, and modification of vehicles, including tactical, support, and non-tracked combat vehicles; the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for re-placement only; communications and electronic equipment; other support equipment; spare parts, ordnance, and accessories therefor; spe-cialized equipment and training devices; expan-sion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing pur-poses, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted there-on prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; re-serve plant and Government and contractor- owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $6,356,044,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. A
IRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , NAVY For construction, procurement, production, modification, and modernization of aircraft, equipment, including ordnance, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment; expansion of public and private plants, includ-ing the land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and con-struction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway, $17,908,270,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. WEAPONS PROCUREMENT , NAVY For construction, procurement, production, modification, and modernization of missiles, tor-pedoes, other weapons, and related support equipment including spare parts, and acces-sories therefor; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be ac-quired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and ma-chine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway, $3,387,826,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. P
ROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , NAVY AND  M
ARINE CORPS For construction, procurement, production, and modification of ammunition, and acces-sories therefor; specialized equipment and train-ing devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facilities, author-ized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and inter-ests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and pri-vate plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing pur-poses, $735,651,000, to remain available for obli-gation until September 30, 2020. S
HIPBUILDING AND CONVERSION , NAVY For expenses necessary for the construction, acquisition, or conversion of vessels as author-ized by law, including armor and armament thereof, plant equipment, appliances, and ma-chine tools and installation thereof in public and private plants; reserve plant and Govern-ment and contractor-owned equipment layaway; procurement of critical, long lead time compo-nents and designs for vessels to be constructed or converted in the future; and expansion of public and private plants, including land nec-essary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title, as follows: Ohio Replacement Submarine (AP), $842,853,000; Carrier Replacement Program, $1,869,646,000; Carrier Replacement Program (AP), $2,561,058,000; Virginia Class Submarine, $3,305,315,000; Virginia Class Submarine (AP), $1,920,596,000; CVN Refueling Overhauls, $1,569,669,000; CVN Refueling Overhauls (AP), $75,897,000; DDG–1000 Program, $164,976,000; DDG–51 Destroyer, $3,499,079,000; DDG–51 Destroyer (AP), $90,336,000; Littoral Combat Ship, $1,566,971,000; Expeditionary Sea Base, $635,000,000; LHA Replacement, $1,695,077,000; TAO Fleet Oiler, $449,415,000; TAO Fleet Oiler (AP), $75,068,000; Ship to Shore Connector, $390,554,000; Service Craft, $23,994,000; Towing, Salvage, and Rescue Ship, $76,204,000; LCU 1700, $31,850,000; For outfitting, post delivery, conversions, and first destination transportation, $542,626,000; and Completion of Prior Year Shipbuilding Pro-grams, $117,542,000. In all: $21,503,726,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2022: Provided, That additional obligations may be incurred after September 30, 2022, for engineering serv-ices, tests, evaluations, and other such budgeted work that must be performed in the final stage of ship construction: Provided further, That none of the funds provided under this heading for the construction or conversion of any naval vessel to be constructed in shipyards in the United States shall be expended in foreign fa-cilities for the construction of major components of such vessel: Provided further, That none of the funds provided under this heading shall be used for the construction of any naval vessel in foreign shipyards: Provided further, That funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act for production of the common missile compartment of nuclear-powered vessels may be available for multiyear procurement of critical components to support continuous production of such compartments only in accordance with the provisions of subsection (i) of section 2218a of title 10, United States Code (as added by section 1023 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328)). OTHER PROCUREMENT , NAVY For procurement, production, and moderniza-tion of support equipment and materials not otherwise provided for, Navy ordnance (except ordnance for new aircraft, new ships, and ships authorized for conversion); the purchase of pas-senger motor vehicles for replacement only; ex-pansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and con-struction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway, $7,852,952,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. P
ROCUREMENT , MARINE CORPS For expenses necessary for the procurement, manufacture, and modification of missiles, ar-mament, military equipment, spare parts, and accessories therefor; plant equipment, appli-ances, and machine tools, and installation thereof in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; vehicles for the Marine Corps, including the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; and expan-sion of public and private plants, including land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title, $1,818,846,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. A
IRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE For construction, procurement, and modifica-tion of aircraft and equipment, including armor and armament, specialized ground handling equipment, and training devices, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment; expansion of public and private plants, Govern-ment-owned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and ac-quisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be ac-quired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Gov-ernment and contractor-owned equipment lay-away; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and trans-portation of things, $16,553,196,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. M
ISSILE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE For construction, procurement, and modifica-tion of missiles, rockets, and related equipment, including spare parts and accessories therefor; ground handling equipment, and training de-vices; expansion of public and private plants, Government-owned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing pur-poses, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted there-on prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and trans-portation of things, $2,203,101,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.027 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6375 July 26, 2017 
SPACE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE For construction, procurement, and modifica-tion of spacecraft, rockets, and related equip-ment, including spare parts and accessories therefor; ground handling equipment, and training devices; expansion of public and pri-vate plants, Government-owned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the fore-going purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; re-serve plant and Government and contractor- owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and transportation of things, $3,210,355,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. P
ROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , AIRFORCE For construction, procurement, production, and modification of ammunition, and acces-sories therefor; specialized equipment and train-ing devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facilities, author-ized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and inter-ests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and pri-vate plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor-owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing pur-poses, $1,316,977,000, to remain available for ob-ligation until September 30, 2020. O
THER PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE For procurement and modification of equip-ment (including ground guidance and electronic control equipment, and ground electronic and communication equipment), and supplies, mate-rials, and spare parts therefor, not otherwise provided for; the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; lease of passenger motor vehicles; and expansion of public and pri-vate plants, Government-owned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the fore-going purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon, prior to approval of title; re-serve plant and Government and contractor- owned equipment layaway, $19,318,814,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. P
ROCUREMENT , DEFENSE -WIDE For expenses of activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments) necessary for procurement, pro-duction, and modification of equipment, sup-plies, materials, and spare parts therefor, not otherwise provided for; the purchase of pas-senger motor vehicles for replacement only; ex-pansion of public and private plants, equip-ment, and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and con-struction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and con-tractor-owned equipment layaway, $5,239,239,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. D
EFENSE PRODUCTION ACTPURCHASES  For activities by the Department of Defense pursuant to sections 108, 301, 302, and 303 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4518, 4531, 4532, and 4533), $67,401,000, to remain available until expended. P
ROCUREMENT , NATIONAL DEFENSE  R
ESTORATION FUND 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, there is appropriated $12,622,931,000, for the ‘‘Procurement, National Defense Res-toration Fund’’: Provided, That such funds pro-vided under this heading shall only be available for programs, projects and activities necessary to implement the 2018 National Defense Strat-egy: Provided further, That such funds shall not be available for transfer until 30 days after the Secretary has submitted, and the congres-sional defense committees have approved, the proposed allocation plan for the use of such funds to implement such strategy: Provided fur-ther, That such allocation plan shall include a detailed justification for the use of such funds and a description of how such investments are necessary to implement the strategy: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may transfer these funds only to procurement ac-counts: Provided further, That the funds trans-ferred shall be merged with and shall be avail-able for the same purposes and for the same time period, as the appropriation to which trans-ferred: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be transferred to any program, project, or activity specifically limited or denied by this Act: Pro-vided further, That the transfer authority pro-vided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Depart-ment of Defense. TITLE IV RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , ARMY For expenses necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and eval-uation, including maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $9,674,222,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019. R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , NAVY For expenses necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and eval-uation, including maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $17,196,521,000, to remain available for obliga-tion until September 30, 2019: Provided, That funds appropriated in this paragraph which are available for the V–22 may be used to meet unique operational requirements of the Special Operations Forces. R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , AIRFORCE For expenses necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and eval-uation, including maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $33,874,980,000, to remain available for obliga-tion until September 30, 2019. R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , DEFENSE -WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses of activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and eval-uation; advanced research projects as may be designated and determined by the Secretary of Defense, pursuant to law; maintenance, reha-bilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $20,698,353,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019: Pro-vided, That, of the funds made available in this paragraph, $250,000,000 for the Defense Rapid Innovation Program shall only be available for expenses, not otherwise provided for, to include program management and oversight, to conduct research, development, test and evaluation to include proof of concept demonstration; engi-neering, testing, and validation; and transition to full-scale production: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may transfer funds provided herein for the Defense Rapid Innova-tion Program to appropriations for research, de-velopment, test and evaluation to accomplish the purpose provided herein: Provided further, That this transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not fewer than 30 days prior to making transfers from this appro-priation, notify the congressional defense com-mittees in writing of the details of any such transfer. OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION , DEFENSE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, nec-essary for the independent activities of the Di-rector, Operational Test and Evaluation, in the direction and supervision of operational test and evaluation, including initial operational test and evaluation which is conducted prior to, and in support of, production decisions; joint operational testing and evaluation; and admin-istrative expenses in connection therewith, $210,900,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019. R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND EVALUA -
TION, NATIONAL DEFENSE RESTORATION FUND 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, there is appropriated $1,000,000,000, for the ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evalua-tion, National Defense Restoration Fund’’: Pro-vided, That such funds provided under this heading shall only be available for programs, projects and activities necessary to implement the 2018 National Defense Strategy: Provided further, That such funds shall not be available for transfer until 30 days after the Secretary has submitted, and the congressional defense com-mittees have approved, the proposed allocation plan for the use of such funds to implement such strategy: Provided further, That such allo-cation plan shall include a detailed justification for the use of such funds and a description of how such investments are necessary to imple-ment the strategy: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may transfer these funds only to research, development, test and evalua-tion accounts: Provided further, That the funds transferred shall be merged with and shall be available for the same purposes and for the same time period, as the appropriation to which transferred: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be transferred to any program, project, or activity specifically limited or denied by this Act; Pro-vided further, That the transfer authority pro-vided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Depart-ment of Defense. TITLE V REVOLVING AND MANAGEMENT FUNDS D
EFENSE WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS For the Defense Working Capital Funds, $1,586,596,000. TITLE VI OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROGRAMS D
EFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, for medical and health care programs of the De-partment of Defense as authorized by law, $33,931,566,000; of which $31,735,923,000 shall be for operation and maintenance, of which not to exceed one percent shall remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019, and of which up to $15,349,700,000 may be available for contracts entered into under the TRICARE pro-gram; of which $895,328,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020, shall be for procurement; and of which $1,300,315,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019, shall be for research, development, test and evaluation: Provided, That, notwith-standing any other provision of law, of the amount made available under this heading for research, development, test and evaluation, not less than $8,000,000 shall be available for HIV 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.027 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6376 July 26, 2017 
prevention educational activities undertaken in connection with United States military training, exercises, and humanitarian assistance activi-ties conducted primarily in African nations: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading for research, development, test and evaluation, not less than $627,100,000 shall be made available to the United States Army Medical Research and Materiel Command to carry out the congressionally directed medical research programs. C
HEMICAL AGENTS AND MUNITIONS  D
ESTRUCTION , DEFENSE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, nec-essary for the destruction of the United States stockpile of lethal chemical agents and muni-tions in accordance with the provisions of sec-tion 1412 of the Department of Defense Author-ization Act, 1986 (50 U.S.C. 1521), and for the destruction of other chemical warfare materials that are not in the chemical weapon stockpile, $961,732,000, of which $104,237,000 shall be for operation and maintenance, of which no less than $49,401,000 shall be for the Chemical Stock-pile Emergency Preparedness Program, con-sisting of $21,045,000 for activities on military in-stallations and $28,356,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, to assist State and local governments; $18,081,000 shall be for pro-curement, to remain available until September 30, 2020, of which $18,081,000 shall be for the Chemical Stockpile Emergency Preparedness Program to assist State and local governments; and $839,414,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019, shall be for research, develop-ment, test and evaluation, of which $750,700,000 shall only be for the Assembled Chemical Weap-ons Alternatives program. D
RUGINTERDICTION AND COUNTER -DRUG A
CTIVITIES , DEFENSE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For drug interdiction and counter-drug activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for transfer to appropriations available to the Department of Defense for military personnel of the reserve components serving under the provisions of title 10 and title 32, United States Code; for operation and maintenance; for procurement; and for re-search, development, test and evaluation, $854,814,000, of which $532,648,000 shall be for counter-narcotics support; $120,813,000 shall be for the drug demand reduction program; and $201,353,000 shall be for the National Guard counter-drug program: Provided, That the funds appropriated under this heading shall be avail-able for obligation for the same time period and for the same purpose as the appropriation to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not nec-essary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appro-priation: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in ad-dition to any other transfer authority contained elsewhere in this Act. O
FFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL  For expenses and activities of the Office of the Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amend-ed, $336,887,000, of which $334,087,000 shall be for operation and maintenance, of which not to exceed $700,000 is available for emergencies and extraordinary expenses to be expended on the approval or authority of the Inspector General, and payments may be made on the Inspector General’s certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes; and of which $2,800,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2019, shall be for research, development, test and evaluation. TITLE VII RELATED AGENCIES C
ENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY RETIREMENT  
ANDDISABILITY SYSTEM FUND For payment to the Central Intelligence Agen-cy Retirement and Disability System Fund, to maintain the proper funding level for con-tinuing the operation of the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, $514,000,000. INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY MANAGEMENT  A
CCOUNT  For necessary expenses of the Intelligence Community Management Account, $522,100,000. TITLE VIII GENERAL PROVISIONS S
EC. 8001. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this Act shall be used for publicity or propaganda purposes not authorized by the Congress. S
EC. 8002. During the current fiscal year, pro-visions of law prohibiting the payment of com-pensation to, or employment of, any person not a citizen of the United States shall not apply to personnel of the Department of Defense: Pro-vided, That salary increases granted to direct and indirect hire foreign national employees of the Department of Defense funded by this Act shall not be at a rate in excess of the percentage increase authorized by law for civilian employ-ees of the Department of Defense whose pay is computed under the provisions of section 5332 of title 5, United States Code, or at a rate in excess of the percentage increase provided by the ap-propriate host nation to its own employees, whichever is higher: Provided further, That this section shall not apply to Department of De-fense foreign service national employees serving at United States diplomatic missions whose pay is set by the Department of State under the For-eign Service Act of 1980: Provided further, That the limitations of this provision shall not apply to foreign national employees of the Department of Defense in the Republic of Turkey. S
EC. 8003. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this Act shall remain available for ob-ligation beyond the current fiscal year, unless expressly so provided herein. S
EC. 8004. No more than 20 percent of the ap-propriations in this Act which are limited for obligation during the current fiscal year shall be obligated during the last 2 months of the fiscal year: Provided, That this section shall not apply to obligations for support of active duty training of reserve components or summer camp training of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8005. Upon determination by the Sec-retary of Defense that such action is necessary in the national interest, he may, with the ap-proval of the Office of Management and Budget, transfer not to exceed $4,500,000,000 of working capital funds of the Department of Defense or funds made available in this Act to the Depart-ment of Defense for military functions (except military construction) between such appropria-tions or funds or any subdivision thereof, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes, and for the same time period, as the appropriation or fund to which transferred: Provided, That such authority to transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on unforeseen military requirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which funds are re-quested has been denied by the Congress: Pro-vided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall notify the Congress promptly of all trans-fers made pursuant to this authority or any other authority in this Act: Provided further, That no part of the funds in this Act shall be available to prepare or present a request to the Committees on Appropriations for reprogram-ming of funds, unless for higher priority items, based on unforeseen military requirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which reprogramming is requested has been denied by the Congress: Provided further, That a request for multiple reprogrammings of funds using authority pro-vided in this section shall be made prior to June 30, 2017: Provided further, That transfers among military personnel appropriations shall not be taken into account for purposes of the limitation on the amount of funds that may be transferred under this section. SEC. 8006. (a) With regard to the list of spe-cific programs, projects, and activities (and the dollar amounts and adjustments to budget ac-tivities corresponding to such programs, projects, and activities) contained in the tables titled Explanation of Project Level Adjustments in the explanatory statement regarding this Act, the obligation and expenditure of amounts ap-propriated or otherwise made available in this Act for those programs, projects, and activities for which the amounts appropriated exceed the amounts requested are hereby required by law to be carried out in the manner provided by such tables to the same extent as if the tables were in-cluded in the text of this Act. (b) Amounts specified in the referenced tables described in subsection (a) shall not be treated as subdivisions of appropriations for purposes of section 8005 of this Act: Provided, That section 8005 shall apply when transfers of the amounts described in subsection (a) occur between appro-priation accounts. S
EC. 8007. (a) Not later than 60 days after en-actment of this Act, the Department of Defense shall submit a report to the congressional de-fense committees to establish the baseline for ap-plication of reprogramming and transfer au-thorities for fiscal year 2018: Provided, That the report shall include— (1) a table for each appropriation with a sepa-rate column to display the President’s budget re-quest, adjustments made by Congress, adjust-ments due to enacted rescissions, if appropriate, and the fiscal year enacted level; (2) a delineation in the table for each appro-priation both by budget activity and program, project, and activity as detailed in the Budget Appendix; and (3) an identification of items of special con-gressional interest. (b) Notwithstanding section 8005 of this Act, none of the funds provided in this Act shall be available for reprogramming or transfer until the report identified in subsection (a) is sub-mitted to the congressional defense committees, unless the Secretary of Defense certifies in writ-ing to the congressional defense committees that such reprogramming or transfer is necessary as an emergency requirement: Provided, That this subsection shall not apply to transfers from the following appropriations accounts: (1) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Army’’; (2) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Navy’’ ; (3) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Air Force’’; (4) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Defense- Wide’’ (5) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Formerly Used Defense Sites’’; and (6) ‘‘Drug Interdiction and Counter-drug Ac-tivities, Defense’’. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8008. During the current fiscal year, cash balances in working capital funds of the De-partment of Defense established pursuant to sec-tion 2208 of title 10, United States Code, may be maintained in only such amounts as are nec-essary at any time for cash disbursements to be made from such funds: Provided, That transfers may be made between such funds: Provided fur-ther, That transfers may be made between work-ing capital funds and the ‘‘Foreign Currency Fluctuations, Defense’’ appropriation and the ‘‘Operation and Maintenance’’ appropriation accounts in such amounts as may be determined by the Secretary of Defense, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, except that such transfers may not be made unless the Secretary of Defense has notified the Congress of the proposed transfer: Provided further, That except in amounts equal to the amounts appro-priated to working capital funds in this Act, no obligations may be made against a working cap-ital fund to procure or increase the value of war 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.027 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6377 July 26, 2017 
reserve material inventory, unless the Secretary of Defense has notified the Congress prior to any such obligation. S
EC. 8009. Funds appropriated by this Act may not be used to initiate a special access pro-gram without prior notification 30 calendar days in advance to the congressional defense committees. S
EC. 8010. None of the funds provided in this Act shall be available to initiate: (1) a multiyear contract that employs economic order quantity procurement in excess of $20,000,000 in any one year of the contract or that includes an un-funded contingent liability in excess of $20,000,000; or (2) a contract for advance pro-curement leading to a multiyear contract that employs economic order quantity procurement in excess of $20,000,000 in any one year, unless the congressional defense committees have been no-tified at least 30 days in advance of the pro-posed contract award: Provided, That no part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be available to initiate a multiyear contract for which the economic order quantity advance pro-curement is not funded at least to the limits of the Government’s liability: Provided further, That no part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be available to initiate multiyear procurement contracts for any systems or com-ponent thereof if the value of the multiyear con-tract would exceed $500,000,000 unless specifi-cally provided in this Act: Provided further, That no multiyear procurement contract can be terminated without 30-day prior notification to the congressional defense committees: Provided further, That the execution of multiyear author-ity shall require the use of a present value anal-ysis to determine lowest cost compared to an an-nual procurement: Provided further, That none of the funds provided in this Act may be used for a multiyear contract executed after the date of the enactment of this Act unless in the case of any such contract— (1) the Secretary of Defense has submitted to Congress a budget request for full funding of units to be procured through the contract and, in the case of a contract for procurement of air-craft, that includes, for any aircraft unit to be procured through the contract for which pro-curement funds are requested in that budget re-quest for production beyond advance procure-ment activities in the fiscal year covered by the budget, full funding of procurement of such unit in that fiscal year; (2) cancellation provisions in the contract do not include consideration of recurring manufac-turing costs of the contractor associated with the production of unfunded units to be delivered under the contract; (3) the contract provides that payments to the contractor under the contract shall not be made in advance of incurred costs on funded units; and (4) the contract does not provide for a price adjustment based on a failure to award a fol-low-on contract. Funds appropriated in title III of this Act may be used, subject to section 2306b of title 10 , United States Code, for multiyear procurement contracts as follows: V-22 Osprey aircraft variants; SSN Virginia Class Submarine and Government-furnished equipment; and up to 10 DDG-51 Arleigh Burke class Flight III guided missile destroyers, the MK 41 Vertical Launch-ing Systems, and associated Government-fur-nished systems and subsystems. S
EC. 8011. Within the funds appropriated for the operation and maintenance of the Armed Forces, funds are hereby appropriated pursuant to section 401 of title 10, United States Code, for humanitarian and civic assistance costs under chapter 20 of title 10, United States Code. Such funds may also be obligated for humanitarian and civic assistance costs incidental to author-ized operations and pursuant to authority granted in section 401 of chapter 20 of title 10, United States Code, and these obligations shall be reported as required by section 401(d) of title 10, United States Code: Provided, That funds available for operation and maintenance shall be available for providing humanitarian and similar assistance by using Civic Action Teams in the Trust Territories of the Pacific Islands and freely associated states of Micronesia, pur-suant to the Compact of Free Association as au-thorized by Public Law 99–239: Provided fur-ther, That upon a determination by the Sec-retary of the Army that such action is beneficial for graduate medical education programs con-ducted at Army medical facilities located in Ha-waii, the Secretary of the Army may authorize the provision of medical services at such facili-ties and transportation to such facilities, on a nonreimbursable basis, for civilian patients from American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, the Marshall Is-lands, the Federated States of Micronesia, Palau, and Guam. SEC. 8012. (a) During the current fiscal year, the civilian personnel of the Department of De-fense may not be managed on the basis of any end-strength, and the management of such per-sonnel during that fiscal year shall not be sub-ject to any constraint or limitation (known as an end-strength) on the number of such per-sonnel who may be employed on the last day of such fiscal year. (b) The fiscal year 2019 budget request for the Department of Defense as well as all justifica-tion material and other documentation sup-porting the fiscal year 2019 Department of De-fense budget request shall be prepared and sub-mitted to the Congress as if subsections (a) and (b) of this provision were effective with regard to fiscal year 2019. (c) As required by section 1107 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note) civilian personnel at the Department of Army Science and Technology Reinvention Laboratories may not be managed on the basis of the Table of Dis-tribution and Allowances, and the management of the workforce strength shall be done in a manner consistent with the budget available with respect to such Laboratories. (d) Nothing in this section shall be construed to apply to military (civilian) technicians. S
EC. 8013. None of the funds made available by this Act shall be used in any way, directly or indirectly, to influence congressional action on any legislation or appropriation matters pend-ing before the Congress. S
EC. 8014. None of the funds appropriated by this Act shall be available for the basic pay and allowances of any member of the Army partici-pating as a full-time student and receiving bene-fits paid by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs from the Department of Defense Education Ben-efits Fund when time spent as a full-time stu-dent is credited toward completion of a service commitment: Provided, That this section shall not apply to those members who have reenlisted with this option prior to October 1, 1987: Pro-vided further, That this section applies only to active components of the Army. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8015. Funds appropriated in title III of this Act for the Department of Defense Pilot Mentor-Prote´ge´Program may be transferred to any other appropriation contained in this Act solely for the purpose of implementing a Men-tor-Prote´ge´Program developmental assistance agreement pursuant to section 831 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991 (Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note), as amended, under the authority of this provision or any other transfer authority con-tained in this Act. S
EC. 8016. None of the funds in this Act may be available for the purchase by the Department of Defense (and its departments and agencies) of welded shipboard anchor and mooring chain 4 inches in diameter and under unless the anchor and mooring chain are manufactured in the United States from components which are sub-stantially manufactured in the United States: Provided, That for the purpose of this section, the term ‘‘manufactured’’ shall include cutting, heat treating, quality control, testing of chain and welding (including the forging and shot blasting process): Provided further, That for the purpose of this section substantially all of the components of anchor and mooring chain shall be considered to be produced or manufactured in the United States if the aggregate cost of the components produced or manufactured in the United States exceeds the aggregate cost of the components produced or manufactured outside the United States: Provided further, That when adequate domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense requirements on a timely basis, the Secretary of the service respon-sible for the procurement may waive this restric-tion on a case-by-case basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security pur-poses. SEC. 8017. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense may be used to demili-tarize or dispose of M–1 Carbines, M–1 Garand rifles, M–14 rifles, .22 caliber rifles, .30 caliber ri-fles, or M–1911 pistols, or to demilitarize or de-stroy small arms ammunition or ammunition components that are not otherwise prohibited from commercial sale under Federal law, unless the small arms ammunition or ammunition com-ponents are certified by the Secretary of the Army or designee as unserviceable or unsafe for further use. S
EC. 8018. No more than $500,000 of the funds appropriated or made available in this Act shall be used during a single fiscal year for any single relocation of an organization, unit, activity or function of the Department of Defense into or within the National Capital Region: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense may waive this restriction on a case-by-case basis by certifying in writing to the congressional defense commit-tees that such a relocation is required in the best interest of the Government. S
EC. 8019. Of the funds made available in this Act, $20,000,000 shall be available for incentive payments authorized by section 504 of the In-dian Financing Act of 1974 (25 U.S.C. 1544): Pro-vided, That a prime contractor or a subcon-tractor at any tier that makes a subcontract award to any subcontractor or supplier as de-fined in section 1544 of title 25, United States Code, or a small business owned and controlled by an individual or individuals defined under section 4221(9) of title 25, United States Code, shall be considered a contractor for the purposes of being allowed additional compensation under section 504 of the Indian Financing Act of 1974 (25 U.S.C. 1544) whenever the prime contract or subcontract amount is over $500,000 and in-volves the expenditure of funds appropriated by an Act making appropriations for the Depart-ment of Defense with respect to any fiscal year: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 1906 of title 41, United States Code, this section shall be applicable to any Department of De-fense acquisition of supplies or services, includ-ing any contract and any subcontract at any tier for acquisition of commercial items produced or manufactured, in whole or in part, by any subcontractor or supplier defined in section 1544 of title 25, United States Code, or a small busi-ness owned and controlled by an individual or individuals defined under section 4221(9) of title 25, United States Code. S
EC. 8020. Funds appropriated by this Act for the Defense Media Activity shall not be used for any national or international political or psy-chological activities. S
EC. 8021. During the current fiscal year, the Department of Defense is authorized to incur obligations of not to exceed $350,000,000 for pur-poses specified in section 2350j(c) of title 10, United States Code, in anticipation of receipt of contributions, only from the Government of Ku-wait, under that section: Provided, That, upon 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.027 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6378 July 26, 2017 
receipt, such contributions from the Government of Kuwait shall be credited to the appropria-tions or fund which incurred such obligations. S
EC. 8022. (a) Of the funds made available in this Act, not less than $43,100,000 shall be avail-able for the Civil Air Patrol Corporation, of which— (1) $30,800,000 shall be available from ‘‘Oper-ation and Maintenance, Air Force’’ to support Civil Air Patrol Corporation operation and maintenance, readiness, counter-drug activities, and drug demand reduction activities involving youth programs; (2) $10,600,000 shall be available from ‘‘Air-craft Procurement, Air Force’’; and (3) $1,700,000 shall be available from ‘‘Other Procurement, Air Force’’ for vehicle procure-ment. (b) The Secretary of the Air Force should waive reimbursement for any funds used by the Civil Air Patrol for counter-drug activities in support of Federal, State, and local government agencies. S
EC. 8023. (a) None of the funds appropriated in this Act are available to establish a new De-partment of Defense (department) federally funded research and development center (FFRDC), either as a new entity, or as a sepa-rate entity administrated by an organization managing another FFRDC, or as a nonprofit membership corporation consisting of a consor-tium of other FFRDCs and other nonprofit enti-ties. (b) No member of a Board of Directors, Trust-ees, Overseers, Advisory Group, Special Issues Panel, Visiting Committee, or any similar entity of a defense FFRDC, and no paid consultant to any defense FFRDC, except when acting in a technical advisory capacity, may be com-pensated for his or her services as a member of such entity, or as a paid consultant by more than one FFRDC in a fiscal year: Provided, That a member of any such entity referred to previously in this subsection shall be allowed travel expenses and per diem as authorized under the Federal Joint Travel Regulations, when engaged in the performance of member-ship duties. (c) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds available to the depart-ment from any source during the current fiscal year may be used by a defense FFRDC, through a fee or other payment mechanism, for construc-tion of new buildings not located on a military installation, for payment of cost sharing for projects funded by Government grants, for ab-sorption of contract overruns, or for certain charitable contributions, not to include em-ployee participation in community service and/ or development. (d) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, of the funds available to the department during fiscal year 2018, not more than 6,000 staff years of technical effort (staff years) may be funded for defense FFRDCs: Provided, That, of the specific amount referred to previously in this subsection, not more than 1,180 staff years may be funded for the defense studies and analysis FFRDCs: Provided further, That this subsection shall not apply to staff years funded in the Na-tional Intelligence Program (NIP) and the Mili-tary Intelligence Program (MIP). (e) The Secretary of Defense shall, with the submission of the department’s fiscal year 2019 budget request, submit a report presenting the specific amounts of staff years of technical ef-fort to be allocated for each defense FFRDC during that fiscal year and the associated budg-et estimates. (f) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the total amount appropriated in this Act for FFRDCs is hereby reduced by $210,000,000. S
EC. 8024. None of the funds appropriated or made available in this Act shall be used to pro-cure carbon, alloy, or armor steel plate for use in any Government-owned facility or property under the control of the Department of Defense which were not melted and rolled in the United States or Canada: Provided, That these procure-ment restrictions shall apply to any and all Fed-eral Supply Class 9515, American Society of Testing and Materials (ASTM) or American Iron and Steel Institute (AISI) specifications of car-bon, alloy or armor steel plate: Provided further, That the Secretary of the military department responsible for the procurement may waive this restriction on a case-by-case basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that adequate domestic supplies are not avail-able to meet Department of Defense require-ments on a timely basis and that such an acqui-sition must be made in order to acquire capa-bility for national security purposes: Provided further, That these restrictions shall not apply to contracts which are in being as of the date of the enactment of this Act. SEC. 8025. For the purposes of this Act, the term ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ means the Armed Services Committee of the House of Representatives, the Armed Services Committee of the Senate, the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives. S
EC. 8026. During the current fiscal year, the Department of Defense may acquire the modi-fication, depot maintenance and repair of air-craft, vehicles and vessels as well as the produc-tion of components and other Defense-related articles, through competition between Depart-ment of Defense depot maintenance activities and private firms: Provided, That the Senior Ac-quisition Executive of the military department or Defense Agency concerned, with power of delegation, shall certify that successful bids in-clude comparable estimates of all direct and in-direct costs for both public and private bids: Provided further, That Office of Management and Budget Circular A–76 shall not apply to competitions conducted under this section. S
EC. 8027. (a)(1) If the Secretary of Defense, after consultation with the United States Trade Representative, determines that a foreign coun-try which is party to an agreement described in paragraph (2) has violated the terms of the agreement by discriminating against certain types of products produced in the United States that are covered by the agreement, the Secretary of Defense shall rescind the Secretary’s blanket waiver of the Buy American Act with respect to such types of products produced in that foreign country. (2) An agreement referred to in paragraph (1) is any reciprocal defense procurement memo-randum of understanding, between the United States and a foreign country pursuant to which the Secretary of Defense has prospectively waived the Buy American Act for certain prod-ucts in that country. (b) The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Congress a report on the amount of Depart-ment of Defense purchases from foreign entities in fiscal year 2018. Such report shall separately indicate the dollar value of items for which the Buy American Act was waived pursuant to any agreement described in subsection (a)(2), the Trade Agreement Act of 1979 (19 U.S.C. 2501 et seq.), or any international agreement to which the United States is a party. (c) For purposes of this section, the term Buy American Act means chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. S
EC. 8028. During the current fiscal year, amounts contained in the Department of De-fense Overseas Military Facility Investment Re-covery Account established by section 2921(c)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act of 1991 (Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note) shall be available until expended for the pay-ments specified by section 2921(c)(2) of that Act. S
EC. 8029. (a) Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, the Secretary of the Air Force may convey at no cost to the Air Force, without consideration, to Indian tribes located in the States of Nevada, Idaho, North Dakota, South Dakota, Montana, Oregon, Minnesota, and Washington relocatable military housing units located at Grand Forks Air Force Base, Malmstrom Air Force Base, Mountain Home Air Force Base, Ellsworth Air Force Base, and Minot Air Force Base that are excess to the needs of the Air Force. (b) The Secretary of the Air Force shall con-vey, at no cost to the Air Force, military hous-ing units under subsection (a) in accordance with the request for such units that are sub-mitted to the Secretary by the Operation Walk-ing Shield Program on behalf of Indian tribes located in the States of Nevada, Idaho, North Dakota, South Dakota, Montana, Oregon, Min-nesota, and Washington. Any such conveyance shall be subject to the condition that the hous-ing units shall be removed within a reasonable period of time, as determined by the Secretary. (c) The Operation Walking Shield Program shall resolve any conflicts among requests of In-dian tribes for housing units under subsection (a) before submitting requests to the Secretary of the Air Force under subsection (b). (d) In this section, the term Indian tribe means any recognized Indian tribe included on the current list published by the Secretary of the Interior under section 104 of the Federally Rec-ognized Indian Tribe Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–454; 108 Stat. 4792; 25 U.S.C. 479a–1). SEC. 8030. During the current fiscal year, ap-propriations which are available to the Depart-ment of Defense for operation and maintenance may be used to purchase items having an invest-ment item unit cost of not more than $250,000. S
EC. 8031. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to— (1) disestablish, or prepare to disestablish, a Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program in accordance with Department of Defense In-struction Number 1215.08, dated June 26, 2006; or (2) close, downgrade from host to extension center, or place on probation a Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program in accordance with the information paper of the Department of the Army titled ‘‘Army Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps (SROTC) Program Review and Criteria’’, dated January 27, 2014. S
EC. 8032. The Secretary of Defense shall issue regulations to prohibit the sale of any tobacco or tobacco-related products in military resale outlets in the United States, its territories and possessions at a price below the most competitive price in the local community: Provided, That such regulations shall direct that the prices of tobacco or tobacco-related products in overseas military retail outlets shall be within the range of prices established for military retail system stores located in the United States. S
EC. 8033. (a) During the current fiscal year, none of the appropriations or funds available to the Department of Defense Working Capital Funds shall be used for the purchase of an in-vestment item for the purpose of acquiring a new inventory item for sale or anticipated sale during the current fiscal year or a subsequent fiscal year to customers of the Department of Defense Working Capital Funds if such an item would not have been chargeable to the Depart-ment of Defense Business Operations Fund dur-ing fiscal year 1994 and if the purchase of such an investment item would be chargeable during the current fiscal year to appropriations made to the Department of Defense for procurement. (b) The fiscal year 2019 budget request for the Department of Defense as well as all justifica-tion material and other documentation sup-porting the fiscal year 2019 Department of De-fense budget shall be prepared and submitted to the Congress on the basis that any equipment which was classified as an end item and funded in a procurement appropriation contained in this Act shall be budgeted for in a proposed fis-cal year 2019 procurement appropriation and not in the supply management business area or any other area or category of the Department of Defense Working Capital Funds. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.027 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6379 July 26, 2017 
SEC. 8034. None of the funds appropriated by this Act for programs of the Central Intelligence Agency shall remain available for obligation be-yond the current fiscal year, except for funds appropriated for the Reserve for Contingencies, which shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That funds appropriated, trans-ferred, or otherwise credited to the Central In-telligence Agency Central Services Working Capital Fund during this or any prior or subse-quent fiscal year shall remain available until ex-pended: Provided further, That any funds ap-propriated or transferred to the Central Intel-ligence Agency for advanced research and de-velopment acquisition, for agent operations, and for covert action programs authorized by the President under section 503 of the National Se-curity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3093) shall remain available until September 30, 2019. S
EC. 8035. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, funds made available in this Act and hereafter for the Defense Intelligence Agen-cy may be used for the design, development, and deployment of General Defense Intelligence Pro-gram intelligence communications and intel-ligence information systems for the Services, the Unified and Specified Commands, and the com-ponent commands. S
EC. 8036. Of the funds appropriated to the Department of Defense under the heading ‘‘Op-eration and Maintenance, Defense-Wide’’, not less than $12,000,000 shall be made available only for the mitigation of environmental im-pacts, including training and technical assist-ance to tribes, related administrative support, the gathering of information, documenting of environmental damage, and developing a system for prioritization of mitigation and cost to com-plete estimates for mitigation, on Indian lands resulting from Department of Defense activities. S
EC. 8037. (a) None of the funds appropriated in this Act may be expended by an entity of the Department of Defense unless the entity, in ex-pending the funds, complies with the Buy Amer-ican Act. For purposes of this subsection, the term Buy American Act means chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. (b) If the Secretary of Defense determines that a person has been convicted of intentionally affixing a label bearing a ‘‘Made in America’’ inscription to any product sold in or shipped to the United States that is not made in America, the Secretary shall determine, in accordance with section 2410f of title 10, United States Code, whether the person should be debarred from contracting with the Department of Defense. (c) In the case of any equipment or products purchased with appropriations provided under this Act, it is the sense of the Congress that any entity of the Department of Defense, in expend-ing the appropriation, purchase only American- made equipment and products, provided that American-made equipment and products are cost-competitive, quality competitive, and avail-able in a timely fashion. S
EC. 8038. (a) Except as provided in sub-sections (b) and (c), none of the funds made available by this Act may be used— (1) to establish a field operating agency; or (2) to pay the basic pay of a member of the Armed Forces or civilian employee of the depart-ment who is transferred or reassigned from a headquarters activity if the member or employ-ee’s place of duty remains at the location of that headquarters. (b) The Secretary of Defense or Secretary of a military department may waive the limitations in subsection (a), on a case-by-case basis, if the Secretary determines, and certifies to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate that the granting of the waiver will reduce the personnel require-ments or the financial requirements of the de-partment. (c) This section does not apply to— (1) field operating agencies funded within the National Intelligence Program; (2) an Army field operating agency established to eliminate, mitigate, or counter the effects of improvised explosive devices, and, as determined by the Secretary of the Army, other similar threats; (3) an Army field operating agency established to improve the effectiveness and efficiencies of biometric activities and to integrate common bio-metric technologies throughout the Department of Defense; or (4) an Air Force field operating agency estab-lished to administer the Air Force Mortuary Af-fairs Program and Mortuary Operations for the Department of Defense and authorized Federal entities. SEC. 8039. (a) None of the funds appropriated by this Act shall be available to convert to con-tractor performance an activity or function of the Department of Defense that, on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, is performed by Department of Defense civilian employees unless— (1) the conversion is based on the result of a public-private competition that includes a most efficient and cost effective organization plan de-veloped by such activity or function; (2) the Competitive Sourcing Official deter-mines that, over all performance periods stated in the solicitation of offers for performance of the activity or function, the cost of performance of the activity or function by a contractor would be less costly to the Department of Defense by an amount that equals or exceeds the lesser of— (A) 10 percent of the most efficient organiza-tion’s personnel-related costs for performance of that activity or function by Federal employees; or (B) $10,000,000; and (3) the contractor does not receive an advan-tage for a proposal that would reduce costs for the Department of Defense by— (A) not making an employer-sponsored health insurance plan available to the workers who are to be employed in the performance of that activ-ity or function under the contract; or (B) offering to such workers an employer- sponsored health benefits plan that requires the employer to contribute less towards the premium or subscription share than the amount that is paid by the Department of Defense for health benefits for civilian employees under chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code. (b)(1) The Department of Defense, without re-gard to subsection (a) of this section or sub-section (a), (b), or (c) of section 2461 of title 10, United States Code, and notwithstanding any administrative regulation, requirement, or policy to the contrary shall have full authority to enter into a contract for the performance of any commercial or industrial type function of the Department of Defense that— (A) is included on the procurement list estab-lished pursuant to section 2 of the Javits-Wag-ner-O’Day Act (section 8503 of title 41, United States Code); (B) is planned to be converted to performance by a qualified nonprofit agency for the blind or by a qualified nonprofit agency for other se-verely handicapped individuals in accordance with that Act; or (C) is planned to be converted to performance by a qualified firm under at least 51 percent ownership by an Indian tribe, as defined in sec-tion 4(e) of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b(e)), or a Native Hawaiian Organization, as defined in section 8(a)(15) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(a)(15)). (2) This section shall not apply to depot con-tracts or contracts for depot maintenance as provided in sections 2469 and 2474 of title 10, United States Code. (c) The conversion of any activity or function of the Department of Defense under the author-ity provided by this section shall be credited to-ward any competitive or outsourcing goal, tar-get, or measurement that may be established by statute, regulation, or policy and is deemed to be awarded under the authority of, and in com-pliance with, subsection (h) of section 2304 of title 10, United States Code, for the competition or outsourcing of commercial activities. (RESCISSIONS)  S
EC. 8040. Of the funds appropriated in De-partment of Defense Appropriations Acts, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts and programs in the speci-fied amounts: Provided, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism or as an emer-gency requirement pursuant to the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended: ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Navy’’, 2016/2018, $274,000,000; ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Air Force’’, 2016/2018, $82,700,000; ‘‘Missile Procurement, Army’’, 2017/2019, $19,319,000; ‘‘Procurement of Weapons and Tracked Com-bat Vehicles, Army’’, 2017/2019, $9,764,000; ‘‘Other Procurement, Army’’, 2017/2019, $10,000,000; ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Navy’’, 2017/2019, $105,600,000; ‘‘Weapons Procurement, Navy’’, 2017/2019, $54,122,000; ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2017/ 2021, $45,116,000; ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Air Force’’, 2017/2019, $63,293,000; ‘‘Missile Procurement, Air Force’’, 2017/2019, $31,639,000; ‘‘Space Procurement, Air Force’’, 2017/2019, $15,000,000; ‘‘Other Procurement, Air Force’’, 2017/2019, $105,000,000; ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evalua-tion, Navy’’, 2017/2018, $34,128,000; ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evalua-tion, Air Force’’, 2017/2018, $41,700,000; S
EC. 8041. None of the funds available in this Act may be used to reduce the authorized posi-tions for military technicians (dual status) of the Army National Guard, Air National Guard, Army Reserve and Air Force Reserve for the purpose of applying any administratively im-posed civilian personnel ceiling, freeze, or reduc-tion on military technicians (dual status), un-less such reductions are a direct result of a re-duction in military force structure. S
EC. 8042. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act may be ob-ligated or expended for assistance to the Demo-cratic People’s Republic of Korea unless specifi-cally appropriated for that purpose. S
EC. 8043. Funds appropriated in this Act for operation and maintenance of the Military De-partments, Combatant Commands and Defense Agencies shall be available for reimbursement of pay, allowances and other expenses which would otherwise be incurred against appropria-tions for the National Guard and Reserve when members of the National Guard and Reserve provide intelligence or counterintelligence sup-port to Combatant Commands, Defense Agencies and Joint Intelligence Activities, including the activities and programs included within the Na-tional Intelligence Program and the Military In-telligence Program: Provided, That nothing in this section authorizes deviation from estab-lished Reserve and National Guard personnel and training procedures. S
EC. 8044. (a) None of the funds available to the Department of Defense for any fiscal year for drug interdiction or counter-drug activities may be transferred to any other department or agency of the United States except as specifi-cally provided in an appropriations law. (b) None of the funds available to the Central Intelligence Agency for any fiscal year for drug interdiction or counter-drug activities may be transferred to any other department or agency of the United States except as specifically pro-vided in an appropriations law. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.027 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6380 July 26, 2017 
SEC. 8045. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used for the procurement of ball and roller bearings other than those produced by a domestic source and of domestic origin: Provided, That the Secretary of the military de-partment responsible for such procurement may waive this restriction on a case-by-case basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Ap-propriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, that adequate domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense requirements on a timely basis and that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire ca-pability for national security purposes: Provided further, That this restriction shall not apply to the purchase of ‘‘commercial items’’, as defined by section 103 of title 41, United States Code, ex-cept that the restriction shall apply to ball or roller bearings purchased as end items. S
EC. 8046. None of the funds made available by this Act for Evolved Expendable Launch Ve-hicle service competitive procurements may be used unless the competitive procurements are open for award to all certified providers of Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle-class sys-tems: Provided, That the award shall be made to the provider that offers the best value to the government. S
EC. 8047. In addition to the amounts appro-priated or otherwise made available elsewhere in this Act, $44,000,000 is hereby appropriated to the Department of Defense: Provided, That upon the determination of the Secretary of De-fense that it shall serve the national interest, the Secretary shall make grants in the amounts specified as follows: $20,000,000 to the United Service Organizations and $24,000,000 to the Red Cross. S
EC. 8048. None of the funds in this Act may be used to purchase any supercomputer which is not manufactured in the United States, unless the Secretary of Defense certifies to the congres-sional defense committees that such an acquisi-tion must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes that is not avail-able from United States manufacturers. S
EC. 8049. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion in this Act, the Small Business Innovation Research program and the Small Business Tech-nology Transfer program set-asides shall be taken proportionally from all programs, projects, or activities to the extent they con-tribute to the extramural budget. S
EC. 8050. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense under this Act shall be obligated or expended to pay a contractor under a contract with the Department of Defense for costs of any amount paid by the contractor to an employee when— (1) such costs are for a bonus or otherwise in excess of the normal salary paid by the con-tractor to the employee; and (2) such bonus is part of restructuring costs associated with a business combination. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8051. During the current fiscal year, no more than $30,000,000 of appropriations made in this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide’’ may be trans-ferred to appropriations available for the pay of military personnel, to be merged with, and to be available for the same time period as the appro-priations to which transferred, to be used in support of such personnel in connection with support and services for eligible organizations and activities outside the Department of Defense pursuant to section 2012 of title 10, United States Code. S
EC. 8052. During the current fiscal year, in the case of an appropriation account of the De-partment of Defense for which the period of availability for obligation has expired or which has closed under the provisions of section 1552 of title 31, United States Code, and which has a negative unliquidated or unexpended balance, an obligation or an adjustment of an obligation may be charged to any current appropriation account for the same purpose as the expired or closed account if— (1) the obligation would have been properly chargeable (except as to amount) to the expired or closed account before the end of the period of availability or closing of that account; (2) the obligation is not otherwise properly chargeable to any current appropriation ac-count of the Department of Defense; and (3) in the case of an expired account, the obli-gation is not chargeable to a current appropria-tion of the Department of Defense under the provisions of section 1405(b)(8) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991, Public Law 101–510, as amended (31 U.S.C. 1551 note): Provided, That in the case of an expired account, if subsequent review or investigation discloses that there was not in fact a negative unliquidated or unexpended balance in the ac-count, any charge to a current account under the authority of this section shall be reversed and recorded against the expired account: Pro-vided further, That the total amount charged to a current appropriation under this section may not exceed an amount equal to 1 percent of the total appropriation for that account. SEC. 8053. (a) Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, the Chief of the National Guard Bureau may permit the use of equipment of the National Guard Distance Learning Project by any person or entity on a space-available, reim-bursable basis. The Chief of the National Guard Bureau shall establish the amount of reimburse-ment for such use on a case-by-case basis. (b) Amounts collected under subsection (a) shall be credited to funds available for the Na-tional Guard Distance Learning Project and be available to defray the costs associated with the use of equipment of the project under that sub-section. Such funds shall be available for such purposes without fiscal year limitation. S
EC. 8054. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense may be obligated to mod-ify command and control relationships to give Fleet Forces Command operational and adminis-trative control of United States Navy forces as-signed to the Pacific fleet: Provided, That the command and control relationships which ex-isted on October 1, 2004, shall remain in force until a written modification has been proposed to the House and Senate Appropriations Com-mittees: Provided further, That the proposed modification may be implemented 30 days after the notification unless an objection is received from either the House or Senate Appropriations Committees: Provided further, That any pro-posed modification shall not preclude the ability of the commander of United States Pacific Com-mand to meet operational requirements. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8055. Of the funds appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Mainte-nance, Defense-Wide’’, $25,000,000 shall be for continued implementation and expansion of the Sexual Assault Special Victims’ Counsel Pro-gram: Provided, That the funds are made avail-able for transfer to the Department of the Army, the Department of the Navy, and the Depart-ment of the Air Force: Provided further, That funds transferred shall be merged with and available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which the funds are transferred: Provided further, That this transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority provided in this Act. S
EC. 8056. None of the funds appropriated in title IV of this Act may be used to procure end- items for delivery to military forces for oper-ational training, operational use or inventory requirements: Provided, That this restriction does not apply to end-items used in develop-ment, prototyping, and test activities preceding and leading to acceptance for operational use: Provided further, That this restriction does not apply to programs funded within the National Intelligence Program: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may waive this restric-tion on a case-by-case basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that it is in the national security interest to do so. SEC. 8057. (a) The Secretary of Defense may, on a case-by-case basis, waive with respect to a foreign country each limitation on the procure-ment of defense items from foreign sources pro-vided in law if the Secretary determines that the application of the limitation with respect to that country would invalidate cooperative programs entered into between the Department of Defense and the foreign country, or would invalidate re-ciprocal trade agreements for the procurement of defense items entered into under section 2531 of title 10, United States Code, and the country does not discriminate against the same or simi-lar defense items produced in the United States for that country. (b) Subsection (a) applies with respect to— (1) contracts and subcontracts entered into on or after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (2) options for the procurement of items that are exercised after such date under contracts that are entered into before such date if the op-tion prices are adjusted for any reason other than the application of a waiver granted under subsection (a). (c) Subsection (a) does not apply to a limita-tion regarding construction of public vessels, ball and roller bearings, food, and clothing or textile materials as defined by section XI (chap-ters 50–65) of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States and products classified under headings 4010, 4202, 4203, 6401 through 6406, 6505, 7019, 7218 through 7229, 7304.41 through 7304.49, 7306.40, 7502 through 7508, 8105, 8108, 8109, 8211, 8215, and 9404. S
EC. 8058. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or other De-partment of Defense Appropriations Acts may be obligated or expended for the purpose of per-forming repairs or maintenance to military fam-ily housing units of the Department of Defense, including areas in such military family housing units that may be used for the purpose of con-ducting official Department of Defense business. S
EC. 8059. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, funds appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense-Wide’’ for any new start advanced concept technology dem-onstration project or joint capability demonstra-tion project may only be obligated 45 days after a report, including a description of the project, the planned acquisition and transition strategy and its estimated annual and total cost, has been provided in writing to the congressional defense committees: Provided, That the Sec-retary of Defense may waive this restriction on a case-by-case basis by certifying to the congres-sional defense committees that it is in the na-tional interest to do so. S
EC. 8060. The Secretary of Defense shall con-tinue to provide a classified quarterly report to the House and Senate Appropriations Commit-tees, Subcommittees on Defense on certain mat-ters as directed in the classified annex accom-panying this Act. S
EC. 8061. Notwithstanding section 12310(b) of title 10, United States Code, a Reserve who is a member of the National Guard serving on full- time National Guard duty under section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, may perform du-ties in support of the ground-based elements of the National Ballistic Missile Defense System. S
EC. 8062. None of the funds provided in this Act may be used to transfer to any nongovern-mental entity ammunition held by the Depart-ment of Defense that has a center-fire cartridge and a United States military nomenclature des-ignation of ‘‘armor penetrator’’, ‘‘armor piercing (AP)’’, ‘‘armor piercing incendiary (API)’’, or ‘‘armor-piercing incendiary tracer (API–T)’’, ex-cept to an entity performing demilitarization 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.027 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6381 July 26, 2017 
services for the Department of Defense under a contract that requires the entity to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Department of Defense that armor piercing projectiles are either: (1) rendered incapable of reuse by the demili-tarization process; or (2) used to manufacture ammunition pursuant to a contract with the Department of Defense or the manufacture of ammunition for export pur-suant to a License for Permanent Export of Un-classified Military Articles issued by the Depart-ment of State. S
EC. 8063. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, or his designee, may waive payment of all or part of the consideration that otherwise would be required under section 2667 of title 10, United States Code, in the case of a lease of per-sonal property for a period not in excess of 1 year to any organization specified in section 508(d) of title 32, United States Code, or any other youth, social, or fraternal nonprofit orga-nization as may be approved by the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, or his designee, on a case-by-case basis. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8064. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Mainte-nance, Army’’, $66,881,780 shall remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That, notwith-standing any other provision of law, the Sec-retary of Defense is authorized to transfer such funds to other activities of the Federal Govern-ment: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense is authorized to enter into and carry out contracts for the acquisition of real prop-erty, construction, personal services, and oper-ations related to projects carrying out the pur-poses of this section: Provided further, That contracts entered into under the authority of this section may provide for such indemnifica-tion as the Secretary determines to be necessary: Provided further, That projects authorized by this section shall comply with applicable Fed-eral, State, and local law to the maximum extent consistent with the national security, as deter-mined by the Secretary of Defense. S
EC. 8065. (a) None of the funds appropriated in this or any other Act may be used to take any action to modify— (1) the appropriations account structure for the National Intelligence Program budget, in-cluding through the creation of a new appro-priation or new appropriation account; (2) how the National Intelligence Program budget request is presented in the unclassified P–1, R–1, and O–1 documents supporting the De-partment of Defense budget request; (3) the process by which the National Intel-ligence Program appropriations are apportioned to the executing agencies; or (4) the process by which the National Intel-ligence Program appropriations are allotted, ob-ligated and disbursed. (b) Nothing in section (a) shall be construed to prohibit the merger of programs or changes to the National Intelligence Program budget at or below the Expenditure Center level, provided such change is otherwise in accordance with paragraphs (a)(1)–(3). (c) The Director of National Intelligence and the Secretary of Defense may jointly, only for the purposes of achieving auditable financial statements and improving fiscal reporting, study and develop detailed proposals for alternative fi-nancial management processes. Such study shall include a comprehensive counterintelligence risk assessment to ensure that none of the alter-native processes will adversely affect counter-intelligence. (d) Upon development of the detailed pro-posals defined under subsection (c), the Director of National Intelligence and the Secretary of Defense shall— (1) provide the proposed alternatives to all af-fected agencies; (2) receive certification from all affected agen-cies attesting that the proposed alternatives will help achieve auditability, improve fiscal report-ing, and will not adversely affect counterintel-ligence; and (3) not later than 30 days after receiving all necessary certifications under paragraph (2), present the proposed alternatives and certifi-cations to the congressional defense and intel-ligence committees. SEC. 8066. In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, $5,000,000 is hereby appro-priated to the Department of Defense, to remain available for obligation until expended: Pro-vided, That notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, that upon the determination of the Secretary of Defense that it shall serve the na-tional interest, these funds shall be available only for a grant to the Fisher House Founda-tion, Inc., only for the construction and fur-nishing of additional Fisher Houses to meet the needs of military family members when con-fronted with the illness or hospitalization of an eligible military beneficiary. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8067. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the headings ‘‘Procurement, Defense- Wide’’ and ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense-Wide’’, $705,800,000 shall be for the Israeli Cooperative Programs: Provided, That of this amount, $92,000,000 shall be for the Secretary of Defense to provide to the Govern-ment of Israel for the procurement of the Iron Dome defense system to counter short-range rocket threats, subject to the U.S.-Israel Iron Dome Procurement Agreement, as amended; $221,500,000 shall be for the Short Range Bal-listic Missile Defense (SRBMD) program, includ-ing cruise missile defense research and develop-ment under the SRBMD program, of which $120,000,000 shall be for co-production activities of SRBMD missiles in the United States and in Israel to meet Israel’s defense requirements con-sistent with each nation’s laws, regulations, and procedures, subject to the U.S.-Israeli co- production agreement for SRBMD, as amended; $205,000,000 shall be for an upper-tier component to the Israeli Missile Defense Architecture, of which $120,000,000 shall be for co-production ac-tivities of Arrow 3 Upper Tier missiles in the United States and in Israel to meet Israel’s de-fense requirements consistent with each nation’s laws, regulations, and procedures, subject to the U.S.-Israeli co-production agreement for Arrow 3 Upper Tier, as amended; $105,000,000 shall be for testing of the upper-tier component to the Israeli Missile Defense Architecture in the United States; and $82,300,000 shall be for the Arrow System Improvement Program including development of a long range, ground and air-borne, detection suite: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this pro-vision is in addition to any other transfer au-thority contained in this Act. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8068. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Con-version, Navy’’, $117,542,000 shall be available until September 30, 2018, to fund prior year ship-building cost increases: Provided, That upon en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall transfer funds to the following appropria-tions in the amounts specified: Provided further, That the amounts transferred shall be merged with and be available for the same purposes as the appropriations to which transferred to: (1) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2012/2018: Carrier Replace-ment Program $20,000,000; (2) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2008/2018: DDG–51 Destroyer $19,436,000; (3) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2012/2018: Littoral Combat Ship $6,394,000; (4) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2012/2018: LHA Replacement $14,200,000; (5) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2013/2018: DDG–51 Destroyer $31,941,000; (6) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2014/2018: Litoral Combat Ship $20,471,000; and (7) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2015/2018: LCAC $5,100,000. SEC. 8069. Funds appropriated by this Act, or made available by the transfer of funds in this Act, for intelligence activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for pur-poses of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3094) during fiscal year 2018 until the enactment of the Intelligence Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. S
EC. 8070. None of the funds provided in this Act shall be available for obligation or expendi-ture through a reprogramming of funds that cre-ates or initiates a new program, project, or ac-tivity unless such program, project, or activity must be undertaken immediately in the interest of national security and only after written prior notification to the congressional defense com-mittees. S
EC. 8071. The budget of the President for fis-cal year 2018 submitted to the Congress pursu-ant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, shall include separate budget justification documents for costs of United States Armed Forces’ participation in contingency operations for the Military Personnel accounts, the Oper-ation and Maintenance accounts, the Procure-ment accounts, and the Research, Development, Test and Evaluation accounts: Provided, That these documents shall include a description of the funding requested for each contingency op-eration, for each military service, to include all Active and Reserve components, and for each appropriations account: Provided further, That these documents shall include estimated costs for each element of expense or object class, a reconciliation of increases and decreases for each contingency operation, and programmatic data including, but not limited to, troop strength for each Active and Reserve compo-nent, and estimates of the major weapons sys-tems deployed in support of each contingency: Provided further, That these documents shall include budget exhibits OP–5 and OP–32 (as de-fined in the Department of Defense Financial Management Regulation) for all contingency operations for the budget year and the two pre-ceding fiscal years. S
EC. 8072. None of the funds in this Act may be used for research, development, test, evalua-tion, procurement or deployment of nuclear armed interceptors of a missile defense system. S
EC. 8073. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of this Act, to reflect savings due to favor-able foreign exchange rates, the total amount appropriated in this Act is hereby reduced by $289,000,000. S
EC. 8074. None of the funds appropriated or made available in this Act shall be used to re-duce or disestablish the operation of the 53rd Weather Reconnaissance Squadron of the Air Force Reserve, if such action would reduce the WC–130 Weather Reconnaissance mission below the levels funded in this Act: Provided, That the Air Force shall allow the 53rd Weather Recon-naissance Squadron to perform other missions in support of national defense requirements during the non-hurricane season. S
EC. 8075. None of the funds provided in this Act shall be available for integration of foreign intelligence information unless the information has been lawfully collected and processed dur-ing the conduct of authorized foreign intel-ligence activities: Provided, That information pertaining to United States persons shall only be handled in accordance with protections pro-vided in the Fourth Amendment of the United States Constitution as implemented through Ex-ecutive Order No. 12333. S
EC. 8076. (a) None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to transfer research and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.027 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6382 July 26, 2017 
development, acquisition, or other program au-thority relating to current tactical unmanned aerial vehicles (TUAVs) from the Army. (b) The Army shall retain responsibility for and operational control of the MQ–1C Gray Eagle Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) in order to support the Secretary of Defense in matters relating to the employment of unmanned aerial vehicles. S
EC. 8077. None of the funds appropriated by this Act for programs of the Office of the Direc-tor of National Intelligence shall remain avail-able for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, except for funds appropriated for research and technology, which shall remain available until September 30, 2019. S
EC. 8078. For purposes of section 1553(b) of title 31, United States Code, any subdivision of appropriations made in this Act under the head-ing ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’ shall be considered to be for the same purpose as any subdivision under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’ appropriations in any prior fiscal year, and the 1 percent limitation shall apply to the total amount of the appro-priation. S
EC. 8079. (a) Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit a report to the congressional intelligence committees to es-tablish the baseline for application of re-programming and transfer authorities for fiscal year 2018: Provided, That the report shall in-clude— (1) a table for each appropriation with a sepa-rate column to display the President’s budget re-quest, adjustments made by Congress, adjust-ments due to enacted rescissions, if appropriate, and the fiscal year enacted level; (2) a delineation in the table for each appro-priation by Expenditure Center and project; and (3) an identification of items of special con-gressional interest. (b) None of the funds provided for the Na-tional Intelligence Program in this Act shall be available for reprogramming or transfer until the report identified in subsection (a) is sub-mitted to the congressional intelligence commit-tees, unless the Director of National Intelligence certifies in writing to the congressional intel-ligence committees that such reprogramming or transfer is necessary as an emergency require-ment. S
EC. 8080. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to eliminate, restruc-ture, or realign Army Contracting Command— New Jersey or make disproportionate personnel reductions at any Army Contracting Com-mand—New Jersey sites without 30-day prior notification to the congressional defense com-mittees. 
(RESCISSION)  S
EC. 8081. Of the unobligated balances avail-able to the Department of Defense, the following funds are permanently rescinded from the fol-lowing accounts and programs in the specified amounts to reflect excess cash balances in the Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund: From ‘‘Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund, Defense’’, $10,000,000. S
EC. 8082. None of the funds made available by this Act for excess defense articles, assistance under section 333 of title 10, United States Code, or peacekeeping operations for the countries designated annually to be in violation of the standards of the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–457; 22 U.S.C. 2370c–1) may be used to support any military training or operation that includes child soldiers, as defined by the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008, un-less such assistance is otherwise permitted under section 404 of the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008. S
EC. 8083. (a) None of the funds provided for the National Intelligence Program in this or any prior appropriations Act shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogram-ming or transfer of funds in accordance with section 102A(d) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024(d)) that— (1) creates a new start effort; (2) terminates a program with appropriated funding of $10,000,000 or more; (3) transfers funding into or out of the Na-tional Intelligence Program; or (4) transfers funding between appropriations, unless the congressional intelligence committees are notified 30 days in advance of such re-programming of funds; this notification period may be reduced for urgent national security re-quirements. (b) None of the funds provided for the Na-tional Intelligence Program in this or any prior appropriations Act shall be available for obliga-tion or expenditure through a reprogramming or transfer of funds in accordance with section 102A(d) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024(d)) that results in a cumulative in-crease or decrease of the levels specified in the classified annex accompanying the Act unless the congressional intelligence committees are no-tified 30 days in advance of such reprogramming of funds; this notification period may be re-duced for urgent national security requirements. SEC. 8084. The Director of National Intel-ligence shall submit to Congress each year, at or about the time that the President’s budget is submitted to Congress that year under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, a future- years intelligence program (including associated annexes) reflecting the estimated expenditures and proposed appropriations included in that budget. Any such future-years intelligence pro-gram shall cover the fiscal year with respect to which the budget is submitted and at least the four succeeding fiscal years. S
EC. 8085. For the purposes of this Act, the term ‘‘congressional intelligence committees’’ means the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the House of Representatives, the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the Senate, the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8086. During the current fiscal year, not to exceed $11,000,000 from each of the appropria-tions made in title II of this Act for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’, ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’, and ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force’’ may be transferred by the military department concerned to its central fund established for Fisher Houses and Suites pursuant to section 2493(d) of title 10, United States Code. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8087. Not to exceed $500,000,000 appro-priated by this Act for operation and mainte-nance may be available for the purpose of mak-ing remittances and transfer to the Defense Ac-quisition Workforce Development Fund in ac-cordance with section 1705 of title 10, United States Code. S
EC. 8088. (a) Any agency receiving funds made available in this Act, shall, subject to sub-sections (b) and (c), post on the public website of that agency any report required to be sub-mitted by the Congress in this or any other Act, upon the determination by the head of the agen-cy that it shall serve the national interest. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to a report if— (1) the public posting of the report com-promises national security; or (2) the report contains proprietary informa-tion. (c) The head of the agency posting such re-port shall do so only after such report has been made available to the requesting Committee or Committees of Congress for no less than 45 days. S
EC. 8089. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be expended for any Federal contract for an amount in excess of $1,000,000, unless the con-tractor agrees not to— (1) enter into any agreement with any of its employees or independent contractors that re-quires, as a condition of employment, that the employee or independent contractor agree to re-solve through arbitration any claim under title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or any tort re-lated to or arising out of sexual assault or har-assment, including assault and battery, inten-tional infliction of emotional distress, false im-prisonment, or negligent hiring, supervision, or retention; or (2) take any action to enforce any provision of an existing agreement with an employee or inde-pendent contractor that mandates that the em-ployee or independent contractor resolve through arbitration any claim under title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or any tort related to or arising out of sexual assault or harass-ment, including assault and battery, intentional infliction of emotional distress, false imprison-ment, or negligent hiring, supervision, or reten-tion. (b) None of the funds appropriated or other-wise made available by this Act may be ex-pended for any Federal contract unless the con-tractor certifies that it requires each covered subcontractor to agree not to enter into, and not to take any action to enforce any provision of, any agreement as described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a), with respect to any employee or independent contractor performing work related to such subcontract. For purposes of this subsection, a ‘‘covered subcontractor’’ is an entity that has a subcontract in excess of $1,000,000 on a contract subject to subsection (a). (c) The prohibitions in this section do not apply with respect to a contractor’s or sub-contractor’s agreements with employees or inde-pendent contractors that may not be enforced in a court of the United States. (d) The Secretary of Defense may waive the application of subsection (a) or (b) to a par-ticular contractor or subcontractor for the pur-poses of a particular contract or subcontract if the Secretary or the Deputy Secretary person-ally determines that the waiver is necessary to avoid harm to national security interests of the United States, and that the term of the contract or subcontract is not longer than necessary to avoid such harm. The determination shall set forth with specificity the grounds for the waiver and for the contract or subcontract term se-lected, and shall state any alternatives consid-ered in lieu of a waiver and the reasons each such alternative would not avoid harm to na-tional security interests of the United States. The Secretary of Defense shall transmit to Con-gress, and simultaneously make public, any de-termination under this subsection not less than 15 business days before the contract or sub-contract addressed in the determination may be awarded. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8090. From within the funds appropriated for operation and maintenance for the Defense Health Program in this Act, up to $115,519,000, shall be available for transfer to the Joint De-partment of Defense-Department of Veterans Af-fairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund in accordance with the provisions of section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2010, Public Law 111–84: Provided, That for purposes of section 1704(b), the facility operations funded are operations of the inte-grated Captain James A. Lovell Federal Health Care Center, consisting of the North Chicago Veterans Affairs Medical Center, the Navy Am-bulatory Care Center, and supporting facilities designated as a combined Federal medical facil-ity as described by section 706 of Public Law 110–417: Provided further, That additional funds may be transferred from funds appropriated for operation and maintenance for the Defense 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.027 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6383 July 26, 2017 
Health Program to the Joint Department of De-fense-Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund upon written noti-fication by the Secretary of Defense to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate. S
EC. 8091. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Defense or a compo-nent thereof in contravention of the provisions of section 130h of title 10, United States Code. S
EC. 8092. Appropriations available to the De-partment of Defense may be used for the pur-chase of heavy and light armored vehicles for the physical security of personnel or for force protection purposes up to a limit of $450,000 per vehicle, notwithstanding price or other limita-tions applicable to the purchase of passenger carrying vehicles. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8093. Upon a determination by the Direc-tor of National Intelligence that such action is necessary and in the national interest, the Di-rector may, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, transfer not to exceed $1,500,000,000 of the funds made available in this Act for the National Intelligence Program: Pro-vided, That such authority to transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on unforeseen intelligence requirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which funds are re-quested has been denied by the Congress: Pro-vided further, That a request for multiple reprogrammings of funds using authority pro-vided in this section shall be made prior to June 30, 2017. S
EC. 8094. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release to or within the United States, its territories, or possessions Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who— (1) is not a United States citizen or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is or was held on or after June 24, 2009, at United States Naval Station, Guanta ´namo Bay, Cuba, by the Department of Defense. S
EC. 8095. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to construct, acquire, or modify any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house any individual described in subsection (c) for the purposes of detention or imprisonment in the custody or under the effec-tive control of the Department of Defense. (b) The prohibition in subsection (a) shall not apply to any modification of facilities at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. (c) An individual described in this subsection is any individual who, as of June 24, 2009, is lo-cated at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba, and who— (1) is not a citizen of the United States or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is— (A) in the custody or under the effective con-trol of the Department of Defense; or (B) otherwise under detention at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. S
EC. 8096. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act may be used to transfer any individual detained at United States Naval Station Guanta ´namo Bay, Cuba, to the custody or control of the individ-ual’s country of origin, any other foreign coun-try, or any other foreign entity except in accord-ance with section 1034 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92) and section 1034 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328). S
EC. 8097. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.). S
EC. 8098. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be used by the Secretary of Defense, or any other official or officer of the Department of Defense, to enter into a contract, memorandum of understanding, or cooperative agreement with, or make a grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to Rosoboronexport or any sub-sidiary of Rosoboronexport. (b) The Secretary of Defense may waive the limitation in subsection (a) if the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intelligence, determines that it is in the vital national security interest of the United States to do so, and certifies in writing to the congressional defense committees that, to the best of the Secretary’s knowledge: (1) Rosoboronexport has ceased the transfer of lethal military equipment to, and the mainte-nance of existing lethal military equipment for, the Government of the Syrian Arab Republic; (2) The armed forces of the Russian Federa-tion have withdrawn from Crimea, other than armed forces present on military bases subject to agreements in force between the Government of the Russian Federation and the Government of Ukraine; and (3) Agents of the Russian Federation have ceased taking active measures to destabilize the control of the Government of Ukraine over east-ern Ukraine. (c) The Inspector General of the Department of Defense shall conduct a review of any action involving Rosoboronexport with respect to a waiver issued by the Secretary of Defense pur-suant to subsection (b), and not later than 90 days after the date on which such a waiver is issued by the Secretary of Defense, the Inspector General shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report containing the results of the review conducted with respect to such waiver. SEC. 8099. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for the purchase or manu-facture of a flag of the United States unless such flags are treated as covered items under section 2533a(b) of title 10, United States Code. S
EC. 8100. (a) Of the funds appropriated in this Act for the Department of Defense, amounts may be made available, under such regulations as the Secretary of Defense may prescribe, to local military commanders appointed by the Sec-retary, or by an officer or employee designated by the Secretary, to provide at their discretion ex gratia payments in amounts consistent with subsection (d) of this section for damage, per-sonal injury, or death that is incident to combat operations of the Armed Forces in a foreign country. (b) An ex gratia payment under this section may be provided only if— (1) the prospective foreign civilian recipient is determined by the local military commander to be friendly to the United States; (2) a claim for damages would not be compen-sable under chapter 163 of title 10, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Foreign Claims Act’’); and (3) the property damage, personal injury, or death was not caused by action by an enemy. (c) N
ATURE OF PAYMENTS .—Any payments provided under a program under subsection (a) shall not be considered an admission or ac-knowledgement of any legal obligation to com-pensate for any damage, personal injury, or death. (d) A
MOUNT OF PAYMENTS .—If the Secretary of Defense determines a program under sub-section (a) to be appropriate in a particular set-ting, the amounts of payments, if any, to be pro-vided to civilians determined to have suffered harm incident to combat operations of the Armed Forces under the program should be de-termined pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary and based on an assessment, which should include such factors as cultural appropriateness and prevailing economic condi-tions. (e) L
EGAL ADVICE .—Local military com-manders shall receive legal advice before making ex gratia payments under this subsection. The legal advisor, under regulations of the Depart-ment of Defense, shall advise on whether an ex gratia payment is proper under this section and applicable Department of Defense regulations. (f) WRITTEN RECORD .—A written record of any ex gratia payment offered or denied shall be kept by the local commander and on a timely basis submitted to the appropriate office in the Department of Defense as determined by the Secretary of Defense. (g) R
EPORT .—The Secretary of Defense shall report to the congressional defense committees on an annual basis the efficacy of the ex gratia payment program including the number of types of cases considered, amounts offered, the re-sponse from ex gratia payment recipients, and any recommended modifications to the program. S
EC. 8101. None of the funds available in this Act to the Department of Defense, other than appropriations made for necessary or routine re-furbishments, upgrades or maintenance activi-ties, shall be used to reduce or to prepare to re-duce the number of deployed and non-deployed strategic delivery vehicles and launchers below the levels set forth in the report submitted to Congress in accordance with section 1042 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012. S
EC. 8102. The Secretary of Defense shall post grant awards on a public Website in a search-able format. S
EC. 8103. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to fund the performance of a flight demonstration team at a location out-side of the United States: Provided, That this prohibition applies only if a performance of a flight demonstration team at a location within the United States was canceled during the cur-rent fiscal year due to insufficient funding. S
EC. 8104. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the National Secu-rity Agency to— (1) conduct an acquisition pursuant to section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 for the purpose of targeting a United States person; or (2) acquire, monitor, or store the contents (as such term is defined in section 2510(8) of title 18, United States Code) of any electronic commu-nication of a United States person from a pro-vider of electronic communication services to the public pursuant to section 501 of the Foreign In-telligence Surveillance Act of 1978. S
EC. 8105. None of the funds made available by this Act may be obligated or expended to im-plement the Arms Trade Treaty until the Senate approves a resolution of ratification for the Treaty. S
EC. 8106. None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used to pay the salary of any officer or employee of any agency funded by this Act who approves or implements the transfer of administrative responsibilities or budgetary resources of any program, project, or activity financed by this Act to the jurisdiction of another Federal agency not financed by this Act unless explicity provided for in a Defense Appropriations Act: Provided, That this limita-tion shall not apply to transfers of funds ex-pressly provided for in Defense Appropriations Acts, or provisions of Acts providing supple-mental appropriations for the Department of Defense. S
EC. 8107. None of the funds made available in this Act may be obligated for activities author-ized under section 1208 of the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1621) to initiate support for, or expand support to, foreign forces, irregular forces, groups, or in-dividuals unless the congressional defense com-mittees are notified in accordance with the di-rection contained in the classified annex accom-panying this Act, not less than 15 days before initiating such support: Provided, That none of the funds made available in this Act may be used under section 1208 for any activity that is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.027 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6384 July 26, 2017 
not in support of an ongoing military operation being conducted by United States Special Oper-ations Forces to combat terrorism: Provided fur-ther, That the Secretary of Defense may waive the prohibitions in this section if the Secretary determines that such waiver is required by ex-traordinary circumstances and, by not later than 72 hours after making such waiver, notifies the congressional defense committees of such waiver. S
EC. 8108. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used with respect to Iraq in contravention of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.), including for the introduc-tion of United States armed forces into hos-tilities in Iraq, into situations in Iraq where im-minent involvement in hostilities is clearly indi-cated by the circumstances, or into Iraqi terri-tory, airspace, or waters while equipped for combat, in contravention of the congressional consultation and reporting requirements of sec-tions 3 and 4 of such Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1542 and 1543). S
EC. 8109. None of the funds provided in this Act for the T–AO Fleet Oiler or the Towing, Sal-vage, and Rescue Ship programs shall be used to award a new contract that provides for the ac-quisition of the following components unless those components are manufactured in the United States: Auxiliary equipment (including pumps) for shipboard services; propulsion equip-ment (including engines, reduction gears, and propellers); shipboard cranes; and spreaders for shipboard cranes. S
EC. 8110. The amount appropriated in title II of this Act for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’ is hereby reduced by $75,000,000 to reflect excess cash balances in Department of Defense Working Capital Funds. S
EC. 8111. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of this Act, to reflect savings due to lower than anticipated fuel costs, the total amount appropriated in title II of this Act is hereby re-duced by $1,007,267,000. S
EC. 8112. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for Government Travel Charge Card expenses by military or civilian personnel of the Department of Defense for gam-ing, or for entertainment that includes topless or nude entertainers or participants, as prohibited by Department of Defense FMR, Volume 9, Chapter 3 and Department of Defense Instruc-tion 1015.10 (enclosure 3, 14a and 14b). S
EC. 8113. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to propose, plan for, or execute a new or additional Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) round. S
EC. 8114. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’, $289,255,000, to remain available until expended, may be used for any purposes related to the Na-tional Defense Reserve Fleet established under section 11 of the Merchant Ship Sales Act of 1946 (50 U.S.C. 4405): Provided, That such amounts are available for reimbursements to the Ready Reserve Force, Maritime Administration account of the United States Department of Transportation for programs, projects, activities, and expenses related to the National Defense Reserve Fleet. S
EC. 8115. None of the funds made available by this Act for the Joint Surveillance Target At-tack Radar System recapitalization program may be obligated or expended for pre-milestone B activities after March 31, 2018, except for source selection and other activities necessary to enter the engineering and manufacturing devel-opment phase. S
EC. 8116. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out the closure or realignment of the United States Naval Sta-tion, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 8117. Additional readiness funds made available in title II of this Act for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’, ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’, ‘‘Operation and Mainte-nance, Marine Corps’’, and ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force’’ may be transferred to and merged with any appropriation of the De-partment of Defense for activities related to the Zika virus in order to provide health support for the full range of military operations and sustain the health of the members of the Armed Forces, civilian employees of the Department of De-fense, and their families, to include: research and development, disease surveillance, vaccine development, rapid detection, vector controls and surveillance, training, and outbreak re-sponse: Provided, That the authority provided in this section is subject to the same terms and conditions as the authority provided in section 8005 of this Act. SEC. 8118. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to maintain or es-tablish a computer network unless such network is designed to block access to pornography websites. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investiga-tions, prosecution, or adjudication activities, or for any activity necessary for the national de-fense, including intelligence activities. S
EC. 8119. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, any transfer of funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act to the Global Engagement Center pursuant to section 1287 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) shall be made in accordance with section 8005 or 9002 of this Act, as applicable. S
EC. 8120. No amounts credited or otherwise made available in this or any other Act to the Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund may be transferred to: (1) the Rapid Prototyping Fund established under section 804(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (10 U.S.C. 2302 note); or (2) credited to a military-department specific fund established under section 804(d)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (as amended by section 897 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017). 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER FUND)  S
EC. 8121. In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act for military personnel pay, including active duty, reserve and National Guard personnel, $206,400,000 is hereby appro-priated to the Department of Defense and made available for transfer only to military personnel accounts: Provided, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. S
EC. 8122. In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, there is appropriated $235,000,000, for an additional amount for ‘‘Op-eration and Maintenance, Defense-Wide’’, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That such funds shall only be available to the Sec-retary of Defense, acting through the Office of Economic Adjustment of the Department of De-fense, or for transfer to the Secretary of Edu-cation, notwithstanding any other provision of law, to make grants, conclude cooperative agreements, or supplement other Federal funds to construct, renovate, repair, or expand ele-mentary and secondary public schools on mili-tary installations in order to address capacity or facility condition deficiencies at such schools: Provided further, That in making such funds available, the Office of Economic Adjustment or the Secretary of Education shall give priority consideration to those military installations with schools having the most serious capacity or facility condition deficiencies as determined by the Secretary of Defense: Provided further, That as a condition of receiving funds under this sec-tion a local educational agency or State shall provide a matching share as described in the no-tice titled ‘‘Department of Defense Program for Construction, Renovation, Repair or Expansion of Public Schools Located on Military Installa-tions’’ published by the Department of Defense in the Federal Register on September 9, 2011 (76 Fed. Reg. 55883 et seq.): Provided further, That these provisions apply to funds provided under this section, and to funds previously provided by Congress to construct, renovate, repair, or expand elementary and secondary public schools on military installations in order to ad-dress capacity or facility condition deficiencies at such schools to the extent such funds remain unobligated on the date of enactment of this section. SEC. 8123. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out the changes to the Joint Travel Regulations of the Department of Defense described in the memo-randum of the Per Diem Travel and Transpor-tation Allowance Committee titled ‘‘UTD/CTD for MAP 118–13/CAP 118–13 - Flat Rate Per Diem for Long Term TDY’’ and dated October 1, 2014. S
EC. 8124. In carrying out the program de-scribed in the memorandum on the subject of ‘‘Policy for Assisted Reproductive Services for the Benefit of Seriously or Severely Ill/Injured (Category II or III) Active Duty Service Mem-bers’’ issued by the Assistant Secretary of De-fense for Health Affairs on April 3, 2012, and the guidance issued to implement such memo-randum, the Secretary of Defense shall apply such policy and guidance, except that— (1) the limitation on periods regarding embryo cryopreservation and storage set forth in part III(G) and in part IV(H) of such memorandum shall not apply; and (2) the term ‘‘assisted reproductive tech-nology’’ shall include embryo cryopreservation and storage without limitation on the duration of such cryopreservation and storage. TITLE IX OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS/ GLOBAL WAR ON TERRORISM MILITARY PERSONNEL M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Per-sonnel, Army’’, $2,635,317,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Per-sonnel, Navy’’, $377,857,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Per-sonnel, Marine Corps’’, $103,800,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Per-sonnel, Air Force’’, $912,779,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve Per-sonnel, Army’’, $24,942,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Over-seas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.027 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6385 July 26, 2017 
RESERVE PERSONNEL , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve Per-sonnel, Navy’’, $9,091,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Over-seas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve Per-sonnel, Marine Corps’’, $2,328,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESERVE PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve Per-sonnel, Air Force’’, $20,569,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. N
ATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘National Guard Personnel, Army’’, $184,589,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. N
ATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE For an additional amount for ‘‘National Guard Personnel, Air Force’’, $5,004,000: Pro-vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ILITARY PERSONNEL , NATIONAL DEFENSE  R
ESTORATION FUND 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, there is appropriated $1,000,000,000, for the ‘‘Military Personnel, National Defense Res-toration Fund’’: Provided, That such funds pro-vided under this heading shall only be available for programs, projects and activities necessary to implement the 2018 National Defense Strat-egy: Provided further, That such funds shall not be available for transfer until 30 days after the Secretary has submitted, and the congres-sional defense committees have approved, the proposed allocation plan for the use of such funds to implement such strategy: Provided fur-ther, That such allocation plan shall include a detailed justification for the use of such funds and a description of how such investments are necessary to implement the strategy: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may transfer these funds only to military personnel accounts: Provided further, That the funds transferred shall be merged with and shall be available for the same purposes and for the same time period, as the appropriation to which transferred: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be transferred to any program, project, or activity specifically limited or denied by this Act: Pro-vided further, That the transfer authority pro-vided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Depart-ment of Defense: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Over-seas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’, $16,126,403,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’, $5,875,015,000, of which up to $161,885,000 may be transferred to the Coast Guard ‘‘Operating Expenses’’ account: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to sec-tion 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps’’, $1,116,640,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to sec-tion 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force’’, $10,266,295,000: Pro-vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , DEFENSE -WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide’’, $6,944,201,000: Provided, That of the funds provided under this heading, not to exceed $900,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, shall be for payments to reimburse key cooperating nations for logistical, military, and other support, in-cluding access, provided to United States mili-tary and stability operations in Afghanistan and to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant: Provided further, That such reimburse-ment payments may be made in such amounts as the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, and in consultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, may determine, based on docu-mentation determined by the Secretary of De-fense to adequately account for the support pro-vided, and such determination is final and con-clusive upon the accounting officers of the United States, and 15 days following notifica-tion to the appropriate congressional commit-tees: Provided further, That funds provided under this heading may be used for the purpose of providing specialized training and procuring supplies and specialized equipment and pro-viding such supplies and loaning such equip-ment on a non-reimbursable basis to coalition forces supporting United States military and stability operations in Afghanistan and to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Le-vant, and 15 days following notification to the appropriate congressional committees: Provided further, That funds provided under this heading may be used to support the Government of Jor-dan, in such amounts as the Secretary of De-fense may determine, to enhance the ability of the armed forces of Jordan to increase or sustain security along its borders, upon 15 days prior written notification to the congressional defense committees outlining the amounts intended to be provided and the nature of the expenses in-curred: Provided further, That of the funds pro-vided under this heading, not to exceed $750,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, shall be available to provide support and assistance to foreign security forces or other groups or individuals to conduct, support, or fa-cilitate counterterrorism, crisis response, or other Department of Defense security coopera-tion programs: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Over-seas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMYRESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army Reserve’’, $24,699,000: Pro-vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVYRESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy Reserve’’, $23,980,000: Pro-vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS R
ESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps Reserve’’, $3,367,000: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE R
ESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force Reserve’’, $58,523,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to sec-tion 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMYNATIONAL  G
UARD  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army National Guard’’, $108,111,000: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRNATIONAL  G
UARD  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air National Guard’’, $15,400,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to sec-tion 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NATIONAL  D
EFENSE RESTORATION FUND 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, there is appropriated $2,000,000,000, for the ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, National De-fense Restoration Fund’’: Provided, That such funds provided under this heading shall only be available for programs, projects and activities necessary to implement the 2018 National De-fense Strategy: Provided further, That such funds shall not be available for transfer until 30 days after the Secretary has submitted, and the congressional defense committees have ap-proved, the proposed allocation plan for the use of such funds to implement such strategy: Pro-vided further, That such allocation plan shall include a detailed justification for the use of such funds and a description of how such in-vestments are necessary to implement the strat-egy: Provided further, That the Secretary of De-fense may transfer these funds only to operation and maintenance accounts: Provided further, That the funds transferred shall be merged with and shall be available for the same purposes and for the same time period, as the appropria-tion to which transferred: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be transferred to any program, project, or activity specifically limited or denied 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.027 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6386 July 26, 2017 
by this Act: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in ad-dition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. A
FGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND For the ‘‘Afghanistan Security Forces Fund’’, $4,937,515,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That such funds shall be available to the Secretary of Defense, not-withstanding any other provision of law, for the purpose of allowing the Commander, Combined Security Transition Command—Afghanistan, or the Secretary’s designee, to provide assistance, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, to the security forces of Afghanistan, including the provision of equipment, supplies, services, training, facility and infrastructure repair, ren-ovation, construction, and funding: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may obli-gate and expend funds made available to the Department of Defense in this title for addi-tional costs associated with existing projects previously funded with amounts provided under the heading ‘‘Afghanistan Infrastructure Fund’’ in prior Acts: Provided further, That such costs shall be limited to contract changes resulting from inflation, market fluctuation, rate adjustments, and other necessary contract actions to complete existing projects, and associ-ated supervision and administration costs and costs for design during construction: Provided further, That the Secretary may not use more than $50,000,000 under the authority provided in this section: Provided further, That the Sec-retary shall notify in advance such contract changes and adjustments in annual reports to the congressional defense committees: Provided further, That the authority to provide assist-ance under this heading is in addition to any other authority to provide assistance to foreign nations: Provided further, That contributions of funds for the purposes provided herein from any person, foreign government, or international or-ganization may be credited to this Fund, to re-main available until expended, and used for such purposes: Provided further, That the Sec-retary of Defense shall notify the congressional defense committees in writing upon the receipt and upon the obligation of any contribution, de-lineating the sources and amounts of the funds received and the specific use of such contribu-tions: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not fewer than 15 days prior to obligating from this appropriation account, no-tify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such obligation: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall notify the congressional defense commit-tees of any proposed new projects or transfer of funds between budget sub-activity groups in ex-cess of $20,000,000: Provided further, That the United States may accept equipment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts that was transferred to the secu-rity forces of Afghanistan and returned by such forces to the United States: Provided further, That equipment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts, and not yet transferred to the security forces of Afghani-stan or transferred to the security forces of Af-ghanistan and returned by such forces to the United States, may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense upon written notifica-tion to the congressional defense committees: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, not less than $10,000,000 shall be for recruitment and retention of women in the Afghanistan National Security Forces, and the recruitment and training of female secu-rity personnel: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Over-seas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. COUNTER -ISIL T RAIN AND EQUIP FUND For the ‘‘Counter-Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant Train and Equip Fund’’, $1,769,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That such funds shall be available to the Secretary of Defense in co-ordination with the Secretary of State, to pro-vide assistance, including training; equipment; logistics support, supplies, and services; sti-pends; infrastructure repair and renovation; and sustainment, to foreign security forces, ir-regular forces, groups, or individuals partici-pating, or preparing to participate in activities to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Le-vant, and their affiliated or associated groups: Provided further, That these funds may be used in such amounts as the Secretary of Defense may determine to enhance the border security of nations adjacent to conflict areas including Jor-dan, Lebanon, Egypt, and Tunisia resulting from actions of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant: Provided further, That amounts made available under this heading shall be available to provide assistance only for activities in a country designated by the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, as having a security mission to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, and following written notification to the congressional defense committees of such designation: Provided fur-ther, That the Secretary of Defense shall ensure that prior to providing assistance to elements of any forces or individuals, such elements or indi-viduals are appropriately vetted, including at a minimum, assessing such elements for associa-tions with terrorist groups or groups associated with the Government of Iran; and receiving commitments from such elements to promote re-spect for human rights and the rule of law: Pro-vided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not fewer than 15 days prior to obligating from this appropriation account, notify the con-gressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such obligation: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may accept and retain contributions, including assistance in- kind, from foreign governments, including the Government of Iraq and other entities, to carry out assistance authorized under this heading: Provided further, That contributions of funds for the purposes provided herein from any for-eign government or other entity may be credited to this Fund, to remain available until ex-pended, and used for such purposes: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may waive a provision of law relating to the acquisi-tion of items and support services or sections 40 and 40A of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2780 and 2785) if the Secretary determines that such provision of law would prohibit, re-strict, delay or otherwise limit the provision of such assistance and a notice of and justification for such waiver is submitted to the congressional defense committees, the Committees on Appro-priations and Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committees on Appropriations and For-eign Affairs of the House of Representatives: Provided further, That the United States may accept equipment procured using funds provided under this heading, or under the heading, ‘‘Iraq Train and Equip Fund’’ in prior Acts, that was transferred to security forces, irregular forces, or groups participating, or preparing to partici-pate in activities to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and returned by such forces or groups to the United States, may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense upon written notification to the congressional defense committees: Provided further, That equipment procured using funds provided under this heading, or under the heading, ‘‘Iraq Train and Equip Fund’’ in prior Acts, and not yet transferred to security forces, irregular forces, or groups participating, or preparing to partici-pate in activities to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense when determined by the Secretary to no longer be required for trans-fer to such forces or groups and upon written notification to the congressional defense com-mittees: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall provide quarterly reports to the congressional defense committees on the use of funds provided under this heading, including, but not limited to, the number of individuals trained, the nature and scope of support and sustainment provided to each group or indi-vidual, the area of operations for each group, and the contributions of other countries, groups, or individuals: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Over-seas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROCUREMENT A
IRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Aircraft Pro-curement, Army’’, $424,686,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ISSILE PROCUREMENT , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Missile Pro-curement, Army’’, $557,583,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. P
ROCUREMENT OF WEAPONS AND TRACKED  C
OMBAT VEHICLES , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement of Weapons and Tracked Combat Vehicles, Army’’, $1,191,139,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. P
ROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement of Ammunition, Army’’, $193,436,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
THER PROCUREMENT , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Procure-ment, Army’’, $405,575,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Over-seas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. A
IRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Aircraft Pro-curement, Navy’’, $157,300,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. W
EAPONS PROCUREMENT , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Weapons Pro-curement, Navy’’, $130,994,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.027 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6387 July 26, 2017 
on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. P
ROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , NAVY AND  M
ARINE CORPS For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement of Ammunition, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $223,843,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
THER PROCUREMENT , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Procure-ment, Navy’’, $207,984,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Over-seas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. P
ROCUREMENT , MARINE CORPS For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement, Marine Corps’’, $64,071,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Over-seas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. A
IRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE For an additional amount for ‘‘Aircraft Pro-curement, Air Force’’, $510,836,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ISSILE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE For an additional amount for ‘‘Missile Pro-curement, Air Force’’, $381,700,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. S
PACE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE For an additional amount for ″Space Procure-ment, Air Force ″, $2,256,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Over-seas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. P
ROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , AIRFORCE For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement of Ammunition, Air Force’’, $501,509,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2020: Pro-vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
THER PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Procure-ment, Air Force’’, $3,998,887,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. P
ROCUREMENT , DEFENSE -WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement, Defense-Wide’’, $510,741,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Over-seas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE EQUIPMENT  A
CCOUNT  For procurement of rotary-wing aircraft; com-bat, tactical and support vehicles; other weap-ons; and other procurement items for the reserve components of the Armed Forces, $1,000,000,000, to remain available for obligation until Sep-tember 30, 2020: Provided, That the Chiefs of National Guard and Reserve components shall, not later than 30 days after enactment of this Act, individually submit to the congressional de-fense committees the modernization priority as-sessment for their respective National Guard or Reserve component: Provided further, That none of the funds made available by this para-graph may be used to procure manned fixed wing aircraft, or procure or modify missiles, mu-nitions, or ammunition: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. P
ROCUREMENT , NATIONAL DEFENSE  R
ESTORATION FUND 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, there is appropriated $6,000,000,000, for the ‘‘Procurement, National Defense Restoration Fund’’: Provided, That such funds provided under this heading shall only be available for programs, projects and activities necessary to implement the 2018 National Defense Strategy: Provided further, That such funds shall not be available for transfer until 30 days after the Secretary has submitted, and the congressional defense committees have approved, the proposed allocation plan for the use of such funds to im-plement such strategy: Provided further, That such allocation plan shall include a detailed justification for the use of such funds and a de-scription of how such investments are necessary to implement the strategy: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may transfer these funds only to procurement accounts: Pro-vided further, That the funds transferred shall be merged with and shall be available for the same purposes and for the same time period, as the appropriation to which transferred: Pro-vided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be transferred to any program, project, or activity specifically limited or denied by this Act: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer au-thority available to the Department of Defense: Provided further, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, De-velopment, Test and Evaluation, Army’’, $119,368,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, De-velopment, Test and Evaluation, Navy’’, $124,865,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , AIRFORCE For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, De-velopment, Test and Evaluation, Air Force’’, $144,508,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  E
VALUATION , DEFENSE -WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, De-velopment, Test and Evaluation, Defense- Wide’’, $226,096,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND EVALUA -
TION, NATIONAL DEFENSE RESTORATION FUND 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, there is appropriated $1,000,000,000, for the ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evalua-tion, National Defense Restoration Fund’’: Pro-vided, That such funds provided under this heading shall only be available for programs, projects and activities necessary to implement the 2018 National Defense Strategy: Provided further, That such funds shall not be available for transfer until 30 days after the Secretary has submitted, and the congressional defense com-mittees have approved, the proposed allocation plan for the use of such funds to implement such strategy: Provided further, That such allo-cation plan shall include a detailed justification for the use of such funds and a description of how such investments are necessary to imple-ment the strategy: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may transfer these funds only to research, development, test and evalua-tion accounts: Provided further, That the funds transferred shall be merged with and shall be available for the same purposes and for the same time period, as the appropriation to which transferred: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be transferred to any program, project, or activity specifically limited or denied by this Act: Pro-vided further, That the transfer authority pro-vided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Depart-ment of Defense: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Over-seas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. REVOLVING AND MANAGEMENT FUNDS D
EFENSE WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS For an additional amount for ‘‘Defense Work-ing Capital Funds’’, $148,956,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROGRAMS D
EFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM  For an additional amount for ‘‘Defense Health Program’’, $395,805,000, which shall be for operation and maintenance: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.027 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6388 July 26, 2017 
of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. D
RUGINTERDICTION AND COUNTER -DRUG A
CTIVITIES , DEFENSE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Drug Interdic-tion and Counter-Drug Activities, Defense’’, $196,300,000: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. J
OINT IMPROVISED -THREAT DEFEAT FUND 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the ‘‘Joint Improvised-Threat Defeat Fund’’, $483,058,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such funds shall be available to the Secretary of Defense, notwithstanding any other provision of law, for the purpose of allowing the Director of the Joint Improvised-Threat Defeat Organization to in-vestigate, develop and provide equipment, sup-plies, services, training, facilities, personnel and funds to assist United States forces in the defeat of improvised explosive devices: Provided fur-ther, That the Secretary of Defense may trans-fer funds provided herein to appropriations for military personnel; operation and maintenance; procurement; research, development, test and evaluation; and defense working capital funds to accomplish the purpose provided herein: Pro-vided further, That this transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority avail-able to the Department of Defense: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not fewer than 5 days prior to making transfers from this appropriation, notify the congres-sional defense committees in writing of the de-tails of any such transfer: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. O
FFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL  For an additional amount for the ‘‘Office of the Inspector General’’, $24,692,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS TITLE S
EC. 9001. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, funds made available in this title are in addition to amounts appropriated or oth-erwise made available for the Department of De-fense for fiscal year 2018. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 9002. Upon the determination of the Sec-retary of Defense that such action is necessary in the national interest, the Secretary may, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, transfer up to $2,500,000,000 between the appropriations or funds made available to the Department of Defense in this title: Provided, That the Secretary shall notify the Congress promptly of each transfer made pursuant to the authority in this section: Provided further, That the authority provided in this section is in addi-tion to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense and is subject to the same terms and conditions as the authority pro-vided in section 8005 of this Act. S
EC. 9003. Supervision and administration costs and costs for design during construction associated with a construction project funded with appropriations available for operation and maintenance or the ‘‘Afghanistan Security Forces Fund’’ provided in this Act and executed in direct support of overseas contingency oper-ations in Afghanistan, may be obligated at the time a construction contract is awarded: Pro-vided, That, for the purpose of this section, su-pervision and administration costs and costs for design during construction include all in-house Government costs. SEC. 9004. From funds made available in this title, the Secretary of Defense may purchase for use by military and civilian employees of the Department of Defense in the United States Central Command area of responsibility: (1) passenger motor vehicles up to a limit of $75,000 per vehicle; and (2) heavy and light armored vehicles for the physical security of personnel or for force pro-tection purposes up to a limit of $450,000 per ve-hicle, notwithstanding price or other limitations applicable to the purchase of passenger carrying vehicles. S
EC. 9005. Not to exceed $5,000,000 of the amounts appropriated by this title under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’ may be used, notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, to fund the Commanders’ Emer-gency Response Program (CERP), for the pur-pose of enabling military commanders in Af-ghanistan to respond to urgent, small-scale, hu-manitarian relief and reconstruction require-ments within their areas of responsibility: Pro-vided, That each project (including any ancil-lary or related elements in connection with such project) executed under this authority shall not exceed $2,000,000: Provided further, That not later than 45 days after the end of each 6 months of the fiscal year, the Secretary of De-fense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report regarding the source of funds and the allocation and use of funds dur-ing that 6-month period that were made avail-able pursuant to the authority provided in this section or under any other provision of law for the purposes described herein: Provided further, That, not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal year quarter, the Army shall submit to the congressional defense committees quar-terly commitment, obligation, and expenditure data for the CERP in Afghanistan: Provided further, That, not less than 15 days before mak-ing funds available pursuant to the authority provided in this section or under any other pro-vision of law for the purposes described herein for a project with a total anticipated cost for completion of $500,000 or more, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees a written notice containing each of the following: (1) The location, nature and purpose of the proposed project, including how the project is intended to advance the military campaign plan for the country in which it is to be carried out. (2) The budget, implementation timeline with milestones, and completion date for the proposed project, including any other CERP funding that has been or is anticipated to be contributed to the completion of the project. (3) A plan for the sustainment of the proposed project, including the agreement with either the host nation, a non-Department of Defense agen-cy of the United States Government or a third- party contributor to finance the sustainment of the activities and maintenance of any equip-ment or facilities to be provided through the proposed project. S
EC. 9006. Funds available to the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance may be used, notwithstanding any other provision of law, to provide supplies, services, transpor-tation, including airlift and sealift, and other logistical support to allied forces participating in a combined operation with the armed forces of the United States and coalition forces sup-porting military and stability operations in Af-ghanistan and to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant: Provided, That the Sec-retary of Defense shall provide quarterly reports to the congressional defense committees regard-ing support provided under this section. S
EC. 9007. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act shall be obligated or expended by the United States Government for a purpose as follows: (1) To establish any military installation or base for the purpose of providing for the perma-nent stationing of United States Armed Forces in Iraq. (2) To exercise United States control over any oil resource of Iraq. (3) To establish any military installation or base for the purpose of providing for the perma-nent stationing of United States Armed Forces in Afghanistan. SEC. 9008. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used in contravention of the fol-lowing laws enacted or regulations promulgated to implement the United Nations Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment (done at New York on December 10, 1984): (1) Section 2340A of title 18, United States Code. (2) Section 2242 of the Foreign Affairs Reform and Restructuring Act of 1998 (division G of Public Law 105–277; 112 Stat. 2681–822; 8 U.S.C. 1231 note) and regulations prescribed thereto, including regulations under part 208 of title 8, Code of Federal Regulations, and part 95 of title 22, Code of Federal Regulations. (3) Sections 1002 and 1003 of the Department of Defense, Emergency Supplemental Appropria-tions to Address Hurricanes in the Gulf of Mex-ico, and Pandemic Influenza Act, 2006 (Public Law 109–148). S
EC. 9009. None of the funds provided for the ‘‘Afghanistan Security Forces Fund’’ (ASFF) may be obligated prior to the approval of a fi-nancial and activity plan by the Afghanistan Resources Oversight Council (AROC) of the De-partment of Defense: Provided, That the AROC must approve the requirement and acquisition plan for any service requirements in excess of $50,000,000 annually and any non-standard equipment requirements in excess of $100,000,000 using ASFF: Provided further, That the Depart-ment of Defense must certify to the congres-sional defense committees that the AROC has convened and approved a process for ensuring compliance with the requirements in the pre-ceding proviso and accompanying report lan-guage for the ASFF. S
EC. 9010. Funds made available in this title to the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance may be used to purchase items having an investment unit cost of not more than $250,000: Provided, That, upon determination by the Secretary of Defense that such action is nec-essary to meet the operational requirements of a Commander of a Combatant Command engaged in contingency operations overseas, such funds may be used to purchase items having an invest-ment item unit cost of not more than $500,000. S
EC. 9011. Up to $500,000,000 of funds appro-priated by this Act for the Defense Security Co-operation Agency in ‘‘Operation and Mainte-nance, Defense-Wide’’ may be used to provide assistance to the Government of Jordan to sup-port the armed forces of Jordan and to enhance security along its borders. S
EC. 9012. None of the funds made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Counter-ISIL Train and Equip Fund’’ may be used to procure or transfer man-portable air defense systems. S
EC. 9013. For the ‘‘Ukraine Security Assist-ance Initiative’’, $150,000,000 is hereby appro-priated, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided, That such funds shall be avail-able to the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to provide assist-ance, including training; equipment; lethal weapons of a defensive nature; logistics support, supplies and services; sustainment; and intel-ligence support to the military and national se-curity forces of Ukraine, and for replacement of any weapons or defensive articles provided to the Government of Ukraine from the inventory of the United States: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not less than 15 days prior to obligating funds provided under this heading, notify the congressional defense com-mittees in writing of the details of any such ob-ligation: Provided further, That the United States may accept equipment procured using 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.027 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6389 July 26, 2017 
funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts that was transferred to the security forces of Ukraine and returned by such forces to the United States: Provided further, That equip-ment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts, and not yet trans-ferred to the military or National Security Forces of Ukraine or returned by such forces to the United States, may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense upon written notifi-cation to the congressional defense committees: Provided further, That amounts made available by this section are designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. S
EC. 9014. Funds appropriated in this title shall be available for replacement of funds for items provided to the Government of Ukraine from the inventory of the United States to the extent specifically provided for in section 9013 of this Act. S
EC. 9015. None of the funds made available by this Act under section 9013 for ‘‘Assistance and Sustainment to the Military and National Security Forces of Ukraine’’ may be used to pro-cure or transfer man-portable air defense sys-tems. S
EC. 9016. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, De-fense-Wide’’ for payments under section 1233 of Public Law 110–181 for reimbursement to the Government of Pakistan may be made available unless the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, certifies to the con-gressional defense committees that the Govern-ment of Pakistan is— (1) cooperating with the United States in counterterrorism efforts against the Haqqani Network, the Quetta Shura Taliban, Lashkar e- Tayyiba, Jaish-e-Mohammed, Al Qaeda, and other domestic and foreign terrorist organiza-tions, including taking steps to end support for such groups and prevent them from basing and operating in Pakistan and carrying out cross border attacks into neighboring countries; (2) not supporting terrorist activities against United States or coalition forces in Afghanistan, and Pakistan’s military and intelligence agen-cies are not intervening extra-judicially into po-litical and judicial processes in Pakistan; (3) dismantling improvised explosive device (IED) networks and interdicting precursor chemicals used in the manufacture of IEDs; (4) preventing the proliferation of nuclear-re-lated material and expertise; (5) implementing policies to protect judicial independence and due process of law; (6) issuing visas in a timely manner for United States visitors engaged in counterterrorism ef-forts and assistance programs in Pakistan; and (7) providing humanitarian organizations ac-cess to detainees, internally displaced persons, and other Pakistani civilians affected by the conflict. (b) The Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, may waive the re-striction in subsection (a) on a case-by-case basis by certifying in writing to the congres-sional defense committees that it is in the na-tional security interest to do so: Provided, That if the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, exercises such waiver au-thority, the Secretaries shall report to the con-gressional defense committees on both the jus-tification for the waiver and on the require-ments of this section that the Government of Pakistan was not able to meet: Provided further, That such report may be submitted in classified form if necessary. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 9017. In addition to amounts otherwise made available in this Act, $500,000,000 is hereby appropriated to the Department of Defense and made available for transfer only to the oper-ation and maintenance, military personnel, and procurement accounts, to improve the intel-ligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance capa-bilities of the Department of Defense: Provided, That the transfer authority provided in this sec-tion is in addition to any other transfer author-ity provided elsewhere in this Act: Provided fur-ther, That not later than 30 days prior to exer-cising the transfer authority provided in this section, the Secretary of Defense shall submit a report to the congressional defense committees on the proposed uses of these funds: Provided further, That the funds provided in this section may not be transferred to any program, project, or activity specifically limited or denied by this Act: Provided further, That amounts made available by this section are designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That the authority to provide funding under this section shall terminate on September 30, 2018. SEC. 9018. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used with respect to Syria in contravention of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.), including for the introduc-tion of United States armed or military forces into hostilities in Syria, into situations in Syria where imminent involvement in hostilities is clearly indicated by the circumstances, or into Syrian territory, airspace, or waters while equipped for combat, in contravention of the congressional consultation and reporting re-quirements of sections 3 and 4 of that law (50 U.S.C. 1542 and 1543). 
(RESCISSIONS)  S
EC. 9019. Of the funds appropriated in De-partment of Defense Appropriations Acts, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts and programs in the speci-fied amounts: Provided, That such amounts are designated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: ‘‘Other Procurement, Air Force’’, 2017/2019, $25,100,000; ‘‘Afghanistan Security Forces Fund’’, 2017/ 2018, $100,000,000; and ‘‘Counter-ISIL Train and Equip Fund’’, 2017/ 2018, $112,513,000. ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide, DSCA Coalition Support Fund’’, 2017/2018, $350,000,000. S
EC. 9020. Each amount designated in this Act by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to sec-tion 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall be available only if the President subsequently so designates all such amounts and transmits such designations to the Congress. S
EC. 9021. (a) Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to Congress a report on the United States strategy to defeat Al-Qaeda, the Taliban, the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), and their associated forces and co-belligerents. (b) The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) An analysis of the adequacy of the existing legal framework to accomplish the strategy de-scribed in subsection (a), particularly with re-spect to the Authorization for Use of Military Force (Public Law 107–40; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note) and the Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolution of 2002 (Public Law 107–243; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note). (2) An analysis of the budgetary resources necessary to accomplish the strategy described in subsection (a). (c) Not later than 30 days after the date on which the President submits to the appropriate congressional committees the report required by subsection (a), the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Defense shall testify at any hearing held by any of the appropriate congressional committees on the report and to which the Sec-retary is invited. (d) In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate con-gressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. TITLE X—ADDITIONAL GENERAL PROVISIONS REFERENCES TO ACT  S
EC. 10001. Except as expressly provided other-wise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as referring only to the provisions of this division. 
REFERENCES TO REPORT  S
EC. 10002. Any reference to a ‘‘report accom-panying this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as a reference to House Report 115–219. The effect of such Report shall be lim-ited to this division and shall apply for purposes of determining the allocation of funds provided by, and the implementation of, this division. 
SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT  S
EC. 10003. $0. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2018’’. DIVISION B—LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 The following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-priated, for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I LEGISLATIVE BRANCH HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES S
ALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries and expenses of the House of Representatives, $1,194,050,766, as follows: H
OUSE LEADERSHIP OFFICES  For salaries and expenses, as authorized by law, $22,278,891, including: Office of the Speak-er, $6,645,417, including $25,000 for official ex-penses of the Speaker; Office of the Majority Floor Leader, $2,180,048, including $10,000 for official expenses of the Majority Leader; Office of the Minority Floor Leader, $7,114,471, includ-ing $10,000 for official expenses of the Minority Leader; Office of the Majority Whip, including the Chief Deputy Majority Whip, $1,886,632, in-cluding $5,000 for official expenses of the Major-ity Whip; Office of the Minority Whip, includ-ing the Chief Deputy Minority Whip, $1,459,639, including $5,000 for official expenses of the Mi-nority Whip; Republican Conference, $1,505,426; Democratic Caucus, $1,487,258: Provided, That such amount for salaries and expenses shall re-main available from January 3, 2018 until Janu-ary 2, 2019. M
EMBERS ’ REPRESENTATIONAL ALLOWANCES  I
NCLUDING MEMBERS ’ CLERK HIRE, OFFICIAL  E
XPENSES OF MEMBERS , ANDOFFICIAL MAIL For Members’ representational allowances, in-cluding Members’ clerk hire, official expenses, and official mail, $562,632,498. C
OMMITTEE EMPLOYEES  S
TANDING COMMITTEES , SPECIAL AND SELECT  For salaries and expenses of standing commit-tees, special and select, authorized by House res-olutions, $127,053,373: Provided, That such amount shall remain available for such salaries and expenses until December 31, 2018, except that $3,150,200 of such amount shall remain available until expended for committee room up-grading. C
OMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS  For salaries and expenses of the Committee on Appropriations, $23,226,000, including studies 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.027 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6390 July 26, 2017 
and examinations of executive agencies and temporary personal services for such committee, to be expended in accordance with section 202(b) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 and to be available for reimbursement to agen-cies for services performed: Provided, That such amount shall remain available for such salaries and expenses until December 31, 2018. S
ALARIES , OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES  For compensation and expenses of officers and employees, as authorized by law, $198,156,000, including: for salaries and expenses of the Of-fice of the Clerk, including the positions of the Chaplain and the Historian, and including not more than $25,000 for official representation and reception expenses, of which not more than $20,000 is for the Family Room and not more than $2,000 is for the Office of the Chaplain, $27,945,000; for salaries and expenses of the Of-fice of the Sergeant at Arms, including the posi-tion of Superintendent of Garages and the Of-fice of Emergency Management, and including not more than $3,000 for official representation and reception expenses, $20,505,000 of which $6,696,000 shall remain available until expended; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Chief Administrative Officer including not more than $3,000 for official representation and recep-tion expenses, $127,165,000, of which $2,108,000 shall remain available until expended; for sala-ries and expenses of the Office of the Inspector General, $4,968,000; for salaries and expenses of the Office of General Counsel, $1,492,000; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Parlia-mentarian, including the Parliamentarian, $2,000 for preparing the Digest of Rules, and not more than $1,000 for official representation and reception expenses, $2,037,000; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Law Revision Counsel of the House, $3,209,000; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Legislative Counsel of the House, $9,437,000; for salaries and expenses of the Office of Interparliamen-tary Affairs, $814,000; for other authorized em-ployees, $584,000. A
LLOWANCES AND EXPENSES  For allowances and expenses as authorized by House resolution or law, $260,704,004, including: supplies, materials, administrative costs and Federal tort claims, $3,625,000; official mail for committees, leadership offices, and administra-tive offices of the House, $190,000; Government contributions for health, retirement, Social Se-curity, and other applicable employee benefits, $233,540,004, to remain available until March 31, 2019; Business Continuity and Disaster Recov-ery, $16,186,000 of which $5,000,000 shall remain available until expended; transition activities for new members and staff, $2,273,000, to remain available until expended; Wounded Warrior Program $2,500,000, to remain available until ex-pended; Office of Congressional Ethics, $1,670,000; and miscellaneous items including purchase, exchange, maintenance, repair and operation of House motor vehicles, inter-parliamentary receptions, and gratuities to heirs of deceased employees of the House, $720,000. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
REQUIRING AMOUNTS REMAINING IN MEMBERS ’ 
REPRESENTATIONAL ALLOWANCES TO BE USED  
FOR DEFICIT REDUCTION OR TO REDUCE THE  
FEDERAL DEBT  S
EC. 101. (a) Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, any amounts appropriated under this Act for ‘‘HOUSE OF REPRESENTA-TIVES—S
ALARIES AND EXPENSES —MEMBERS ’ R
EPRESENTATIONAL ALLOWANCES ’’ shall be available only for fiscal year 2018. Any amount remaining after all payments are made under such allowances for fiscal year 2018 shall be de-posited in the Treasury and used for deficit re-duction (or, if there is no Federal budget deficit after all such payments have been made, for re-ducing the Federal debt, in such manner as the Secretary of the Treasury considers appro-priate). (b) REGULATIONS .—The Committee on House Administration of the House of Representatives shall have authority to prescribe regulations to carry out this section. (c) D
EFINITION .—As used in this section, the term ‘‘Member of the House of Representatives’’ means a Representative in, or a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to, the Congress. 
DELIVERY OF BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS  S
EC. 102. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to deliver a printed copy of a bill, joint resolution, or resolution to the of-fice of a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress) unless the Member requests a copy. 
DELIVERY OF CONGRESSIONAL RECORD  S
EC. 103. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to deliver a printed copy of any version of the Congressional Record to the office of a Member of the House of Rep-resentatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress). 
LIMITATION ON AMOUNT AVAILABLE TO LEASE  
VEHICLES  S
EC. 104. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by the Chief Administra-tive Officer of the House of Representatives to make any payments from any Members’ Rep-resentational Allowance for the leasing of a ve-hicle, excluding mobile district offices, in an ag-gregate amount that exceeds $1,000 for the vehi-cle in any month. 
LIMITATION ON PRINTED COPIES OF U .S. CODE TO  
HOUSE  S
EC. 105. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to provide an aggregate number of more than 50 printed copies of any edition of the United States Code to all offices of the House of Representatives. 
DELIVERY OF REPORTS OF DISBURSEMENTS  S
EC. 106. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to deliver a printed copy of the report of disbursements for the operations of the House of Representatives under section 106 of the House of Representatives Administra-tive Reform Technical Corrections Act (2 U.S.C. 5535) to the office of a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resi-dent Commissioner to the Congress). 
DELIVERY OF DAILY CALENDAR  S
EC. 107. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to deliver to the office of a Member of the House of Representatives (in-cluding a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress) a printed copy of the Daily Cal-endar of the House of Representatives which is prepared by the Clerk of the House of Rep-resentatives. 
DELIVERY OF CONGRESSIONAL PICTORIAL  
DIRECTORY  S
EC. 108. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to deliver a printed copy of the Congressional Pictorial Directory to the office of a Member of the House of Representa-tives (including a Delegate or Resident Commis-sioner to the Congress). 
AMENDING THE HOUSE SERVICES REVOLVING FUND  S
EC. 109. (a) C OLLECTION OF CERTAIN SERVICE  F
EES.—Section 105(a) of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2005 (2 U.S.C. 5545(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7) The collection of a service fee from ven-dors of the Master Web Services Agreement or the Technology Services Contract for failure to abide by and maintain House of Representatives security policies.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
ADJUSTMENTS TO COMPENSATION  S
EC. 110. Not withstanding any other provi-sion of law, no adjustment shall be made under section 601(a) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4501) (relating to cost of living adjustments for Members of Congress) during fiscal year 2018. JOINT ITEMS For Joint Committees, as follows: JOINT ECONOMIC COMMITTEE  For salaries and expenses of the Joint Eco-nomic Committee, $4,203,000, to be disbursed by the Secretary of the Senate. J
OINT COMMITTEE ON TAXATION  For salaries and expenses of the Joint Com-mittee on Taxation, $10,455,000, to be disbursed by the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives. For other joint items, as follows: O
FFICE OF THE ATTENDING PHYSICIAN  For medical supplies, equipment, and contin-gent expenses of the emergency rooms, and for the Attending Physician and his assistants, in-cluding: (1) an allowance of $2,175 per month to the Attending Physician; (2) an allowance of $1,300 per month to the Senior Medical Officer; (3) an allowance of $725 per month each to three medical officers while on duty in the Of-fice of the Attending Physician; (4) an allowance of $725 per month to 2 assist-ants and $580 per month each not to exceed 11 assistants on the basis heretofore provided for such assistants; and (5) $2,780,000 for reimbursement to the Depart-ment of the Navy for expenses incurred for staff and equipment assigned to the Office of the At-tending Physician, which shall be advanced and credited to the applicable appropriation or ap-propriations from which such salaries, allow-ances, and other expenses are payable and shall be available for all the purposes thereof, $3,838,000, to be disbursed by the Chief Adminis-trative Officer of the House of Representatives. O
FFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL ACCESSIBILITY  S
ERVICES  S
ALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries and expenses of the Office of Congressional Accessibility Services, $1,444,000, to be disbursed by the Secretary of the Senate. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  S
EC. 1001. (a) E STABLISHMENT OF SENIOR  L
EVEL POSITIONS .—Notwithstanding any order issued by the Speaker of the House of Rep-resentatives pursuant to paragraph (1) of sec-tion 311(d) of the Legislative Branch Appropria-tions Act, 1988 (2 U.S.C. 4532(1)), the chair of the Joint Committee on Taxation may establish and fix the compensation of senior level posi-tions in the staff of the Joint Committee to meet critical scientific, technical, professional, or ex-ecutive needs of the Joint Committee. (b) L
IMITATION ON COMPENSATION .—The an- nual rate of pay for any position established under this section may not exceed the annual rate of pay for level II of the Executive Sched-ule. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .— Subsection (e) of section 214 of the Postal Revenue and Federal Salary Act of 1967 (2 U.S.C. 4302) is repealed. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall apply with respect to fiscal year 2018 and each suc-ceeding fiscal year. CAPITOL POLICE S
ALARIES  For salaries of employees of the Capitol Po-lice, including overtime, hazardous duty pay, and Government contributions for health, retire-ment, social security, professional liability in-surance, and other applicable employee benefits, $347,700,000 of which overtime shall not exceed $45,000,000 unless the Committee on Appropria-tions of the House and Senate are notified, to be disbursed by the Chief of the Capitol Police or his designee. G
ENERAL EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Capitol Police, including motor vehicles, communications and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.027 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6391 July 26, 2017 
other equipment, security equipment and instal-lation, uniforms, weapons, supplies, materials, training, medical services, forensic services, stenographic services, personal and professional services, the employee assistance program, the awards program, postage, communication serv-ices, travel advances, relocation of instructor and liaison personnel for the Federal Law En-forcement Training Center, and not more than $5,000 to be expended on the certification of the Chief of the Capitol Police in connection with official representation and reception expenses, $74,800,000, to be disbursed by the Chief of the Capitol Police or his designee: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the cost of basic training for the Capitol Police at the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center for fiscal year 2018 shall be paid by the Sec-retary of Homeland Security from funds avail-able to the Department of Homeland Security. OFFICE OF COMPLIANCE S
ALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries and expenses of the Office of Compliance, as authorized by section 305 of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1385), $3,959,000, of which $450,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Pro-vided, That not more than $500 may be ex-pended on the certification of the Executive Di-rector of the Office of Compliance in connection with official representation and reception ex-penses. CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE S
ALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries and expenses necessary for oper-ation of the Congressional Budget Office, in-cluding not more than $6,000 to be expended on the certification of the Director of the Congres-sional Budget Office in connection with official representation and reception expenses, $48,500,000. ARCHITECT OF THE CAPITOL C
APITAL CONSTRUCTION AND OPERATIONS  For salaries for the Architect of the Capitol, and other personal services, at rates of pay pro-vided by law; for all necessary expenses for sur-veys and studies, construction, operation, and general and administrative support in connec-tion with facilities and activities under the care of the Architect of the Capitol including the Bo-tanic Garden; electrical substations of the Cap-itol, Senate and House office buildings, and other facilities under the jurisdiction of the Ar-chitect of the Capitol; including furnishings and office equipment; including not more than $5,000 for official reception and representation ex-penses, to be expended as the Architect of the Capitol may approve; for purchase or exchange, maintenance, and operation of a passenger motor vehicle, $93,000,000. C
APITOL BUILDING  For all necessary expenses for the mainte-nance, care and operation of the Capitol, $45,300,000, of which $19,458,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2022. C
APITOL GROUNDS  For all necessary expenses for care and im-provement of grounds surrounding the Capitol, the Senate and House office buildings, and the Capitol Power Plant, $13,333,000, of which $3,195,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2022. H
OUSE OFFICE BUILDINGS  For all necessary expenses for the mainte-nance, care and operation of the House office buildings, $169,294,000, of which $45,130,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2022, and of which $62,000,000 shall remain available until expended for the restoration and renova-tion of the Cannon House Office Building. In addition, for a payment to the House His-toric Buildings Revitalization Trust Fund, $10,000,000, to remain available until expended. CAPITOL POWER PLANT For all necessary expenses for the mainte-nance, care and operation of the Capitol Power Plant; lighting, heating, power (including the purchase of electrical energy) and water and sewer services for the Capitol, Senate and House office buildings, Library of Congress buildings, and the grounds about the same, Botanic Gar-den, Senate garage, and air conditioning refrig-eration not supplied from plants in any of such buildings; heating the Government Publishing Office and Washington City Post Office, and heating and chilled water for air conditioning for the Supreme Court Building, the Union Sta-tion complex, the Thurgood Marshall Federal Judiciary Building and the Folger Shakespeare Library, expenses for which shall be advanced or reimbursed upon request of the Architect of the Capitol and amounts so received shall be de-posited into the Treasury to the credit of this appropriation, $106,694,000, of which $28,057,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2022: Provided, That not more than $9,000,000 of the funds credited or to be reimbursed to this appro-priation as herein provided shall be available for obligation during fiscal year 2018. L
IBRARY BUILDINGS AND GROUNDS  For all necessary expenses for the mechanical and structural maintenance, care and operation of the Library buildings and grounds, $76,097,000, of which $48,724,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2022. C
APITOL POLICE BUILDINGS , GROUNDS AND  S
ECURITY  For all necessary expenses for the mainte-nance, care and operation of buildings, grounds and security enhancements of the United States Capitol Police, wherever located, the Alternate Computer Facility, and Architect of the Capitol security operations, $33,249,000, of which $12,300,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2022. B
OTANIC GARDEN  For all necessary expenses for the mainte-nance, care and operation of the Botanic Gar-den and the nurseries, buildings, grounds, and collections; and purchase and exchange, main-tenance, repair, and operation of a passenger motor vehicle; all under the direction of the Joint Committee on the Library, $13,400,000, of which $2,600,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2022: Provided, That, of the amount made available under this heading, the Architect of the Capitol may obligate and ex-pend such sums as may be necessary for the maintenance, care and operation of the Na-tional Garden established under section 307E of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 1989 (2 U.S.C. 2146), upon vouchers approved by the Architect of the Capitol or a duly authorized designee. C
APITOL VISITOR CENTER  For all necessary expenses for the operation of the Capitol Visitor Center, $21,470,000. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
NO BONUSES FOR CONTRACTORS BEHIND SCHEDULE  
OR OVER BUDGET  S
EC. 1101. None of the funds made available in this Act for the Architect of the Capitol may be used to make incentive or award payments to contractors for work on contracts or programs for which the contractor is behind schedule or over budget, unless the Architect of the Capitol, or agency-employed designee, determines that any such deviations are due to unforeseeable events, government-driven scope changes, or are not significant within the overall scope of the project and/or program. 
SCRIMS  S
EC. 1102. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for scrims containing photographs of building facades during restora-tion or construction projects performed by the Architect of the Capitol. LIBRARY OF CONGRESS SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For all necessary expenses of the Library of Congress not otherwise provided for, including development and maintenance of the Library’s catalogs; custody and custodial care of the Li-brary buildings; special clothing; cleaning, laundering and repair of uniforms; preservation of motion pictures in the custody of the Library; operation and maintenance of the American Folklife Center in the Library; preparation and distribution of catalog records and other publi-cations of the Library; hire or purchase of one passenger motor vehicle; and expenses of the Li-brary of Congress Trust Fund Board not prop-erly chargeable to the income of any trust fund held by the Board, $464,209,234, of which not more than $6,000,000 shall be derived from col-lections credited to this appropriation during fiscal year 2018, and shall remain available until expended, under the Act of June 28, 1902 (chap-ter 1301; 32 Stat. 480; 2 U.S.C. 150) and not more than $350,000 shall be derived from collections during fiscal year 2018 and shall remain avail-able until expended for the development and maintenance of an international legal informa-tion database and activities related thereto: Pro-vided, That the Library of Congress may not ob-ligate or expend any funds derived from collec-tions under the Act of June 28, 1902, in excess of the amount authorized for obligation or expend-iture in appropriations Acts: Provided further, That the total amount available for obligation shall be reduced by the amount by which collec-tions are less than $6,350,000: Provided further, That, of the total amount appropriated, not more than $12,000 may be expended, on the cer-tification of the Librarian of Congress, in con-nection with official representation and recep-tion expenses for the Overseas Field Offices: Provided further, That, of the total amount ap-propriated, $8,653,000 shall remain available until expended for the digital collections and educational curricula program: Provided fur-ther, That, of the total amount appropriated, $1,300,000 shall remain available until expended for upgrade of the Legislative Branch Financial Management System. C
OPYRIGHT OFFICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For all necessary expenses of the Copyright Office, $72,011,000, of which not more than $35,218,000, to remain available until expended, shall be derived from collections credited to this appropriation during fiscal year 2018 under sec-tion 708(d) of title 17, United States Code: Pro-vided, That the Copyright Office may not obli-gate or expend any funds derived from collec-tions under such section, in excess of the amount authorized for obligation or expenditure in appropriations Acts: Provided further, That not more than $6,087,000 shall be derived from collections during fiscal year 2018 under sections 111(d)(2), 119(b)(3), 803(e), 1005, and 1316 of such title: Provided further, That the total amount available for obligation shall be reduced by the amount by which collections are less than $41,305,000: Provided further, That not more than $100,000 of the amount appropriated is available for the maintenance of an ‘‘Inter-national Copyright Institute’’ in the Copyright Office of the Library of Congress for the purpose of training nationals of developing countries in intellectual property laws and policies: Provided further, That $2,260,000 shall be derived from prior year unobligated balances: Provided fur-ther, That not more than $6,500 may be ex-pended, on the certification of the Librarian of Congress, in connection with official representa-tion and reception expenses for activities of the International Copyright Institute and for copy-right delegations, visitors, and seminars: Pro-vided further, That, notwithstanding any provi-sion of chapter 8 of title 17, United States Code, any amounts made available under this heading which are attributable to royalty fees and pay-ments received by the Copyright Office pursuant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.027 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6392 July 26, 2017 
to sections 111, 119, and chapter 10 of such title may be used for the costs incurred in the admin-istration of the Copyright Royalty Judges pro-gram, with the exception of the costs of salaries and benefits for the Copyright Royalty Judges and staff under section 802(e). C
ONGRESSIONAL RESEARCH SERVICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For all necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 203 of the Legislative Reor-ganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 166) and to re-vise and extend the Annotated Constitution of the United States of America, $111,474,000: Pro-vided, That no part of such amount may be used to pay any salary or expense in connection with any publication, or preparation of material therefor (except the Digest of Public General Bills), to be issued by the Library of Congress unless such publication has obtained prior ap-proval of either the Committee on House Admin-istration of the House of Representatives or the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate. B
OOKS FOR THE BLIND AND PHYSICALLY  H
ANDICAPPED  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For all necessary expenses to carry out the Act of March 3, 1931 (chapter 400; 46 Stat. 1487; 2 U.S.C. 135a), $50,248,000: Provided, That, of the total amount appropriated, $650,000 shall be available to contract to provide newspapers to blind and physically handicapped residents at no cost to the individual. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  
REIMBURSABLE AND REVOLVING FUND ACTIVITIES  S
EC. 1201. (a) I NGENERAL .—For fiscal year 2018, the obligational authority of the Library of Congress for the activities described in sub-section (b) may not exceed $190,642,000. (b) A
CTIVITIES .—The activities referred to in subsection (a) are reimbursable and revolving fund activities that are funded from sources other than appropriations to the Library in ap-propriations Acts for the legislative branch. GOVERNMENT PUBLISHING OFFICE C
ONGRESSIONAL PUBLISHING  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For authorized publishing of congressional in-formation and the distribution of congressional information in any format; publishing of Gov-ernment publications authorized by law to be distributed to Members of Congress; and pub-lishing, and distribution of Government publica-tions authorized by law to be distributed with-out charge to the recipient, $79,528,000: Pro-vided, That this appropriation shall not be available for paper copies of the permanent edi-tion of the Congressional Record for individual Representatives, Resident Commissioners or Del-egates authorized under section 906 of title 44, United States Code: Provided further, That this appropriation shall be available for the payment of obligations incurred under the appropriations for similar purposes for preceding fiscal years: Provided further, That notwithstanding the 2- year limitation under section 718 of title 44, United States Code, none of the funds appro-priated or made available under this Act or any other Act for printing and binding and related services provided to Congress under chapter 7 of title 44, United States Code, may be expended to print a document, report, or publication after the 27-month period beginning on the date that such document, report, or publication is author-ized by Congress to be printed, unless Congress reauthorizes such printing in accordance with section 718 of title 44, United States Code: Pro-vided further, That any unobligated or unex-pended balances in this account or accounts for similar purposes for preceding fiscal years may be transferred to the Government Publishing Of-fice Business Operations Revolving Fund for carrying out the purposes of this heading, sub-ject to the approval of the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and Senate: Provided further, That notwithstanding sections 901, 902, and 906 of title 44, United States Code, this appropriation may be used to prepare indexes to the Congressional Record on only a monthly and session basis. PUBLIC INFORMATION PROGRAMS OF THE  S
UPERINTENDENT OF DOCUMENTS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses of the public information pro-grams of the Office of Superintendent of Docu-ments necessary to provide for the cataloging and indexing of Government publications and their distribution to the public, Members of Con-gress, other Government agencies, and des-ignated depository and international exchange libraries as authorized by law, $29,000,000: Pro-vided, That amounts of not more than $2,000,000 from current year appropriations are authorized for producing and disseminating Congressional serial sets and other related publications for fis-cal years 2016 and 2017 to depository and other designated libraries: Provided further, That any unobligated or unexpended balances in this ac-count or accounts for similar purposes for pre-ceding fiscal years may be transferred to the Government Publishing Office Business Oper-ations Revolving Fund for carrying out the pur-poses of this heading, subject to the approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and Senate. G
OVERNMENT PUBLISHING OFFICE BUSINESS  O
PERATIONS REVOLVING FUND For payment to the Government Publishing Office Business Operations Revolving Fund, $8,540,000, to remain available until expended, for information technology development and fa-cilities repair: Provided, That the Government Publishing Office is hereby authorized to make such expenditures, within the limits of funds available and in accordance with law, and to make such contracts and commitments without regard to fiscal year limitations as provided by section 9104 of title 31, United States Code, as may be necessary in carrying out the programs and purposes set forth in the budget for the cur-rent fiscal year for the Government Publishing Office Business Operations Revolving Fund: Provided further, That not more than $7,500 may be expended on the certification of the Di-rector of the Government Publishing Office in connection with official representation and re-ception expenses: Provided further, That the business operations revolving fund shall be available for the hire or purchase of not more than 12 passenger motor vehicles: Provided fur-ther, That expenditures in connection with trav-el expenses of the advisory councils to the Direc-tor of the Government Publishing Office shall be deemed necessary to carry out the provisions of title 44, United States Code: Provided further, That the business operations revolving fund shall be available for temporary or intermittent services under section 3109(b) of title 5, United States Code, but at rates for individuals not more than the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay for level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of such title: Pro-vided further, That activities financed through the business operations revolving fund may pro-vide information in any format: Provided fur-ther, That the business operations revolving fund and the funds provided under the heading ‘‘Public Information Programs of the Super-intendent of Documents’’ may not be used for contracted security services at the Government Publishing Office’s passport facility in the Dis-trict of Columbia. GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE S
ALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Government Ac-countability Office, including not more than $12,500 to be expended on the certification of the Comptroller General of the United States in con-nection with official representation and recep-tion expenses; temporary or intermittent services under section 3109(b) of title 5, United States Code, but at rates for individuals not more than the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay for level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of such title; hire of one passenger motor vehicle; advance payments in foreign countries in accordance with section 3324 of title 31, United States Code; benefits comparable to those payable under sections 901(5), (6), and (8) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4081(5), (6), and (8)); and under regulations pre-scribed by the Comptroller General of the United States, rental of living quarters in foreign coun-tries, $544,505,919: Provided, That, in addition, $23,800,000 of payments received under sections 782, 791, 3521, and 9105 of title 31, United States Code, shall be available without fiscal year limi-tation: Provided further, That this appropria-tion and appropriations for administrative ex-penses of any other department or agency which is a member of the National Intergovernmental Audit Forum or a Regional Intergovernmental Audit Forum shall be available to finance an appropriate share of either Forum’s costs as de-termined by the respective Forum, including necessary travel expenses of non-Federal par-ticipants: Provided further, That payments hereunder to the Forum may be credited as re-imbursements to any appropriation from which costs involved are initially financed. OPEN WORLD LEADERSHIP CENTER TRUST FUND For a payment to the Open World Leadership Center Trust Fund for financing activities of the Open World Leadership Center under section 313 of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2001 (2 U.S.C. 1151), $5,600,000: Provided, That funds made available to support Russian participants shall only be used for those engag-ing in free market development, humanitarian activities, and civic engagement, and shall not be used for officials of the central government of Russia. JOHNC. STENNIS CENTER FOR PUBLIC SERVICE  T
RAINING AND DEVELOPMENT  For payment to the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Development Trust Fund estab-lished under section 116 of the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Training and Develop-ment Act (2 U.S.C. 1105), $430,000. TITLE II GENERAL PROVISIONS 
MAINTENANCE AND CARE OF PRIVATE VEHICLES  S
EC. 201. No part of the funds appropriated in this Act shall be used for the maintenance or care of private vehicles, except for emergency assistance and cleaning as may be provided under regulations relating to parking facilities for the House of Representatives issued by the Committee on House Administration and for the Senate issued by the Committee on Rules and Administration. 
FISCAL YEAR LIMITATION  S
EC. 202. No part of the funds appropriated in this Act shall remain available for obligation be-yond fiscal year 2018 unless expressly so pro-vided in this Act. 
RATES OF COMPENSATION AND DESIGNATION  S
EC. 203. Whenever in this Act any office or position not specifically established by the Leg-islative Pay Act of 1929 (46 Stat. 32 et seq.) is appropriated for or the rate of compensation or designation of any office or position appro-priated for is different from that specifically es-tablished by such Act, the rate of compensation and the designation in this Act shall be the per-manent law with respect thereto: Provided, That the provisions in this Act for the various items of official expenses of Members, officers, and committees of the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives, and clerk hire for Senators and Members of the House of Representatives shall be the permanent law with respect thereto. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.027 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6393 July 26, 2017 
CONSULTING SERVICES  S
EC. 204. The expenditure of any appropria-tion under this Act for any consulting service through procurement contract, under section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, shall be lim-ited to those contracts where such expenditures are a matter of public record and available for public inspection, except where otherwise pro-vided under existing law, or under existing Ex-ecutive order issued under existing law. 
COSTS OF LBFMC  S
EC. 205. Amounts available for administrative expenses of any legislative branch entity which participates in the Legislative Branch Financial Managers Council (LBFMC) established by charter on March 26, 1996, shall be available to finance an appropriate share of LBFMC costs as determined by the LBFMC, except that the total LBFMC costs to be shared among all par-ticipating legislative branch entities (in such al-locations among the entities as the entities may determine) may not exceed $2,000. 
LIMITATION ON TRANSFERS  S
EC. 206. None of the funds made available in this Act may be transferred to any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this Act or any other appropriation Act. 
GUIDED TOURS OF THE CAPITOL  S
EC. 207. (a) Except as provided in subsection (b), none of the funds made available to the Ar-chitect of the Capitol in this Act may be used to eliminate or restrict guided tours of the United States Capitol which are led by employees and interns of offices of Members of Congress and other offices of the House of Representatives and Senate. (b) At the direction of the Capitol Police Board, or at the direction of the Architect of the Capitol with the approval of the Capitol Police Board, guided tours of the United States Capitol which are led by employees and interns de-scribed in subsection (a) may be suspended tem-porarily or otherwise subject to restriction for security or related reasons to the same extent as guided tours of the United States Capitol which are led by the Architect of the Capitol. 
REFERENCES TO ACT  S
EC. 208. Except as expressly provided other-wise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as referring only to the provisions of this division. 
REFERENCES TO REPORT  S
EC. 209. Any reference to a ‘‘report accom-panying this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as a reference to House Report 115–199. The effect of such Report shall be lim-ited to this division and shall apply for purposes of determining the allocation of funds provided by, and the implementation of, this division. 
SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT  S
EC. 210. $0. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2018’’. DIVISION C—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 The following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-priated, for military construction, the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMY For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent pub-lic works, military installations, facilities, and real property for the Army as currently author-ized by law, including personnel in the Army Corps of Engineers and other personal services necessary for the purposes of this appropriation, and for construction and operation of facilities in support of the functions of the Commander in Chief, $923,994,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022: Provided, That, of this amount, not to exceed $101,470,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, architect and engineer services, and host nation support, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of the Army determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , NAVY AND MARINE  C
ORPS For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent pub-lic works, naval installations, facilities, and real property for the Navy and Marine Corps as cur-rently authorized by law, including personnel in the Naval Facilities Engineering Command and other personal services necessary for the pur-poses of this appropriation, $1,558,085,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2022: Pro-vided, That, of this amount, not to exceed $219,069,000 shall be available for study, plan-ning, design, and architect and engineer serv-ices, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of the Navy determines that additional obliga-tions are necessary for such purposes and noti-fies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent pub-lic works, military installations, facilities, and real property for the Air Force as currently au-thorized by law, $1,540,474,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2022: Provided, That, of this amount, not to exceed $97,852,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and ar-chitect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of the Air Force deter-mines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , DEFENSE -WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent pub-lic works, installations, facilities, and real prop-erty for activities and agencies of the Depart-ment of Defense (other than the military depart-ments), as currently authorized by law, $2,791,272,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2022: Provided, That such amounts of this appropriation as may be determined by the Secretary of Defense may be transferred to such appropriations of the Department of Defense available for military construction or family housing as the Secretary may designate, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes, and for the same time period, as the appropriation or fund to which transferred: Provided further, That, of the amount, not to exceed $185,717,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Sec-retary of Defense determines that additional ob-ligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMYNATIONAL  G
UARD  For construction, acquisition, expansion, re-habilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Army Na-tional Guard, and contributions therefor, as au-thorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Author-ization Acts, $210,652,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022: Provided, That, of the amount, not to exceed $16,271,000 shall be avail-able for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, un-less the Director of the Army National Guard determines that additional obligations are nec-essary for such purposes and notifies the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRNATIONAL GUARD  For construction, acquisition, expansion, re-habilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Air National Guard, and contributions therefor, as author-ized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $161,491,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2022: Provided, That, of the amount, not to exceed $18,000,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engi-neer services, as authorized by law, unless the Director of the Air National Guard determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMYRESERVE  For construction, acquisition, expansion, re-habilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Army Re-serve as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $73,712,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2022: Provided, That, of the amount, not to exceed $6,887,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and ar-chitect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Chief of the Army Reserve deter-mines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , NAVYRESERVE  For construction, acquisition, expansion, re-habilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the reserve com-ponents of the Navy and Marine Corps as au-thorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Author-ization Acts, $65,271,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022: Provided, That, of the amount, not to exceed $4,430,000 shall be avail-able for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, un-less the Secretary of the Navy determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress of the de-termination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE RESERVE  For construction, acquisition, expansion, re-habilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Air Force Re-serve as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $63,535,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2022: Provided, That, of the amount, not to exceed $4,725,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and ar-chitect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Chief of the Air Force Reserve determines that additional obligations are nec-essary for such purposes and notifies the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor: Provided further, That, the Chief of the Air Force Reserve shall take immediate ac-tion to address unfunded military construction requirements for access control points and secu-rity issues at Air Force Reserve facilities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.027 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6394 July 26, 2017 
NORTH ATLANTIC TREATY ORGANIZATION  S
ECURITY INVESTMENT PROGRAM  For the United States share of the cost of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security In-vestment Program for the acquisition and con-struction of military facilities and installations (including international military headquarters) and for related expenses for the collective de-fense of the North Atlantic Treaty Area as au-thorized by section 2806 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $177,932,000, to remain available until ex-pended. D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE BASECLOSURE  A
CCOUNT  For deposit into the Department of Defense Base Closure Account, established by section 2906(a) of the Defense Base Closure and Re-alignment Act of 1990 (10 U.S.C. 2687 note), $290,867,000, to remain available until expended. F
AMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION , ARMY For expenses of family housing for the Army for construction, including acquisition, replace-ment, addition, expansion, extension, and alter-ation, as authorized by law, $182,662,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2022. F
AMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , A
RMY For expenses of family housing for the Army for operation and maintenance, including debt payment, leasing, minor construction, principal and interest charges, and insurance premiums, as authorized by law, $346,625,000. F
AMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION , NAVY AND  M
ARINE CORPS For expenses of family housing for the Navy and Marine Corps for construction, including acquisition, replacement, addition, expansion, extension, and alteration, as authorized by law, $83,682,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022. F
AMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , N
AVY AND MARINE CORPS For expenses of family housing for the Navy and Marine Corps for operation and mainte-nance, including debt payment, leasing, minor construction, principal and interest charges, and insurance premiums, as authorized by law, $328,282,000. F
AMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE For expenses of family housing for the Air Force for construction, including acquisition, replacement, addition, expansion, extension, and alteration, as authorized by law, $85,062,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022. F
AMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , A
IRFORCE For expenses of family housing for the Air Force for operation and maintenance, including debt payment, leasing, minor construction, prin-cipal and interest charges, and insurance pre-miums, as authorized by law, $318,324,000. F
AMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , D
EFENSE -WIDE For expenses of family housing for the activi-ties and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments) for oper-ation and maintenance, leasing, and minor con-struction, as authorized by law, $59,169,000. D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FAMILY HOUSING  I
MPROVEMENT FUND For the Department of Defense Family Hous-ing Improvement Fund, $2,726,000, to remain available until expended, for family housing ini-tiatives undertaken pursuant to section 2883 of title 10, United States Code, providing alter-native means of acquiring and improving mili-tary family housing and supporting facilities. D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE MILITARY  U
NACCOMPANIED HOUSING IMPROVEMENT FUND For the Department of Defense Military Unac-companied Housing Improvement Fund, $623,000, to remain available until expended, for unaccompanied housing initiatives undertaken pursuant to section 2883 of title 10, United States Code, providing alternative means of ac-quiring and improving military unaccompanied housing and supporting facilities. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  S
EC. 101. None of the funds made available in this title shall be expended for payments under a cost-plus-a-fixed-fee contract for construction, where cost estimates exceed $25,000, to be per-formed within the United States, except Alaska, without the specific approval in writing of the Secretary of Defense setting forth the reasons therefor. S
EC. 102. Funds made available in this title for construction shall be available for hire of pas-senger motor vehicles. S
EC. 103. Funds made available in this title for construction may be used for advances to the Federal Highway Administration, Department of Transportation, for the construction of access roads as authorized by section 210 of title 23, United States Code, when projects authorized therein are certified as important to the na-tional defense by the Secretary of Defense. S
EC. 104. None of the funds made available in this title may be used to begin construction of new bases in the United States for which spe-cific appropriations have not been made. S
EC. 105. None of the funds made available in this title shall be used for purchase of land or land easements in excess of 100 percent of the value as determined by the Army Corps of Engi-neers or the Naval Facilities Engineering Com-mand, except: (1) where there is a determination of value by a Federal court; (2) purchases nego-tiated by the Attorney General or the designee of the Attorney General; (3) where the estimated value is less than $25,000; or (4) as otherwise de-termined by the Secretary of Defense to be in the public interest. S
EC. 106. None of the funds made available in this title shall be used to: (1) acquire land; (2) provide for site preparation; or (3) install utili-ties for any family housing, except housing for which funds have been made available in an-nual Acts making appropriations for military construction. S
EC. 107. None of the funds made available in this title for minor construction may be used to transfer or relocate any activity from one base or installation to another, without prior notifi-cation to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. S
EC. 108. None of the funds made available in this title may be used for the procurement of steel for any construction project or activity for which American steel producers, fabricators, and manufacturers have been denied the oppor-tunity to compete for such steel procurement. S
EC. 109. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense for military construction or family housing during the current fiscal year may be used to pay real property taxes in any foreign nation. S
EC. 110. None of the funds made available in this title may be used to initiate a new installa-tion overseas without prior notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. S
EC. 111. None of the funds made available in this title may be obligated for architect and en-gineer contracts estimated by the Government to exceed $500,000 for projects to be accomplished in Japan, in any North Atlantic Treaty Organi-zation member country, or in countries bor-dering the Arabian Gulf, unless such contracts are awarded to United States firms or United States firms in joint venture with host nation firms. S
EC. 112. None of the funds made available in this title for military construction in the United States territories and possessions in the Pacific and on Kwajalein Atoll, or in countries bor-dering the Arabian Gulf, may be used to award any contract estimated by the Government to ex-ceed $1,000,000 to a foreign contractor: Provided, That this section shall not be applicable to con-tract awards for which the lowest responsive and responsible bid of a United States con-tractor exceeds the lowest responsive and re-sponsible bid of a foreign contractor by greater than 20 percent: Provided further, That this sec-tion shall not apply to contract awards for mili-tary construction on Kwajalein Atoll for which the lowest responsive and responsible bid is sub-mitted by a Marshallese contractor. SEC. 113. The Secretary of Defense shall in-form the appropriate committees of both Houses of Congress, including the Committees on Ap-propriations, of plans and scope of any pro-posed military exercise involving United States personnel 30 days prior to its occurring, if amounts expended for construction, either tem-porary or permanent, are anticipated to exceed $100,000. S
EC. 114. Funds appropriated to the Depart-ment of Defense for construction in prior years shall be available for construction authorized for each such military department by the au-thorizations enacted into law during the current session of Congress. S
EC. 115. For military construction or family housing projects that are being completed with funds otherwise expired or lapsed for obligation, expired or lapsed funds may be used to pay the cost of associated supervision, inspection, over-head, engineering and design on those projects and on subsequent claims, if any. S
EC. 116. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any funds made available to a military department or defense agency for the construc-tion of military projects may be obligated for a military construction project or contract, or for any portion of such a project or contract, at any time before the end of the fourth fiscal year after the fiscal year for which funds for such project were made available, if the funds obli-gated for such project: (1) are obligated from funds available for military construction projects; and (2) do not exceed the amount ap-propriated for such project, plus any amount by which the cost of such project is increased pur-suant to law. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 117. Subject to 30 days prior notification, or 14 days for a notification provided in an elec-tronic medium pursuant to sections 480 and 2883 of title 10, United States Code, to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress, such additional amounts as may be determined by the Secretary of Defense may be transferred to: (1) the Department of Defense Family Hous-ing Improvement Fund from amounts appro-priated for construction in ‘‘Family Housing’’ accounts, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same period of time as amounts appropriated directly to the Fund; or (2) the Department of Defense Military Unaccompanied Housing Improvement Fund from amounts appropriated for construction of military unaccompanied housing in ‘‘Military Construction’’ accounts, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same period of time as amounts appropriated di-rectly to the Fund: Provided, That appropria-tions made available to the Funds shall be available to cover the costs, as defined in section 502(5) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, of direct loans or loan guarantees issued by the Department of Defense pursuant to the provi-sions of subchapter IV of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code, pertaining to alternative means of acquiring and improving military fam-ily housing, military unaccompanied housing, and supporting facilities. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 118. In addition to any other transfer au-thority available to the Department of Defense, amounts may be transferred from the Depart-ment of Defense Base Closure Account to the fund established by section 1013(d) of the Dem-onstration Cities and Metropolitan Development 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.027 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6395 July 26, 2017 
Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 3374) to pay for expenses associated with the Homeowners Assistance Pro-gram incurred under 42 U.S.C. 3374(a)(1)(A). Any amounts transferred shall be merged with and be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the fund to which trans-ferred. S
EC. 119. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds made available in this title for op-eration and maintenance of family housing shall be the exclusive source of funds for repair and maintenance of all family housing units, in-cluding general or flag officer quarters: Pro-vided, That not more than $15,000 per unit may be spent annually for the maintenance and re-pair of any general or flag officer quarters with-out 30 days prior notification, or 14 days for a notification provided in an electronic medium pursuant to sections 480 and 2883 of title 10, United States Code, to the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress, except that an after-the-fact notification shall be sub-mitted if the limitation is exceeded solely due to costs associated with environmental remediation that could not be reasonably anticipated at the time of the budget submission. S
EC. 120. Amounts contained in the Ford Is-land Improvement Account established by sub-section (h) of section 2814 of title 10, United States Code, are appropriated and shall be available until expended for the purposes speci-fied in subsection (i)(1) of such section or until transferred pursuant to subsection (i)(3) of such section. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 121. During the 5-year period after ap-propriations available in this Act to the Depart-ment of Defense for military construction and family housing operation and maintenance and construction have expired for obligation, upon a determination that such appropriations will not be necessary for the liquidation of obligations or for making authorized adjustments to such ap-propriations for obligations incurred during the period of availability of such appropriations, unobligated balances of such appropriations may be transferred into the appropriation ‘‘For-eign Currency Fluctuations, Construction, De-fense’’, to be merged with and to be available for the same time period and for the same purposes as the appropriation to which transferred. S
EC. 122. (a) Except as provided in subsection (b), none of the funds made available in this Act may be used by the Secretary of the Army to re-locate a unit in the Army that— (1) performs a testing mission or function that is not performed by any other unit in the Army and is specifically stipulated in title 10, United States Code; and (2) is located at a military installation at which the total number of civilian employees of the Department of the Army and Army con-tractor personnel employed exceeds 10 percent of the total number of members of the regular and reserve components of the Army assigned to the installation. (b) E
XCEPTION .—Subsection (a) shall not apply if the Secretary of the Army certifies to the congressional defense committees that in proposing the relocation of the unit of the Army, the Secretary complied with Army Regu-lation 5–10 relating to the policy, procedures, and responsibilities for Army stationing actions. S
EC. 123. Amounts appropriated or otherwise made available in an account funded under the headings in this title may be transferred among projects and activities within the account in ac-cordance with the reprogramming guidelines for military construction and family housing con-struction contained in Department of Defense Financial Management Regulation 7000.14–R, Volume 3, Chapter 7, of March 2011, as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act. S
EC. 124. None of the funds made available in this title may be obligated or expended for plan-ning and design and construction of projects at Arlington National Cemetery. SEC. 125. For an additional amount for the ac-counts and in the amounts specified, to remain available until September 30, 2022: ‘‘Military Construction, Army’’, $43,800,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $126,900,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Air Force’’, $70,300,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Army National Guard’’, $56,000,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Army Reserve’’, $56,000,000 ‘‘Military Construction, Air National Guard’’, $41,900,000; and ‘‘Military Construction, Air Force Reserve’’, $44,100,000: Provided, That such funds may only be obli-gated to carry out construction projects identi-fied in the respective military department’s un-funded priority list for fiscal year 2018 submitted to Congress by the Secretary of Defense: Pro-vided further, That such projects are subject to authorization prior to obligation and expendi-ture of funds to carry out construction: Pro-vided further, That not later than 30 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the mili-tary department concerned, or his or her des-ignee, shall submit to the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress an expend-iture plan for funds provided under this section. 
(RESCISSIONS OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 126. Of the unobligated balances avail-able to the Department of Defense from prior appropriation Acts, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts in the amounts specified: ‘‘Military Construction, Army’’, $10,000,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $10,000,000 ‘‘Military Construction, Defense-Wide’’, $27,440,000; ‘‘North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program’’, $25,000,000; ‘‘Family Housing Construction, Army’’, $18,000,000; ‘‘Family Housing Construction, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $8,000,000; and ‘‘Family Housing Construction, Air Force’’, $20,000,000: Provided, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism or as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended. S
EC. 127. For the purposes of this Act, the term ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ means the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Sub-committee on Military Construction and Vet-erans Affairs of the Committee on Appropria-tions of the Senate, and the Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. S
EC. 128. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out the closure or realignment of the United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS V
ETERANS BENEFITS ADMINISTRATION  
COMPENSATION AND PENSIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the payment of compensation benefits to or on behalf of veterans and a pilot program for disability examinations as authorized by section 107 and chapters 11, 13, 18, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code; pension benefits to or on behalf of veterans as authorized by chap-ters 15, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code; and burial benefits, the Reinstated Entitlement Program for Survivors, emergency and other officers’ retirement pay, adjusted- service credits and certificates, payment of pre-miums due on commercial life insurance policies guaranteed under the provisions of title IV of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. App. 541 et seq.) and for other benefits as au-thorized by sections 107, 1312, 1977, and 2106, and chapters 23, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code, $95,768,462,000, to remain available until expended and to become avail-able on October 1, 2018: Provided, That not to exceed $17,882,000 of the amount made available for fiscal year 2019 under this heading shall be reimbursed to ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’, and ‘‘Infor-mation Technology Systems’’ for necessary ex-penses in implementing the provisions of chap-ters 51, 53, and 55 of title 38, United States Code, the funding source for which is specifically pro-vided as the ‘‘Compensation and Pensions’’ ap-propriation: Provided further, That such sums as may be earned on an actual qualifying pa-tient basis, shall be reimbursed to ‘‘Medical Care Collections Fund’’ to augment the funding of individual medical facilities for nursing home care provided to pensioners as authorized. READJUSTMENT BENEFITS  For the payment of readjustment and rehabili-tation benefits to or on behalf of veterans as au-thorized by chapters 21, 30, 31, 33, 34, 35, 36, 39, 41, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code, $11,832,175,000, to remain available until expended and to become available on October 1, 2018: Provided, That expenses for rehabilitation program services and assistance which the Sec-retary is authorized to provide under subsection (a) of section 3104 of title 38, United States Code, other than under paragraphs (1), (2), (5), and (11) of that subsection, shall be charged to this account. 
VETERANS INSURANCE AND INDEMNITIES  For military and naval insurance, national service life insurance, servicemen’s indemnities, service-disabled veterans insurance, and vet-erans mortgage life insurance as authorized by chapters 19 and 21, title 38, United States Code, $121,529,000, which shall be in addition to re-main available until expended, which shall be in addition to funds previously appropriated under this heading that became available on October 1, 2017, of which $109,090,000 shall become avail-able on October 1, 2018. 
VETERANS HOUSING BENEFIT PROGRAM FUND  For the cost of direct and guaranteed loans, such sums as may be necessary to carry out the program, as authorized by subchapters I through III of chapter 37 of title 38, United States Code: Provided, That such costs, includ-ing the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That, dur-ing fiscal year 2018, within the resources avail-able, not to exceed $500,000 in gross obligations for direct loans are authorized for specially adapted housing loans. In addition, for administrative expenses to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan pro-grams, $178,626,000. 
VOCATIONAL REHABILITATION LOANS PROGRAM  
ACCOUNT  For the cost of direct loans, $30,000, as au-thorized by chapter 31 of title 38, United States Code: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading are available to subsidize gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans not to exceed $2,356,000. In addition, for administrative expenses nec-essary to carry out the direct loan program, $395,000, which may be paid to the appropria-tion for ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.027 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6396 July 26, 2017 
NATIVE AMERICAN VETERAN HOUSING LOAN  
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For administrative expenses to carry out the direct loan program authorized by subchapter V of chapter 37 of title 38, United States Code, $1,163,000. 
GENERAL OPERATING EXPENSES , VETERANS  
BENEFITS ADMINISTRATION  For necessary operating expenses of the Vet-erans Benefits Administration, not otherwise provided for, including hire of passenger motor vehicles, reimbursement of the General Services Administration for security guard services, and reimbursement of the Department of Defense for the cost of overseas employee mail, $2,894,000,000: Provided, That expenses for serv-ices and assistance authorized under para-graphs (1), (2), (5), and (11) of section 3104(a) of title 38, United States Code, that the Secretary of Veterans Affairs determines are necessary to enable entitled veterans: (1) to the maximum ex-tent feasible, to become employable and to ob-tain and maintain suitable employment; or (2) to achieve maximum independence in daily living, shall be charged to this account: Provided fur-ther, That, of the funds made available under this heading, not to exceed 5 percent shall re-main available until September 30, 2019. V
ETERANS HEALTH ADMINISTRATION  
MEDICAL SERVICES  For necessary expenses for furnishing, as au-thorized by law, inpatient and outpatient care and treatment to beneficiaries of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs and veterans described in section 1705(a) of title 38, United States Code, including care and treatment in facilities not under the jurisdiction of the Department, and including medical supplies and equipment, bio-engineering services, food services, and salaries and expenses of healthcare employees hired under title 38, United States Code, aid to State homes as authorized by section 1741 of title 38, United States Code, assistance and support serv-ices for caregivers as authorized by section 1720G of title 38, United States Code, loan re-payments authorized by section 604 of the Care-givers and Veterans Omnibus Health Services Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–163; 124 Stat. 1174; 38 U.S.C. 7681 note), and hospital care and med-ical services authorized by section 1787 of title 38, United States Code; $1,031,808,000, which shall be in addition to funds previously appro-priated under this heading that became avail-able on October 1, 2017; and, in addition, $49,161,165,000, plus reimbursements, shall be-come available on October 1, 2018, and shall re-main available until September 30, 2019: Pro-vided, That, of the amount made available on October 1, 2018, under this heading, $1,400,000,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020: Provided further, That, not-withstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall establish a priority for the provision of medical treatment for veterans who have service-connected disabil-ities, lower income, or have special needs: Pro-vided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs shall give priority funding for the provi-sion of basic medical benefits to veterans in en-rollment priority groups 1 through 6: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs may authorize the dispensing of prescription drugs from Veterans Health Administration fa-cilities to enrolled veterans with privately writ-ten prescriptions based on requirements estab-lished by the Secretary: Provided further, That the implementation of the program described in the previous proviso shall incur no additional cost to the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
MEDICAL COMMUNITY CARE  For necessary expenses for furnishing health care to individuals pursuant to chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, at non-Department facilities, $254,000,000, which shall be in addi-tion to funds previously appropriated under this heading that became available on October 1, 2017; and, in addition, $8,384,704,000, plus reim-bursements, shall become available on October 1, 2018, and shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That of the amount made available on October 1, 2018, under this heading, $2,000,000,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2022. MEDICAL SUPPORT AND COMPLIANCE  For necessary expenses in the administration of the medical, hospital, nursing home, domi-ciliary, construction, supply, and research ac-tivities, as authorized by law; administrative ex-penses in support of capital policy activities; and administrative and legal expenses of the Department for collecting and recovering amounts owed the Department as authorized under chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, and the Federal Medical Care Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. 2651 et seq.), $284,397,000, which shall be in addition to funds previously appropriated under this heading that became available on October 1, 2017; and, in addition, $7,239,156,000, plus reimbursements, shall become available on October 1, 2018, and shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That, of the amount made available on October 1, 2018, under this heading, $100,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020. 
MEDICAL FACILITIES  For necessary expenses for the maintenance and operation of hospitals, nursing homes, domiciliary facilities, and other necessary facili-ties of the Veterans Health Administration; for administrative expenses in support of planning, design, project management, real property ac-quisition and disposition, construction, and ren-ovation of any facility under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department; for oversight, en-gineering, and architectural activities not charged to project costs; for repairing, altering, improving, or providing facilities in the several hospitals and homes under the jurisdiction of the Department, not otherwise provided for, ei-ther by contract or by the hire of temporary em-ployees and purchase of materials; for leases of facilities; and for laundry services; $1,079,795,000, which shall be in addition to funds previously appropriated under this head-ing that became available on October 1, 2017; and, in addition, $5,914,288,000, plus reimburse-ments, shall become available on October 1, 2018, and shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That, of the amount made avail-able on October 1, 2018, under this heading, $250,000,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020. 
MEDICAL AND PROSTHETIC RESEARCH  For necessary expenses in carrying out pro-grams of medical and prosthetic research and development as authorized by chapter 73 of title 38, United States Code, $698,228,000, plus reim-bursements, shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019. N
ATIONAL CEMETERY ADMINISTRATION  For necessary expenses of the National Ceme-tery Administration for operations and mainte-nance, not otherwise provided for, including uniforms or allowances therefor; cemeterial ex-penses as authorized by law; purchase of one passenger motor vehicle for use in cemeterial op-erations; hire of passenger motor vehicles; and repair, alteration or improvement of facilities under the jurisdiction of the National Cemetery Administration, $306,193,000, of which not to ex-ceed 10 percent shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019. D
EPARTMENTAL ADMINISTRATION  
GENERAL ADMINISTRATION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary operating expenses of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, not otherwise pro-vided for, including administrative expenses in support of Department-wide capital planning, management and policy activities, uniforms, or allowances therefor; not to exceed $25,000 for of-ficial reception and representation expenses; hire of passenger motor vehicles; and reimburse-ment of the General Services Administration for security guard services, $346,891,000, of which not to exceed 5 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That funds provided under this heading may be transferred to ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Ben-efits Administration’’. BOARD OF VETERANS APPEALS  For necessary operating expenses of the Board of Veterans Appeals, $156,096,000, of which not to exceed 10 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2019. 
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for information tech-nology systems and telecommunications support, including developmental information systems and operational information systems; for pay and associated costs; and for the capital asset acquisition of information technology systems, including management and related contractual costs of said acquisitions, including contractual costs associated with operations authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, $4,135,500,000, plus reimbursements: Provided, That $1,230,320,000 shall be for pay and associ-ated costs, of which not to exceed $36,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided further, That $2,486,650,000 shall be for operations and maintenance, of which not to ex-ceed $174,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided further, That $418,530,000 shall be for information technology systems development, modernization, and en-hancement, and shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided further, That amounts made available for information tech-nology systems development, modernization, and enhancement may not be obligated or expended until the Secretary of Veterans Affairs or the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Veterans Affairs submits to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a certification of the amounts, in parts or in full, to be obligated and expended for each develop-ment project: Provided further, That amounts made available for salaries and expenses, oper-ations and maintenance, and information tech-nology systems development, modernization, and enhancement may be transferred among the three subaccounts after the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs requests from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued: Provided further, That amounts made available for the ‘‘Information Technology Sys-tems’’ account for development, modernization, and enhancement may be transferred among projects or to newly defined projects: Provided further, That no project may be increased or de-creased by more than $1,000,000 of cost prior to submitting a request to the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress to make the transfer and an approval is issued, or absent a response, a period of 30 days has elapsed: Pro-vided further, That funds under this heading may be used by the Interagency Program Office through the Department of Veterans Affairs to define data standards, code sets, and value sets used to enable interoperability: Provided fur-ther, That, of the funds made available for in-formation technology systems development, modernization, and enhancement for the devel-opment of an electronic health record, not more than 25 percent may be obligated or expended until the Secretary of Veterans Affairs submits to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress: (1) a detailed explanation of the solicitation submitted to Cerner Corporation for develop-ment of an electronic health record for the De-partment of Veterans Affairs; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.027 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6397 July 26, 2017 
(2) an explanation of how the electronic health record would replicate the Military Health System (MHS) Genesis record developed by Cerner for the Department of Defense, as well as the enhanced capabilities the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs requires to achieve complete interoperability with the Department of Defense system and non-Department of Vet-erans Affairs providers who participate in the Department of Veterans Affairs healthcare sys-tem; (3) a strategic plan for development of the electronic health record system, an associated implementation plan including timelines and performance milestones, a master schedule and annual and life-cycle cost estimates; (4) information on plans to maintain current functionality and integration with Department of Defense records during the transition to MHS Genesis; and (5) Department of Veterans Affairs plans to manage the transition process to MHS Genesis, including possible pilot programs, training for users, and use of change management tools: Provided further, That the funds made available under this heading for information technology systems development, modernization, and en-hancement, shall be for the projects, and in the amounts, specified under this heading in the re-port accompanying this Act. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General, to include information tech-nology, in carrying out the provisions of the In-spector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), $160,106,000, of which not to exceed 10 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2019. 
CONSTRUCTION , MAJOR PROJECTS  For constructing, altering, extending, and im-proving any of the facilities, including parking projects, under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department of Veterans Affairs, or for any of the purposes set forth in sections 316, 2404, 2406 and chapter 81 of title 38, United States Code, not otherwise provided for, including planning, architectural and engineering serv-ices, construction management services, mainte-nance or guarantee period services costs associ-ated with equipment guarantees provided under the project, services of claims analysts, offsite utility and storm drainage system construction costs, and site acquisition, where the estimated cost of a project is more than the amount set forth in section 8104(a)(3)(A) of title 38, United States Code, or where funds for a project were made available in a previous major project ap-propriation, $410,530,000, of which $372,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2022, and of which $38,530,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided, That except for ad-vance planning activities, including needs as-sessments which may or may not lead to capital investments, and other capital asset manage-ment related activities, including portfolio devel-opment and management activities, and invest-ment strategy studies funded through the ad-vance planning fund and the planning and de-sign activities funded through the design fund, including needs assessments which may or may not lead to capital investments, and salaries and associated costs of the resident engineers who oversee those capital investments funded through this account and contracting officers who manage specific major construction projects, and funds provided for the purchase, security, and maintenance of land for the Na-tional Cemetery Administration through the land acquisition line item, none of the funds made available under this heading shall be used for any project that has not been notified to Congress through the budgetary process or that has not been approved by the Congress through statute, joint resolution, or in the explanatory statement accompanying such Act and pre-sented to the President at the time of enroll-ment: Provided further, That funds made avail-able under this heading for fiscal year 2018, for each approved project shall be obligated: (1) by the awarding of a construction documents con-tract by September 30, 2018; and (2) by the awarding of a construction contract by Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided further, That the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs shall promptly submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a written report on any ap-proved major construction project for which ob-ligations are not incurred within the time limi-tations established above: Provided further, That, of the amount made available under this heading, $117,300,000 for Veterans Health Ad-ministration major construction projects shall not be available until the Department of Vet-erans Affairs— (1) enters into an agreement with an appro-priate non-Department of Veterans Affairs Fed-eral entity to serve as the design and/or con-struction agent for any Veterans Health Admin-istration major construction project with a Total Estimated Cost of $100,000,000 or above by pro-viding full project management services, includ-ing management of the project design, acquisi-tion, construction, and contract changes, con-sistent with section 502 of Public Law 114–58; and (2) certifies in writing that such an agreement is executed and intended to minimize or prevent subsequent major construction project cost over-runs and provides a copy of the agreement en-tered into and any required supplementary in-formation to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. CONSTRUCTION , MINOR PROJECTS  For constructing, altering, extending, and im-proving any of the facilities, including parking projects, under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department of Veterans Affairs, including planning and assessments of needs which may lead to capital investments, architectural and engineering services, maintenance or guarantee period services costs associated with equipment guarantees provided under the project, services of claims analysts, offsite utility and storm drainage system construction costs, and site ac-quisition, or for any of the purposes set forth in sections 316, 2404, 2406 and chapter 81 of title 38, United States Code, not otherwise provided for, where the estimated cost of a project is equal to or less than the amount set forth in section 8104(a)(3)(A) of title 38, United States Code, $342,570,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022, along with unobligated balances of pre-vious ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’ appro-priations which are hereby made available for any project where the estimated cost is equal to or less than the amount set forth in such sec-tion: Provided, That funds made available under this heading shall be for: (1) repairs to any of the nonmedical facilities under the juris-diction or for the use of the Department which are necessary because of loss or damage caused by any natural disaster or catastrophe; and (2) temporary measures necessary to prevent or to minimize further loss by such causes. 
GRANTS FOR CONSTRUCTION OF STATE EXTENDED  
CARE FACILITIES  For grants to assist States to acquire or con-struct State nursing home and domiciliary fa-cilities and to remodel, modify, or alter existing hospital, nursing home, and domiciliary facili-ties in State homes, for furnishing care to vet-erans as authorized by sections 8131 through 8137 of title 38, United States Code, $90,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
GRANTS FOR CONSTRUCTION OF VETERANS  
CEMETERIES  For grants to assist States and tribal organi-zations in establishing, expanding, or improving veterans cemeteries as authorized by section 2408 of title 38, United States Code, $45,000,000, to remain available until expended. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 201. Any appropriation for fiscal year 2018 for ‘‘Compensation and Pensions’’, ‘‘Read-justment Benefits’’, and ‘‘Veterans Insurance and Indemnities’’ may be transferred as nec-essary to any other of the mentioned appropria-tions: Provided, That, before a transfer may take place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and such Committees issue an approval, or absent a response, a period of 30 days has elapsed. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 202. Amounts made available for the De-partment of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2018, in this or any other Act, under the ‘‘Med-ical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, and ‘‘Med-ical Facilities’’ accounts may be transferred among the accounts: Provided, That any trans-fers among the ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, and ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’ accounts of 1 percent or less of the total amount appropriated to the account in this or any other Act may take place subject to noti-fication from the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the amount and purpose of the transfer: Provided further, That any transfers among the ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Med-ical Community Care’’, and ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’ accounts in excess of 1 per-cent, or exceeding the cumulative 1 percent for the fiscal year, may take place only after the Secretary requests from the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress the au-thority to make the transfer and an approval is issued: Provided further, That any transfers to or from the ‘‘Medical Facilities’’ account may take place only after the Secretary requests from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued. S
EC. 203. Appropriations available in this title for salaries and expenses shall be available for services authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code; hire of passenger motor ve-hicles; lease of a facility or land or both; and uniforms or allowances therefore, as authorized by sections 5901 through 5902 of title 5, United States Code. S
EC. 204. No appropriations in this title (ex-cept the appropriations for ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’, and ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’) shall be available for the purchase of any site for or toward the construction of any new hospital or home. S
EC. 205. No appropriations in this title shall be available for hospitalization or examination of any persons (except beneficiaries entitled to such hospitalization or examination under the laws providing such benefits to veterans, and persons receiving such treatment under sections 7901 through 7904 of title 5, United States Code, or the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.)), unless reimbursement of the cost of such hospitalization or examination is made to the ‘‘Medical Services’’ account at such rates as may be fixed by the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs. S
EC. 206. Appropriations available in this title for ‘‘Compensation and Pensions’’, ‘‘Readjust-ment Benefits’’, and ‘‘Veterans Insurance and Indemnities’’ shall be available for payment of prior year accrued obligations required to be re-corded by law against the corresponding prior year accounts within the last quarter of fiscal year 2017. S
EC. 207. Appropriations available in this title shall be available to pay prior year obligations of corresponding prior year appropriations ac-counts resulting from sections 3328(a), 3334, and 3712(a) of title 31, United States Code, except that if such obligations are from trust fund ac-counts they shall be payable only from ‘‘Com-pensation and Pensions’’. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 208. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, during fiscal year 2018, the Secretary of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.027 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6398 July 26, 2017 
Veterans Affairs shall, from the National Serv-ice Life Insurance Fund under section 1920 of title 38, United States Code, the Veterans’ Spe-cial Life Insurance Fund under section 1923 of title 38, United States Code, and the United States Government Life Insurance Fund under section 1955 of title 38, United States Code, reim-burse the ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Vet-erans Benefits Administration’’ and ‘‘Informa-tion Technology Systems’’ accounts for the cost of administration of the insurance programs fi-nanced through those accounts: Provided, That reimbursement shall be made only from the sur-plus earnings accumulated in such an insurance program during fiscal year 2018 that are avail-able for dividends in that program after claims have been paid and actuarially determined re-serves have been set aside: Provided further, That if the cost of administration of such an in-surance program exceeds the amount of surplus earnings accumulated in that program, reim-bursement shall be made only to the extent of such surplus earnings: Provided further, That the Secretary shall determine the cost of admin-istration for fiscal year 2018 which is properly allocable to the provision of each such insur-ance program and to the provision of any total disability income insurance included in that in-surance program. S
EC. 209. Amounts deducted from enhanced- use lease proceeds to reimburse an account for expenses incurred by that account during a prior fiscal year for providing enhanced-use lease services, may be obligated during the fiscal year in which the proceeds are received. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 210. Funds available in this title or funds for salaries and other administrative expenses shall also be available to reimburse the Office of Resolution Management, the Office of Employ-ment Discrimination Complaint Adjudication, the Office of Accountability Review, the Central Whistleblower Office, the Office of Diversity and Inclusion, and the Office of the Executive Director of Accountability and Whistleblower Protection, for all services provided at rates which will recover actual costs but not to exceed $47,668,000 for the Office of Resolution Manage-ment, $3,932,000 for the Office of Employment Discrimination Complaint Adjudication, $10,057,000 for the Office of Accountability Re-view, $6,646,000 for the Central Whistleblower Office, $2,973,000 for the Office of Diversity and Inclusion, and $917,000 for the Office of the Ex-ecutive Director of Accountability and Whistle-blower Protection: Provided, That payments may be made in advance for services to be fur-nished based on estimated costs: Provided fur-ther, That amounts received shall be credited to the ‘‘General Administration’’ and ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ accounts for use by the of-fice that provided the service. S
EC. 211. No funds of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs shall be available for hospital care, nursing home care, or medical services pro-vided to any person under chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, for a non-service-connected disability described in section 1729(a)(2) of such title, unless that person has disclosed to the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs, in such form as the Secretary may require, current, accurate third- party reimbursement information for purposes of section 1729 of such title: Provided, That the Secretary may recover, in the same manner as any other debt due the United States, the rea-sonable charges for such care or services from any person who does not make such disclosure as required: Provided further, That any amounts so recovered for care or services pro-vided in a prior fiscal year may be obligated by the Secretary during the fiscal year in which amounts are received. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 212. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, proceeds or revenues derived from en-hanced-use leasing activities (including dis-posal) may be deposited into the ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ and ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’ accounts and be used for construction (including site acquisition and disposition), al-terations, and improvements of any medical fa-cility under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department of Veterans Affairs. Such sums as realized are in addition to the amount provided for in ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ and ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’. SEC. 213. Amounts made available under ‘‘Medical Services’’ are available— (1) for furnishing recreational facilities, sup-plies, and equipment; and (2) for funeral expenses, burial expenses, and other expenses incidental to funerals and bur-ials for beneficiaries receiving care in the De-partment. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 214. Such sums as may be deposited to the Medical Care Collections Fund pursuant to section 1729A of title 38, United States Code, may be transferred to the ‘‘Medical Services’’ and ‘‘Medical Community Care’’ accounts to re-main available until expended for the purposes of these accounts. S
EC. 215. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may enter into agreements with Federally Qualified Health Centers in the State of Alaska and Indian tribes and tribal organizations which are party to the Alaska Native Health Compact with the Indian Health Service, to pro-vide healthcare, including behavioral health and dental care, to veterans in rural Alaska. The Secretary shall require participating vet-erans and facilities to comply with all appro-priate rules and regulations, as established by the Secretary. The term ‘‘rural Alaska’’ shall mean those lands which are not within the boundaries of the municipality of Anchorage or the Fairbanks North Star Borough. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 216. Such sums as may be deposited to the Department of Veterans Affairs Capital Asset Fund pursuant to section 8118 of title 38, United States Code, may be transferred to the ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ and ‘‘Construc-tion, Minor Projects’’ accounts, to remain avail-able until expended for the purposes of these ac-counts. S
EC. 217. Not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal quarter, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress a report on the financial status of the Department of Veterans Affairs for the preceding quarter: Pro-vided, That, at a minimum, the report shall in-clude the direction contained in the paragraph entitled ‘‘Quarterly reporting’’, under the head-ing ‘‘General Administration’’ in the joint ex-planatory statement accompanying Public Law 114–223. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 218. Amounts made available under the ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, ‘‘General Operating Ex-penses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’, ‘‘Board of Veterans Appeals’’, ‘‘General Admin-istration’’, and ‘‘National Cemetery Administra-tion’’ accounts for fiscal year 2018 may be trans-ferred to or from the ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ account: Provided, That such trans-fers may not result in a more than 10 percent aggregate increase in the total amount made available by this Act for the ‘‘Information Tech-nology Systems’’ account: Provided further, That, before a transfer may take place, the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 219. Of the amounts appropriated to the Department of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2018 for ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Commu-nity Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compli-ance’’, ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’, and ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’, up to $297,137,000, plus reimburse-ments, may be transferred to the Joint Depart-ment of Defense-Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund, estab-lished by section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 3571) and may be used for operation of the facilities designated as com-bined Federal medical facilities as described by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500): Provided, That additional funds may be transferred from accounts designated in this section to the Joint Department of Defense-Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund upon written notification by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress: Provided further, That section 222 of title II of division A of Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017 ( Public Law 114–223) is repealed. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 220. Of the amounts appropriated to the Department of Veterans Affairs which become available on October 1, 2018, for ‘‘Medical Serv-ices’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, and ‘‘Medical Facili-ties’’, up to $306,378,000, plus reimbursements, may be transferred to the Joint Department of Defense-Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund, established by section 1704 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 3571) and may be used for operation of the facilities designated as combined Federal medical facilities as described by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500): Provided, That addi-tional funds may be transferred from accounts designated in this section to the Joint Depart-ment of Defense-Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund upon written notification by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 221. Such sums as may be deposited to the Medical Care Collections Fund pursuant to section 1729A of title 38, United States Code, for healthcare provided at facilities designated as combined Federal medical facilities as described by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500) shall also be available: (1) for transfer to the Joint Depart-ment of Defense-Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund, estab-lished by section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 3571); and (2) for oper-ations of the facilities designated as combined Federal medical facilities as described by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500). 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 222. Of the amounts available in this title for ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, and ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, a minimum of $15,000,000 shall be transferred to the DOD–VA Health Care Sharing Incentive Fund, as authorized by sec-tion 8111(d) of title 38, United States Code, to re-main available until expended, for any purpose authorized by section 8111 of title 38, United States Code. S
EC. 223. None of the funds available to the Department of Veterans Affairs, in this or any other Act, may be used to replace the current system by which the Veterans Integrated Service Networks select and contract for diabetes moni-toring supplies and equipment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.027 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6399 July 26, 2017 
SEC. 224. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of all bid savings in a major construction project that total at least $5,000,000, or 5 percent of the programmed amount of the project, whichever is less: Pro-vided, That such notification shall occur within 14 days of a contract identifying the pro-grammed amount: Provided further, That the Secretary shall notify the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress 14 days prior to the obligation of such bid savings and shall describe the anticipated use of such sav-ings. S
EC. 225. None of the funds made available for ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ may be used for a project in excess of the scope specified for that project in the original justification data pro-vided to the Congress as part of the request for appropriations unless the Secretary of Veterans Affairs receives approval from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. S
EC. 226. Not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal quarter, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress a quar-terly report containing performance measures and data from each Veterans Benefits Adminis-tration Regional Office: Provided, That, at a minimum, the report shall include the direction contained in the section entitled ‘‘Disability claims backlog’’, under the heading ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Adminis-tration’’ in the joint explanatory statement ac-companying Public Law 114–223: Provided fur-ther, That the report shall also include informa-tion on the number of appeals pending at the Veterans Benefits Administration as well as the Board of Veterans Appeals on a quarterly basis. S
EC. 227. Of the amounts made available for fiscal year 2018 for the ‘‘Medical Services’’ and ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’ accounts, not more than $226,012,000 shall be available to develop an electronic health record: Provided, That not more than 25 percent of the amount made available for such purpose may be obli-gated or expended until the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs submits to the Committees on Ap-propriations of both House of Congress a de-tailed explanation of the activities to develop the Military Health System Genesis electronic health record to be funded by the Veterans Health Administration rather than the Office of Information Technology, a timeline for comple-tion, master schedule, performance milestones, and annual and life-cycle Veterans Health Ad-ministration cost estimates. S
EC. 228. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall provide written notification to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress 15 days prior to organizational changes which result in the transfer of 25 or more full- time equivalents from one organizational unit of the Department of Veterans Affairs to another. S
EC. 229. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall provide on a quarterly basis to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress notification of any single national out-reach and awareness marketing campaign in which obligations exceed $2,000,000. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 230. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs, upon determination that such action is nec-essary to address needs of the Veterans Health Administration, may transfer to the ‘‘Medical Services’’ account any discretionary appropria-tions made available for fiscal year 2018 in this title (except appropriations made to the ‘‘Gen-eral Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Ad-ministration’’ account) or any discretionary un-obligated balances within the Department of Veterans Affairs, including those appropriated for fiscal year 2018, that were provided in ad-vance by appropriations Acts: Provided, That transfers shall be made only with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget: Pro-vided further, That the transfer authority pro-vided in this section is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law: Provided further, That no amounts may be transferred from amounts that were designated by Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a con-current resolution on the budget or the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That such author-ity to transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on emergent healthcare re-quirements, than those for which originally ap-propriated and in no case where the item for which funds are requested has been denied by Congress: Provided further, That, upon deter-mination that all or part of the funds trans-ferred from an appropriation are not necessary, such amounts may be transferred back to that appropriation and shall be available for the same purposes as originally appropriated: Pro-vided further, That before a transfer may take place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall re-quest from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and receive approval of that re-quest. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 231. Amounts made available for the De-partment of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2018, under the ‘‘Board of Veterans Appeals’’ and the ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’ accounts may be transferred between such accounts: Provided, That before a transfer may take place, the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and receive approval of that request. S
EC. 232. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may not reprogram funds among major con-struction projects or programs if such instance of reprogramming will exceed $5,000,000, unless such reprogramming is approved by the Commit-tees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress. 
(RESCISSIONS OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 233. Of the discretionary funds made available in Public Law 114–223 for the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2018, $313,730,000 are rescinded from ‘‘Medical Serv-ices’’, $63,282,000 are rescinded from ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, and $22,960,000 are rescinded from ‘‘Medical Facilities’’. S
EC. 234. The amounts otherwise made avail-able by this Act for the following accounts of the Department of Veterans Affairs are hereby reduced by the following amounts: (1) ‘‘Veterans Health Administration—Medical and Prosthetic Research’’, $6,823,000. (2) ‘‘National Cemetery Administration’’, $3,003,000. (3) ‘‘Departmental Administration—General Administration’’, $3,600,000. (4) ‘‘Departmental Administration—Board of Veterans Appeals’’, $1,579,000. (5) ‘‘Departmental Administration—General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Adminis-tration’’, $35,470,000. (6) ‘‘Departmental Administration—Informa-tion Technology Systems’’, $18,997,000. (7)‘‘Departmental Administration—Office of Inspector General’’, $1,716,000. S
EC. 235. (a) The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall ensure that the toll-free suicide hotline under section 1720F(h) of title 38, United States Code— (1) provides to individuals who contact the hotline immediate assistance from a trained pro-fessional; and (2) adheres to all requirements of the Amer-ican Association of Suicidology. (b)(1) None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to enforce or otherwise carry out any Executive action that prohibits the Secretary of Veterans Affairs from appoint-ing an individual to occupy a vacant civil serv-ice position, or establishing a new civil service position, at the Department of Veterans Affairs with respect to such a position relating to the hotline specified in subsection (a). (2) In this subsection— (A) the term ‘‘civil service’’ has the meaning given such term in section 2101(1) of title 5, United States Code; and (B) the term ‘‘Executive action’’ includes— (i) any Executive order, presidential memo-randum, or other action by the President; and (ii) any agency policy, order, or other direc-tive. SEC. 236. None of the funds in this or any other Act may be used to close Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) hospitals, domiciliaries, or clinics, conduct an environmental assessment, or to diminish healthcare services at existing Veterans Health Administration medical facili-ties located in Veterans Integrated Service Net-work 8 or 23 as part of a planned realignment of VA services until the Secretary provides to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a report including the following ele-ments: (1) a national realignment strategy that in-cludes a detailed description of realignment plans within each Veterans Integrated Services Network (VISN), including an updated Long Range Capital Plan to implement realignment requirements; (2) an explanation of the process by which those plans were developed and coordinated within each VISN; (3) a cost versus benefit analysis of each planned realignment, including the cost of re-placing Veterans Health Administration services with contract care or other outsourced services; (4) an analysis of how any such planned re-alignment of services will impact access to care for veterans living in rural or highly rural areas, including travel distances and transpor-tation costs to access a VA medical facility and availability of local specialty and primary care; (5) an inventory of VA buildings with historic designation and the methodology used to deter-mine the buildings’ condition and utilization; (6) a description of how any realignment will be consistent with requirements under the Na-tional Historic Preservation Act; and (7) consideration given for reuse of historic buildings within newly identified realignment requirements: Provided, That, this provision shall not apply to capital projects in VISN 23, or any other VISN, which have been authorized or approved by Congress. S
EC. 237. Section 8109(b) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (3), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) notwithstanding subsection (a) of section 1344 of title 31, may use a passenger carrier (as such term is defined in subsection (h)(1) of such section) to transport such an employee between a parking facility and the medical facility of the Department at which the employee works.’’. S
EC. 238. None of the funds made available to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs by this or any other Act may be obligated or expended in con-travention of the ‘‘Veterans Health Administra-tion Clinical Preventive Services Guidance Statement on the Veterans Health Administra-tion’s Screening for Breast Cancer Guidance’’ published on May 10, 2017, as issued by the Vet-erans Health Administration National Center for Health Promotion and Disease Prevention. S
EC. 239. (a) Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, the amounts appropriated or other-wise made available to the Department of Vet-erans Affairs for the ‘‘Medical Services’’ ac-count may be used to provide— (1) fertility counseling and treatment using assisted reproductive technology to a covered veteran or the spouse of a covered veteran; or (2) adoption reimbursement to a covered vet-eran. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.027 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6400 July 26, 2017 
(b) In this section: (1) The term ‘‘service-connected’’ has the meaning given such term in section 101 of title 38, United States Code. (2) The term ‘‘covered veteran’’ means a vet-eran, as such term is defined in section 101 of title 38, United States Code, who has a service- connected disability that results in the inability of the veteran to procreate without the use of fertility treatment. (3) The term ‘‘assisted reproductive tech-nology’’ means benefits relating to reproductive assistance provided to a member of the Armed Forces who incurs a serious injury or illness on active duty pursuant to section 1074(c)(4)(A) of title 10, United States Code, as described in the memorandum on the subject of ‘‘Policy for As-sisted Reproductive Services for the Benefit of Seriously or Severely Ill/Injured (Category II or III) Active Duty Service Members’’ issued by the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Af-fairs on April 3, 2012, and the guidance issued to implement such policy, including any limita-tions on the amount of such benefits available to such a member except that — (A) the time periods regarding embryo cryopreservation and storage set forth in part III(G) and in part IV(H) of such memorandum shall not apply; and (B) such term includes embryo cryopreservation and storage without limitation on the duration of such cryopreservation and storage. (4) The term ‘‘adoption reimbursement’’ means reimbursement for the adoption-related expenses for an adoption that is finalized after the date of the enactment of this Act under the same terms as apply under the adoption reimburse-ment program of the Department of Defense, as authorized in Department of Defense Instruc-tion 1341.09, including the reimbursement limits and requirements set forth in such instruction. (c) Amounts made available for the purposes specified in subsection (a) of this section are subject to the requirements for funds contained in section 508 of division H of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31). TITLE III RELATED AGENCIES A
MERICAN BATTLE MONUMENTS COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, of the American Battle Monuments Commission, including the acquisition of land or interest in land in foreign countries; purchases and repair of uniforms for caretakers of na-tional cemeteries and monuments outside of the United States and its territories and possessions; rent of office and garage space in foreign coun-tries; purchase (one-for-one replacement basis only) and hire of passenger motor vehicles; not to exceed $7,500 for official reception and rep-resentation expenses; and insurance of official motor vehicles in foreign countries, when re-quired by law of such countries, $75,100,000, to remain available until expended. 
FOREIGN CURRENCY FLUCTUATIONS ACCOUNT  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, of the American Battle Monuments Commission, such sums as may be necessary, to remain available until expended, for purposes authorized by section 2109 of title 36, United States Code. U
NITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR  V
ETERANS CLAIMS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for the operation of the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims as authorized by sections 7251 through 7298 of title 38, United States Code, $33,600,000: Provided, That of the amount, $800,000 shall be transferred to the General Services Administra-tion for planning and design of a courthouse: Provided further, That $2,580,000 shall be avail-able for the purpose of providing financial as-sistance as described and in accordance with the process and reporting procedures set forth under this heading in Public Law 102–229. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE —CIVIL C
EMETERIAL EXPENSES , ARMY 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for maintenance, oper-ation, and improvement of Arlington National Cemetery and Soldiers’ and Airmen’s Home Na-tional Cemetery, including the purchase or lease of passenger motor vehicles for replacement on a one-for-one basis only, and not to exceed $1,000 for official reception and representation ex-penses, $78,800,000, of which not to exceed $15,000,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020. In addition, such sums as may be necessary for parking maintenance, repairs and replacement, to be derived from the ‘‘Lease of Department of Defense Real Property for De-fense Agencies’’ account. A
RMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME 
TRUST FUND  For expenses necessary for the Armed Forces Retirement Home to operate and maintain the Armed Forces Retirement Home—Washington, District of Columbia, and the Armed Forces Re-tirement Home—Gulfport, Mississippi, to be paid from funds available in the Armed Forces Re-tirement Home Trust Fund, $64,300,000, of which $1,000,000 shall remain available until expended for construction and renovation of the physical plants at the Armed Forces Retirement Home— Washington, District of Columbia, and the Armed Forces Retirement Home—Gulfport, Mis-sissippi: Provided, That of the amounts made available under this heading from funds avail-able in the Armed Forces Retirement Home Trust Fund, $22,000,000 shall be paid from the general fund of the Treasury to the Trust Fund. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  S
EC. 301. Funds appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Department of Defense— Civil, Cemeterial Expenses, Army’’, may be pro-vided to Arlington County, Virginia, for the re-location of the federally owned water main at Arlington National Cemetery, making additional land available for ground burials. S
EC. 302. Amounts deposited into the special account established under 10 U.S.C. 4727 are ap-propriated and shall be available until expended to support activities at the Army National Mili-tary Cemeteries. TITLE IV OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Con-struction, Army’’, $147,158,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2022, for projects out-side of the United States: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Over-seas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , NAVY AND MARINE  C
ORPS For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Con-struction, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $31,890,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022, for projects outside of the United States: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Con-struction, Air Force’’ $434,652,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022, for projects outside of the United States: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , DEFENSE -WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Con-struction, Defense-Wide’’, $24,300,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022, for projects outside of the United States: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  S
EC. 401. Each amount designated in this Act by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to sec-tion 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall be available only if the President subsequently so designates all such amounts and transmits such designations to the Congress. TITLE V GENERAL PROVISIONS S
EC. 501. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this Act shall remain available for ob-ligation beyond the current fiscal year unless expressly so provided herein. S
EC. 502. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for any program, project, or activity, when it is made known to the Fed-eral entity or official to which the funds are made available that the program, project, or ac-tivity is not in compliance with any Federal law relating to risk assessment, the protection of pri-vate property rights, or unfunded mandates. S
EC. 503. All departments and agencies funded under this Act are encouraged, within the limits of the existing statutory authorities and fund-ing, to expand their use of ‘‘E–Commerce’’ tech-nologies and procedures in the conduct of their business practices and public service activities. S
EC. 504. Unless stated otherwise, all reports and notifications required by this Act shall be submitted to the Subcommittee on Military Con-struction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Sub-committee on Military Construction and Vet-erans Affairs, and Related Agencies of the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate. S
EC. 505. None of the funds made available in this Act may be transferred to any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this or any other appropriations Act. S
EC. 506. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for a project or program named for an individual serving as a Member, Delegate, or Resident Commissioner of the United States House of Representatives. S
EC. 507. (a) Any agency receiving funds made available in this Act, shall, subject to sub-sections (b) and (c), post on the public Web site of that agency any report required to be sub-mitted by the Congress in this or any other Act, upon the determination by the head of the agen-cy that it shall serve the national interest. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to a report if— (1) the public posting of the report com-promises national security; or (2) the report contains confidential or propri-etary information. (c) The head of the agency posting such re-port shall do so only after such report has been made available to the requesting Committee or Committees of Congress for no less than 45 days. S
EC. 508. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.027 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6401 July 26, 2017 
tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investiga-tions, prosecution, or adjudication activities. S
EC. 509. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by an agency of the execu-tive branch to pay for first-class travel by an employee of the agency in contravention of sec-tions 301–10.122 through 301–10.124 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations. S
EC. 510. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to execute a contract for goods or services, including construction serv-ices, where the contractor has not complied with Executive Order No. 12989. S
EC. 511. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Department of De-fense or the Department of Veterans Affairs to lease or purchase new light duty vehicles for any executive fleet, or for an agency’s fleet in-ventory, except in accordance with Presidential Memorandum—Federal Fleet Performance, dated May 24, 2011. S
EC. 512. (a) I NGENERAL .—None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Defense in this Act may be used to construct, renovate, or expand any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house any individual detained at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba, for the purposes of detention or imprisonment in the custody or under the control of the Depart-ment of Defense. (b) The prohibition in subsection (a) shall not apply to any modification of facilities at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. (c) An individual described in this subsection is any individual who, as of June 24, 2009, is lo-cated at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba, and who— (1) is not a citizen of the United States or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is— (A) in the custody or under the effective con-trol of the Department of Defense; or (B) otherwise under detention at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. 
REFERENCES TO ACT  S
EC. 513. Except as expressly provided other-wise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as referring only to the provisions of this division. 
REFERENCE TO REPORT  S
EC. 514. Any reference to a ‘‘report accom-panying this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as a reference to House Report 115–188. The effect of such Report shall be lim-ited to this division and shall apply for purposes of determining the allocation of funds provided by, and the implementation of, this division. 
SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT  S
EC. 515. $0. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018’’. DIVISION D—ENERGY AND WATER DEVEL-OPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES AP-PROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 The following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-priated, for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2018, and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I CORPS OF ENGINEERS—CIVIL DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY C
ORPS OF ENGINEERS —CIVIL The following appropriations shall be ex-pended under the direction of the Secretary of the Army and the supervision of the Chief of Engineers for authorized civil functions of the Department of the Army pertaining to river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related efforts. INVESTIGATIONS  For expenses necessary where authorized by law for the collection and study of basic infor-mation pertaining to river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related needs; for surveys and detailed studies, and plans and specifications of proposed river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, and aquatic ecosystem restora-tion projects, and related efforts prior to con-struction; for restudy of authorized projects; and for miscellaneous investigations, and, when authorized by law, surveys and detailed studies, and plans and specifications of projects prior to construction, $105,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary shall initiate six new study starts during fiscal year 2018: Provided further, That the new study starts shall consist of five studies where the ma-jority of the benefits are derived from navigation transportation savings or from flood and storm damage reduction and one study where the ma-jority of benefits are derived from environmental restoration: Provided further, That the Sec-retary shall not deviate from the new starts pro-posed in the work plan, once the plan has been submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
CONSTRUCTION  For expenses necessary for the construction of river and harbor, flood and storm damage re-duction, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem res-toration, and related projects authorized by law; for conducting detailed studies, and plans and specifications, of such projects (including those involving participation by States, local govern-ments, or private groups) authorized or made el-igible for selection by law (but such detailed studies, and plans and specifications, shall not constitute a commitment of the Government to construction); $1,697,000,000, to remain available until expended; of which such sums as are nec-essary to cover the Federal share of construction costs for facilities under the Dredged Material Disposal Facilities program shall be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund as authorized by Public Law 104–303; and of which such sums as are necessary to cover one-half of the costs of construction, replacement, rehabili-tation, and expansion of inland waterways projects shall be derived from the Inland Water-ways Trust Fund, except as otherwise specifi-cally provided for in law: Provided, That the Secretary may initiate up to, but not more than, two new construction starts during fiscal year 2018: Provided further, That the new construc-tion starts shall consist of two projects where the majority of the benefits are derived from navigation transportation savings, flood and storm damage reduction, or environmental res-toration: Provided further, That for new con-struction projects, project cost sharing agree-ments shall be executed as soon as practicable but no later than August 31, 2018: Provided fur-ther, That no allocation for a new start shall be considered final and no work allowance shall be made until the Secretary provides to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress an out-year funding scenario dem-onstrating the affordability of the selected new starts and the impacts on other projects: Pro-vided further, That the Secretary may not devi-ate from the new starts proposed in the work plan, once the plan has been submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
MISSISSIPPI RIVER AND TRIBUTARIES  For expenses necessary for flood damage re-duction projects and related efforts in the Mis-sissippi River alluvial valley below Cape Girardeau, Missouri, as authorized by law, $301,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which such sums as are necessary to cover the Federal share of eligible operation and maintenance costs for inland harbors shall be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE  For expenses necessary for the operation, maintenance, and care of existing river and har-bor, flood and storm damage reduction, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related projects au-thorized by law; providing security for infra-structure owned or operated by the Corps, in-cluding administrative buildings and labora-tories; maintaining harbor channels provided by a State, municipality, or other public agency that serve essential navigation needs of general commerce, where authorized by law; surveying and charting northern and northwestern lakes and connecting waters; clearing and straight-ening channels; and removing obstructions to navigation, $3,519,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which such sums as are nec-essary to cover the Federal share of eligible op-eration and maintenance costs for coastal har-bors and channels, and for inland harbors shall be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund; of which such sums as become available from the special account for the Corps of Engi-neers established by the Land and Water Con-servation Fund Act of 1965 shall be derived from that account for resource protection, research, interpretation, and maintenance activities re-lated to resource protection in the areas at which outdoor recreation is available; and of which such sums as become available from fees collected under section 217 of Public Law 104– 303 shall be used to cover the cost of operation and maintenance of the dredged material dis-posal facilities for which such fees have been collected: Provided, That 1 percent of the total amount of funds provided for each of the pro-grams, projects, or activities funded under this heading shall not be allocated to a field oper-ating activity prior to the beginning of the fourth quarter of the fiscal year and shall be available for use by the Chief of Engineers to fund such emergency activities as the Chief of Engineers determines to be necessary and appro-priate, and that the Chief of Engineers shall al-locate during the fourth quarter any remaining funds which have not been used for emergency activities proportionally in accordance with the amounts provided for the programs, projects, or activities. 
REGULATORY PROGRAM  For expenses necessary for administration of laws pertaining to regulation of navigable waters and wetlands, $200,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. 
FORMERLY UTILIZED SITES REMEDIAL ACTION  
PROGRAM  For expenses necessary to clean up contami-nation from sites in the United States resulting from work performed as part of the Nation’s early atomic energy program, $118,000,000, to re-main available until expended. 
FLOOD CONTROL AND COASTAL EMERGENCIES  For expenses necessary to prepare for flood, hurricane, and other natural disasters and sup-port emergency operations, repairs, and other activities in response to such disasters as au-thorized by law, $32,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the supervision and general administration of the civil works program in the headquarters of the Corps of En-gineers and the offices of the Division Engi-neers; and for costs of management and oper-ation of the Humphreys Engineer Center Sup-port Activity, the Institute for Water Resources, the United States Army Engineer Research and Development Center, and the United States Army Corps of Engineers Finance Center allo-cable to the civil works program, $181,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, of which not to exceed $5,000 may be used for offi-cial reception and representation purposes and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.027 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6402 July 26, 2017 
only during the current fiscal year: Provided, That no part of any other appropriation pro-vided in this title shall be available to fund the civil works activities of the Office of the Chief of Engineers or the civil works executive direction and management activities of the division of-fices: Provided further, That any Flood Control and Coastal Emergencies appropriation may be used to fund the supervision and general admin-istration of emergency operations, repairs, and other activities in response to any flood, hurri-cane, or other natural disaster. 
OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE  
ARMY FOR CIVIL WORKS  For the Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works as authorized by 10 U.S.C. 3016(b)(3), $4,764,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That not more than 75 percent of such amount may be ob-ligated or expended until the Assistant Sec-retary submits to the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress a work plan that allocates at least 95 percent of the addi-tional funding provided under each heading in this title (as designated under such heading in the report of the Committee on Appropriations accompanying this Act) to specific programs, projects, or activities. GENERAL PROVISIONS—CORPS OF ENGINEERS—CIVIL 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 101. (a) None of the funds provided in this title shall be available for obligation or ex-penditure through a reprogramming of funds that— (1) creates or initiates a new program, project, or activity; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activity; (3) increases funds or personnel for any pro-gram, project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by this Act; (4) reduces funds that are directed to be used for a specific program, project, or activity by this Act; (5) increases funds for any program, project, or activity by more than $2,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less; or (6) reduces funds for any program, project, or activity by more than $2,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less. (b) Subsection (a)(1) shall not apply to any project or activity authorized under section 205 of the Flood Control Act of 1948, section 14 of the Flood Control Act of 1946, section 208 of the Flood Control Act of 1954, section 107 of the River and Harbor Act of 1960, section 103 of the River and Harbor Act of 1962, section 111 of the River and Harbor Act of 1968, section 1135 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986, sec-tion 206 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1996, or section 204 of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 1992. (c) The Corps of Engineers shall submit re-ports on a quarterly basis to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress de-tailing all the funds reprogrammed between pro-grams, projects, activities, or categories of fund-ing. The first quarterly report shall be submitted not later than 60 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act. S
EC. 102. None of the funds made available in this title may be used to award or modify any contract that commits funds beyond the amounts appropriated for that program, project, or activity that remain unobligated, except that such amounts may include any funds that have been made available through reprogramming pursuant to section 101. S
EC. 103. The Secretary of the Army may transfer to the Fish and Wildlife Service, and the Fish and Wildlife Service may accept and expend, up to $5,400,000 of funds provided in this title under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance’’ to mitigate for fisheries lost due to Corps of Engineers projects. S
EC. 104. None of the funds in this Act shall be used for an open lake placement alternative for dredged material, after evaluating the least costly, environmentally acceptable manner for the disposal or management of dredged material originating from Lake Erie or tributaries there-to, unless it is approved under a State water quality certification pursuant to section 401 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1341); Provided further, That until an open lake placement alternative for dredged ma-terial is approved under a State water quality certification, the Corps of Engineers shall con-tinue upland placement of such dredged mate-rial consistent with the requirements of section 101 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2211). SEC. 105. None of the funds made available in this title may be used for any acquisition that is not consistent with 48 CFR 225.7007. S
EC. 106. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out any water supply reallocation study under the Wolf Creek Dam, Lake Cumberland, Kentucky, project au-thorized under the Act of July 24, 1946 (60 Stat. 636, ch. 595). S
EC. 107. Notwithstanding section 404(f)(2) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1344(f)(2)), none of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used to require a permit for the discharge of dredged or fill material under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) for the activities identi-fied in subparagraphs (A) and (C) of section 404(f)(1) of the Act (33 U.S.C. 1344(f)(1)(A), (C)). S
EC. 108. (a) A UTHORIZATION .—The Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency and the Secretary of the Army may withdraw the Waters of the United States rule without re-gard to any provision of statute or regulation that establishes a requirement for such with-drawal. (b) E
FFECT OF WITHDRAWAL .—Except as oth-erwise provided by any Act or rule that takes ef-fect after the date of enactment of this Act, if the Administrator of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency and the Secretary of the Army withdraw the Waters of the United States rule under subsection (a), the Administrator and Secretary shall implement the provisions of law under which such rule was issued in accordance with the regulations and guidance in effect under such provisions immediately before the ef-fective date of such rule. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section the term ‘‘Waters of the United States rule’’ means the final rule issued by the Administrator of the En-vironmental Protection Agency and the Sec-retary of the Army entitled ‘‘Clean Water Rule: Definition of ‘Waters of the United States’’’ on June 29, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 37053). S
EC. 109. As of the date of enactment of this Act and each fiscal year thereafter, the Sec-retary of the Army shall not promulgate or en-force any regulation that prohibits an indi-vidual from possessing a firearm, including an assembled or functional firearm, at a water re-sources development project covered under sec-tion 327.0 of title 36, Code of Federal Regula-tions (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act), if— (1) the individual is not otherwise prohibited by law from possessing the firearm; and (2) the possession of the firearm is in compli-ance with the law of the State in which the water resources development project is located. TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR C
ENTRAL UTAHPROJECT  
CENTRAL UTAH PROJECT COMPLETION ACCOUNT  For carrying out activities authorized by the Central Utah Project Completion Act, $8,983,000, to remain available until expended, of which $898,000 shall be deposited into the Utah Rec-lamation Mitigation and Conservation Account for use by the Utah Reclamation Mitigation and Conservation Commission: Provided, That of the amount provided under this heading, $1,450,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, for expenses necessary in carrying out related re-sponsibilities of the Secretary of the Interior: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2018, of the amount made available to the Commission under this Act or any other Act, the Commission may use an amount not to exceed $1,500,000 for administrative expenses. BUREAU OF RECLAMATION  The following appropriations shall be ex-pended to execute authorized functions of the Bureau of Reclamation: 
WATER AND RELATED RESOURCES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For management, development, and restora-tion of water and related natural resources and for related activities, including the operation, maintenance, and rehabilitation of reclamation and other facilities, participation in fulfilling related Federal responsibilities to Native Ameri-cans, and related grants to, and cooperative and other agreements with, State and local govern-ments, federally recognized Indian tribes, and others, $1,091,790,000, to remain available until expended, of which $67,693,000 shall be available for transfer to the Upper Colorado River Basin Fund and $5,551,000 shall be available for trans-fer to the Lower Colorado River Basin Develop-ment Fund; of which such amounts as may be necessary may be advanced to the Colorado River Dam Fund: Provided, That such transfers may be increased or decreased within the overall appropriation under this heading: Provided fur-ther, That of the total appropriated, the amount for program activities that can be financed by the Reclamation Fund or the Bureau of Rec-lamation special fee account established by 16 U.S.C. 6806 shall be derived from that Fund or account: Provided further, That funds contrib-uted under 43 U.S.C. 395 are available until ex-pended for the purposes for which the funds were contributed: Provided further, That funds advanced under 43 U.S.C. 397a shall be credited to this account and are available until expended for the same purposes as the sums appropriated under this heading: Provided further, That of the amounts provided herein, funds may be used for high-priority projects which shall be carried out by the Youth Conservation Corps, as au-thorized by 16 U.S.C. 1706. 
CENTRAL VALLEY PROJECT RESTORATION FUND  For carrying out the programs, projects, plans, habitat restoration, improvement, and ac-quisition provisions of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act, $41,376,000, to be de-rived from such sums as may be collected in the Central Valley Project Restoration Fund pursu-ant to sections 3407(d), 3404(c)(3), and 3405(f) of Public Law 102–575, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Bureau of Rec-lamation is directed to assess and collect the full amount of the additional mitigation and res-toration payments authorized by section 3407(d) of Public Law 102–575: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be used for the acquisition or leas-ing of water for in-stream purposes if the water is already committed to in-stream purposes by a court adopted decree or order. 
CALIFORNIA BAY -DELTA RESTORATION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For carrying out activities authorized by the Water Supply, Reliability, and Environmental Improvement Act, consistent with plans to be approved by the Secretary of the Interior, $37,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which such amounts as may be necessary to carry out such activities may be transferred to appropriate accounts of other participating Fed-eral agencies to carry out authorized purposes: Provided, That funds appropriated herein may be used for the Federal share of the costs of CALFED Program management: Provided fur-ther, That CALFED implementation shall be carried out in a balanced manner with clear 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.027 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6403 July 26, 2017 
performance measures demonstrating concurrent progress in achieving the goals and objectives of the Program. 
POLICY AND ADMINISTRATION  For expenses necessary for policy, administra-tion, and related functions in the Office of the Commissioner, the Denver office, and offices in the five regions of the Bureau of Reclamation, to remain available until September 30, 2019, $59,000,000, to be derived from the Reclamation Fund and be nonreimbursable as provided in 43 U.S.C. 377: Provided, That no part of any other appropriation in this Act shall be available for activities or functions budgeted as policy and administration expenses. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  Appropriations for the Bureau of Reclamation shall be available for purchase of not to exceed five passenger motor vehicles, which are for re-placement only. GENERAL PROVISIONS—DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR S
EC. 201. (a) None of the funds provided in this title shall be available for obligation or ex-penditure through a reprogramming of funds that— (1) creates or initiates a new program, project, or activity; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activity; (3) increases funds for any program, project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by this Act; (4) restarts or resumes any program, project or activity for which funds are not provided in this Act, unless prior approval is received from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress; (5) transfers funds in excess of the following limits— (A) 15 percent for any program, project or ac-tivity for which $2,000,000 or more is available at the beginning of the fiscal year; or (B) $400,000 for any program, project or activ-ity for which less than $2,000,000 is available at the beginning of the fiscal year; (6) transfers more than $500,000 from either the Facilities Operation, Maintenance, and Re-habilitation category or the Resources Manage-ment and Development category to any pro-gram, project, or activity in the other category; or (7) transfers, where necessary to discharge legal obligations of the Bureau of Reclamation, more than $5,000,000 to provide adequate funds for settled contractor claims, increased con-tractor earnings due to accelerated rates of op-erations, and real estate deficiency judgments. (b) Subsection (a)(5) shall not apply to any transfer of funds within the Facilities Oper-ation, Maintenance, and Rehabilitation cat-egory. (c) For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘transfer’’ means any movement of funds into or out of a program, project, or activity. (d) The Bureau of Reclamation shall submit reports on a quarterly basis to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress detailing all the funds reprogrammed between programs, projects, activities, or categories of funding. The first quarterly report shall be sub-mitted not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act. S
EC. 202. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to determine the final point of discharge for the interceptor drain for the San Luis Unit until development by the Secretary of the Inte-rior and the State of California of a plan, which shall conform to the water quality standards of the State of California as approved by the Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, to minimize any detrimental effect of the San Luis drainage waters. (b) The costs of the Kesterson Reservoir Cleanup Program and the costs of the San Joa-quin Valley Drainage Program shall be classi-fied by the Secretary of the Interior as reimburs-able or nonreimbursable and collected until fully repaid pursuant to the ‘‘Cleanup Pro-gram—Alternative Repayment Plan’’ and the ‘‘SJVDP—Alternative Repayment Plan’’ de-scribed in the report entitled ‘‘Repayment Re-port, Kesterson Reservoir Cleanup Program and San Joaquin Valley Drainage Program, Feb-ruary 1995’’, prepared by the Department of the Interior, Bureau of Reclamation. Any future ob-ligations of funds by the United States relating to, or providing for, drainage service or drain-age studies for the San Luis Unit shall be fully reimbursable by San Luis Unit beneficiaries of such service or studies pursuant to Federal rec-lamation law. SEC. 203. None of the funds in this Act shall be available to implement the Stipulation of Set-tlement (Natural Resources Defense Council, et al. v. Kirk Rodgers, et al., Eastern District of California, No. Civ. 9 S–88–1658 LKK/GGH) or subtitle A of title X of Public Law 111–11. TITLE III DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY ENERGY PROGRAMS E
NERGY EFFICIENCY AND RENEWABLE ENERGY  For Department of Energy expenses including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment, and other ex-penses necessary for energy efficiency and re-newable energy activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organi-zation Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real prop-erty or any facility or for plant or facility acqui-sition, construction, or expansion, $1,103,908,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That of such amount, $125,849,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, for program direction. E
LECTRICITY DELIVERY AND ENERGY  R
ELIABILITY  For Department of Energy expenses including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment, and other ex-penses necessary for electricity delivery and en-ergy reliability activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organi-zation Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real prop-erty or any facility or for plant or facility acqui-sition, construction, or expansion, $218,500,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $27,500,000 shall be avail-able until September 30, 2019, for program direc-tion. N
UCLEAR ENERGY  For Department of Energy expenses including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment, and other ex-penses necessary for nuclear energy activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expan-sion, $969,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That of such amount, $70,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, for program direction. F
OSSIL ENERGY RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  For Department of Energy expenses necessary in carrying out fossil energy research and devel-opment activities, under the authority of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition of interest, including defeasible and equitable in-terests in any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition or expansion, and for conducting inquiries, technological inves-tigations and research concerning the extrac-tion, processing, use, and disposal of mineral substances without objectionable social and en-vironmental costs (30 U.S.C. 3, 1602, and 1603), $634,600,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount $60,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, for pro-gram direction. NAVAL PETROLEUM AND OILSHALE RESERVES  For Department of Energy expenses necessary to carry out naval petroleum and oil shale re-serve activities, $4,900,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, unobligated funds remaining from prior years shall be available for all naval petroleum and oil shale reserve activi-ties. S
TRATEGIC PETROLEUM RESERVE  For Department of Energy expenses necessary for Strategic Petroleum Reserve facility develop-ment and operations and program management activities pursuant to the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.), $252,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That as authorized by section 404 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–74; 42 U.S.C. 6239 note), the Secretary of En-ergy shall draw down and sell not to exceed $350,000,000 of crude oil from the Strategic Pe-troleum Reserve in fiscal year 2018: Provided further, That the proceeds from such drawdown and sale shall be deposited into the ‘‘Energy Se-curity and Infrastructure Modernization Fund’’ during fiscal year 2018 and shall be made avail-able and shall remain available until expended for necessary expenses in carrying out the Life Extension II project for the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. N
ORTHEAST HOMEHEATING OILRESERVE  For Department of Energy expenses necessary for Northeast Home Heating Oil Reserve storage, operation, and management activities pursuant to the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.), $6,500,000, to remain avail-able until expended. E
NERGY INFORMATION ADMINISTRATION  For Department of Energy expenses necessary in carrying out the activities of the Energy In-formation Administration, $118,000,000, to re-main available until expended. N
ON-DEFENSE ENVIRONMENTAL CLEANUP  For Department of Energy expenses, including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment and other expenses necessary for non-defense environmental clean-up activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facil-ity or for plant or facility acquisition, construc-tion, or expansion, $222,400,000, to remain avail-able until expended. U
RANIUM ENRICHMENT DECONTAMINATION AND  D
ECOMMISSIONING FUND For Department of Energy expenses necessary in carrying out uranium enrichment facility de-contamination and decommissioning, remedial actions, and other activities of title II of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 and title X, subtitle A, of the Energy Policy Act of 1992, $768,000,000, to be derived from the Uranium Enrichment De-contamination and Decommissioning Fund, to remain available until expended, of which $32,959,000 shall be available in accordance with title X, subtitle A, of the Energy Policy Act of 1992. S
CIENCE  For Department of Energy expenses including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment, and other ex-penses necessary for science activities in car-rying out the purposes of the Department of En-ergy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or facility or for plant or fa-cility acquisition, construction, or expansion, and purchase of not more than 16 passenger motor vehicles for replacement only, including one ambulance and one bus, $5,392,000,000, to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.027 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6404 July 26, 2017 
remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $177,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, for program direction. N
UCLEAR WASTE DISPOSAL  For Department of Energy expenses necessary for nuclear waste disposal activities to carry out the purposes of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982, Public Law 97–425, as amended (herein-after referred to as the ‘‘NWPA’’), including the acquisition of any real property or facility con-struction, or expansion, $90,000,000, to remain available until expended, and to be derived from the Nuclear Waste Fund: Provided, That of the funds made available in this Act for nuclear waste disposal and defense nuclear waste dis-posal activities, 1.62 percent shall be provided to the Office of the Attorney General of the State of Nevada solely for expenditures, other than salaries and expenses of State employees, to con-duct scientific oversight responsibilities and par-ticipate in licensing activities pursuant to the NWPA: Provided further, That of the funds made available in this Act for nuclear waste dis-posal and defense nuclear waste disposal activi-ties, 2.91 percent shall be provided to affected units of local government, as defined in the NWPA, to conduct appropriate activities and participate in licensing activities under Section 116(c) of the NWPA: Provided further, That of the amounts provided to affected units of local government, 7.5 percent of the funds provided for the affected units of local government shall be made available to affected units of local gov-ernment in California with the balance made available to affected units of local government in Nevada for distribution as determined by the Nevada affected units of local government: Pro-vided further, That of the funds made available in this Act for nuclear waste disposal and de-fense nuclear waste disposal activities, 0.16 per-cent shall be provided to the affected Federally- recognized Indian tribes, as defined in the NWPA, solely for expenditures, other than sala-ries and expenses of tribal employees, to conduct appropriate activities and participate in licens-ing activities under section 118(b) of the NWPA: Provided further, That of the funds made avail-able in this Act for nuclear waste disposal and defense nuclear waste disposal activities, 3.0 percent shall be provided to Nye County, Ne-vada, 0.05 percent shall be provided to Clark County, Nevada, and 0.46 percent shall be pro-vided to the State of Nevada as payment equal to taxes under section 116(c)(3) of the NWPA: Provided further, That within 90 days of the completion of each Federal fiscal year, the Of-fice of the Attorney General of the State of Ne-vada, each affected Federally-recognized Indian tribe, and each of the affected units of local government shall provide certification to the De-partment of Energy that all funds expended from such payments have been expended for ac-tivities authorized by the NWPA and this Act: Provided further, That failure to provide such certification shall cause such entity to be pro-hibited from any further funding provided for similar activities: Provided further, That none of the funds herein appropriated may be: (1) used for litigation expenses; or (2) used for in-terim storage activities; or (3) used to support multi-State efforts or other coalition building activities inconsistent with the restrictions con-tained in this Act: Provided further, That all proceeds and recoveries realized by the Sec-retary in carrying out activities authorized by the NWPA, including but not limited to any pro-ceeds from the sale of assets, shall be credited to this account, to remain available until ex-pended, for carrying out the purposes of this ac-count. T
ITLE17 INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGY LOAN G
UARANTEE PROGRAM  
(INCLUDING RESCISSIONS OF FUNDS)  Such sums as are derived from amounts re-ceived from borrowers pursuant to section 1702(b) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16512(b)) under this heading in prior Acts, shall be collected in accordance with sec-tion 502(7) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided, That for necessary administra-tive expenses to carry out this Loan Guarantee program, $2,000,000 is appropriated, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided fur-ther, That $2,000,000 of the fees collected pursu-ant to section 1702(h) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 shall be credited as offsetting collections to this account to cover administrative expenses and shall remain available until expended, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $0: Provided further, That fees collected under section 1702(h) in excess of the amount appropriated for administrative expenses shall not be available until appropriated: Provided further, That the Department of Energy shall not subordinate any loan obligation to other fi-nancing in violation of section 1702 of the En-ergy Policy Act of 2005 or subordinate any Guaranteed Obligation to any loan or other debt obligations in violation of section 609.10 of title 10, Code of Federal Regulations: Provided fur-ther, That of the subsidy amounts provided by section 1425 of the Department of Defense and Full-Year Continuing Appropriations Act, 2011 (Public Law 112–10; 125 Stat. 126), for the cost of loan guarantees for renewable energy or effi-cient end-use energy technologies under section 1703 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16513), $160,660,000 is hereby rescinded: Provided further, That the authority provided in prior year appropriations Acts for commitments to guarantee loans under title XVII of the Energy Policy Act of 2005, excluding amounts for com-mitments made by October 1, 2017, is hereby re-scinded. ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY VEHICLES  M
ANUFACTURING LOANPROGRAM  For Department of Energy administrative ex-penses necessary in carrying out the Advanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing Loan Pro-gram, $5,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019. T
RIBAL ENERGY LOANGUARANTEE PROGRAM  For Department of Energy administrative ex-penses necessary in carrying out the Tribal En-ergy Loan Guarantee Program, $500,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2019. D
EPARTMENTAL ADMINISTRATION  For salaries and expenses of the Department of Energy necessary for departmental adminis-tration in carrying out the purposes of the De-partment of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), $281,693,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, including the hire of passenger motor vehicles and official reception and representation expenses not to exceed $30,000, plus such additional amounts as nec-essary to cover increases in the estimated amount of cost of work for others notwith-standing the provisions of the Anti-Deficiency Act (31 U.S.C. 1511 et seq.): Provided, That such increases in cost of work are offset by revenue increases of the same or greater amount: Pro-vided further, That moneys received by the De-partment for miscellaneous revenues estimated to total $96,000,000 in fiscal year 2018 may be re-tained and used for operating expenses within this account, as authorized by section 201 of Public Law 95–238, notwithstanding the provi-sions of 31 U.S.C. 3302: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropria-tion from the general fund estimated at not more than $185,693,000. O
FFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL  For expenses necessary for the Office of the Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $49,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. ATOMIC ENERGY DEFENSE ACTIVITIES NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMINISTRATION WEAPONS ACTIVITIES  For Department of Energy expenses, including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment and other inci-dental expenses necessary for atomic energy de-fense weapons activities in carrying out the pur-poses of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acqui-sition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $10,239,344,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $105,600,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, for program direction. D
EFENSE NUCLEAR NONPROLIFERATION  
(INCLUDING RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  For Department of Energy expenses, including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment and other inci-dental expenses necessary for defense nuclear nonproliferation activities, in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organi-zation Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real prop-erty or any facility or for plant or facility acqui-sition, construction, or expansion, $1,825,461,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That funds provided by this Act for Project 99–D–143, Mixed Oxide Fuel Fab-rication Facility, and by prior Acts that remain unobligated for such Project, may be made available only for construction and project sup-port activities for such Project: Provided fur-ther, That of the unobligated balances from prior year appropriations available under this heading, $49,000,000 is hereby rescinded: Pro-vided further, That no amounts may be re-scinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pur-suant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. N
AVAL REACTORS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For Department of Energy expenses necessary for naval reactors activities to carry out the De-partment of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition (by pur-chase, condemnation, construction, or other-wise) of real property, plant, and capital equip-ment, facilities, and facility expansion, $1,486,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, of which, $82,500,000 shall be trans-ferred to ‘‘Department of Energy—Energy Pro-grams—Nuclear Energy’’, for the Advanced Test Reactor: Provided, That of such amount, $46,651,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, for program direction. F
EDERAL SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for Federal Salaries and Expenses in the National Nuclear Security Administration, $412,595,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, including official re-ception and representation expenses not to ex-ceed $12,000. ENVIRONMENTAL AND OTHER DEFENSE ACTIVITIES D
EFENSE ENVIRONMENTAL CLEANUP  For Department of Energy expenses, including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment and other expenses necessary for atomic energy defense environ-mental cleanup activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organi-zation Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real prop-erty or any facility or for plant or facility acqui-sition, construction, or expansion, $5,405,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That of such amount, $300,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, for program direction. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.027 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6405 July 26, 2017 
OTHER DEFENSE ACTIVITIES  For Department of Energy expenses, including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment and other ex-penses, necessary for atomic energy defense, other defense activities, and classified activities, in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expan-sion, $825,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That of such amount, $284,400,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, for program direction. D
EFENSE NUCLEAR WASTE DISPOSAL  For Department of Energy expenses necessary for nuclear waste disposal activities to carry out the purposes of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982, as amended, including the acquisition of real property or facility construction or expan-sion, $30,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended. POWER MARKETING ADMINISTRATIONS B
ONNEVILLE POWER ADMINISTRATION FUND Expenditures from the Bonneville Power Ad-ministration Fund, established pursuant to Pub-lic Law 93–454, are approved for official recep-tion and representation expenses in an amount not to exceed $5,000: Provided, That during fis-cal year 2018, no new direct loan obligations may be made. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , SOUTHEASTERN  P
OWER ADMINISTRATION  For expenses necessary for operation and maintenance of power transmission facilities and for marketing electric power and energy, in-cluding transmission wheeling and ancillary services, pursuant to section 5 of the Flood Con-trol Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), as applied to the southeastern power area, $6,379,000, includ-ing official reception and representation ex-penses in an amount not to exceed $1,500, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302 and section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944, up to $6,379,000 collected by the Southeastern Power Adminis-tration from the sale of power and related serv-ices shall be credited to this account as discre-tionary offsetting collections, to remain avail-able until expended for the sole purpose of fund-ing the annual expenses of the Southeastern Power Administration: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated for annual ex-penses shall be reduced as collections are re-ceived during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation estimated at not more than $0: Provided further, That not-withstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, up to $51,000,000 collected by the Southeastern Power Adminis-tration pursuant to the Flood Control Act of 1944 to recover purchase power and wheeling ex-penses shall be credited to this account as off-setting collections, to remain available until ex-pended for the sole purpose of making purchase power and wheeling expenditures: Provided fur-ther, That for purposes of this appropriation, annual expenses means expenditures that are generally recovered in the same year that they are incurred (excluding purchase power and wheeling expenses). O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , SOUTHWESTERN  P
OWER ADMINISTRATION  For expenses necessary for operation and maintenance of power transmission facilities and for marketing electric power and energy, for construction and acquisition of transmission lines, substations and appurtenant facilities, and for administrative expenses, including offi-cial reception and representation expenses in an amount not to exceed $1,500 in carrying out sec-tion 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), as applied to the Southwestern Power Ad-ministration, $30,288,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302 and section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), up to $18,888,000 collected by the Southwestern Power Adminis-tration from the sale of power and related serv-ices shall be credited to this account as discre-tionary offsetting collections, to remain avail-able until expended, for the sole purpose of funding the annual expenses of the South-western Power Administration: Provided fur-ther, That the sum herein appropriated for an-nual expenses shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation estimated at not more than $11,400,000: Provided further, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, up to $10,000,000 collected by the Southwestern Power Administration pursuant to the Flood Control Act of 1944 to recover purchase power and wheeling expenses shall be credited to this ac-count as offsetting collections, to remain avail-able until expended for the sole purpose of mak-ing purchase power and wheeling expenditures: Provided further, That for purposes of this ap-propriation, annual expenses means expendi-tures that are generally recovered in the same year that they are incurred (excluding purchase power and wheeling expenses). CONSTRUCTION , R EHABILITATION , O PERATION  
AND MAINTENANCE , W ESTERN AREA POWER  A
DMINISTRATION  For carrying out the functions authorized by title III, section 302(a)(1)(E) of the Act of Au-gust 4, 1977 (42 U.S.C. 7152), and other related activities including conservation and renewable resources programs as authorized, $232,276,000, including official reception and representation expenses in an amount not to exceed $1,500, to remain available until expended, of which $230,251,000 shall be derived from the Depart-ment of the Interior Reclamation Fund: Pro-vided, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, sec-tion 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), and section 1 of the Interior Department Appropriation Act, 1939 (43 U.S.C. 392a), up to $138,904,000 collected by the Western Area Power Administration from the sale of power and re-lated services shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collections, to remain available until expended, for the sole purpose of funding the annual expenses of the Western Area Power Administration: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated for annual expenses shall be reduced as collections are re-ceived during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation estimated at not more than $93,372,000, of which $91,347,000 is derived from the Reclamation Fund: Provided further, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, up to $179,000,000 collected by the Western Area Power Administration pursuant to the Flood Control Act of 1944 and the Reclamation Project Act of 1939 to recover purchase power and wheeling expenses shall be credited to this ac-count as offsetting collections, to remain avail-able until expended for the sole purpose of mak-ing purchase power and wheeling expenditures: Provided further, That for purposes of this ap-propriation, annual expenses means expendi-tures that are generally recovered in the same year that they are incurred (excluding purchase power and wheeling expenses). F
ALCON AND AMISTAD OPERATING AND  M
AINTENANCE FUND For operation, maintenance, and emergency costs for the hydroelectric facilities at the Fal-con and Amistad Dams, $4,176,000, to remain available until expended, and to be derived from the Falcon and Amistad Operating and Mainte-nance Fund of the Western Area Power Admin-istration, as provided in section 2 of the Act of June 18, 1954 (68 Stat. 255): Provided, That not-withstanding the provisions of that Act and of 31 U.S.C. 3302, up to $3,948,000 collected by the Western Area Power Administration from the sale of power and related services from the Fal-con and Amistad Dams shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of funding the annual expenses of the hydroelectric facilities of these Dams and associ-ated Western Area Power Administration activi-ties: Provided further, That the sum herein ap-propriated for annual expenses shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appro-priation estimated at not more than $228,000: Provided further, That for purposes of this ap-propriation, annual expenses means expendi-tures that are generally recovered in the same year that they are incurred: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2018, the Administrator of the Western Area Power Administration may ac-cept up to $872,000 in funds contributed by United States power customers of the Falcon and Amistad Dams for deposit into the Falcon and Amistad Operating and Maintenance Fund, and such funds shall be available for the pur-pose for which contributed in like manner as if said sums had been specifically appropriated for such purpose: Provided further, That any such funds shall be available without further appro-priation and without fiscal year limitation for use by the Commissioner of the United States Section of the International Boundary and Water Commission for the sole purpose of oper-ating, maintaining, repairing, rehabilitating, re-placing, or upgrading the hydroelectric facilities at these Dams in accordance with agreements reached between the Administrator, Commis-sioner, and the power customers. FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to carry out the provi-sions of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, official reception and representation expenses not to exceed $3,000, and the hire of passenger motor vehicles, $367,600,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, not to exceed $367,600,000 of reve-nues from fees and annual charges, and other services and collections in fiscal year 2018 shall be retained and used for expenses necessary in this account, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That the sum here-in appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced as revenues are received during fiscal year 2018 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation from the general fund esti-mated at not more than $0. GENERAL PROVISIONS—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 301. (a) No appropriation, funds, or au-thority made available by this title for the De-partment of Energy shall be used to initiate or resume any program, project, or activity or to prepare or initiate Requests For Proposals or similar arrangements (including Requests for Quotations, Requests for Information, and Funding Opportunity Announcements) for a program, project, or activity if the program, project, or activity has not been funded by Con-gress. (b)(1) Unless the Secretary of Energy notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 3 full business days in advance, none of the funds made available in this title may be used to— (A) make a grant allocation or discretionary grant award totaling $1,000,000 or more; (B) make a discretionary contract award or Other Transaction Agreement totaling $1,000,000 or more, including a contract covered by the Federal Acquisition Regulation; (C) issue a letter of intent to make an alloca-tion, award, or Agreement in excess of the limits in subparagraph (A) or (B); or (D) announce publicly the intention to make an allocation, award, or Agreement in excess of the limits in subparagraph (A) or (B). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.027 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6406 July 26, 2017 
(2) The Secretary of Energy shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress within 15 days of the con-clusion of each quarter a report detailing each grant allocation or discretionary grant award totaling less than $1,000,000 provided during the previous quarter. (3) The notification required by paragraph (1) and the report required by paragraph (2) shall include the recipient of the award, the amount of the award, the fiscal year for which the funds for the award were appropriated, the ac-count and program, project, or activity from which the funds are being drawn, the title of the award, and a brief description of the activ-ity for which the award is made. (c) The Department of Energy may not, with respect to any program, project, or activity that uses budget authority made available in this title under the heading ‘‘Department of En-ergy—Energy Programs’’, enter into a multiyear contract, award a multiyear grant, or enter into a multiyear cooperative agreement unless— (1) the contract, grant, or cooperative agree-ment is funded for the full period of perform-ance as anticipated at the time of award; or (2) the contract, grant, or cooperative agree-ment includes a clause conditioning the Federal Government’s obligation on the availability of future year budget authority and the Secretary notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 3 days in ad-vance. (d) Except as provided in subsections (e), (f), and (g), the amounts made available by this title shall be expended as authorized by law for the programs, projects, and activities specified in the ‘‘Bill’’ column in the ‘‘Department of En-ergy’’ table included under the heading ‘‘Title III—Department of Energy’’ in the report of the Committee on Appropriations accompanying this Act. (e) The amounts made available by this title may be reprogrammed for any program, project, or activity, and the Department shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 30 days prior to the use of any proposed reprogramming that would cause any program, project, or activity funding level to in-crease or decrease by more than $5,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, during the time pe-riod covered by this Act. (f) None of the funds provided in this title shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that— (1) creates, initiates, or eliminates a program, project, or activity; (2) increases funds or personnel for any pro-gram, project, or activity for which funds are denied or restricted by this Act; or (3) reduces funds that are directed to be used for a specific program, project, or activity by this Act. (g)(1) The Secretary of Energy may waive any requirement or restriction in this section that applies to the use of funds made available for the Department of Energy if compliance with such requirement or restriction would pose a substantial risk to human health, the environ-ment, welfare, or national security. (2) The Secretary of Energy shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of any waiver under paragraph (1) as soon as practicable, but not later than 3 days after the date of the activity to which a require-ment or restriction would otherwise have ap-plied. Such notice shall include an explanation of the substantial risk under paragraph (1) that permitted such waiver. (h) The unexpended balances of prior appro-priations provided for activities in this Act may be available to the same appropriation accounts for such activities established pursuant to this title. Available balances may be merged with funds in the applicable established accounts and thereafter may be accounted for as one fund for the same time period as originally en-acted. S EC. 302. Funds appropriated by this or any other Act, or made available by the transfer of funds in this Act, for intelligence activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Con-gress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3094) during fis-cal year 2018 until the enactment of the Intel-ligence Authorization Act for fiscal year 2018. S
EC. 303. None of the funds made available in this title shall be used for the construction of fa-cilities classified as high-hazard nuclear facili-ties under 10 CFR Part 830 unless independent oversight is conducted by the Office of Enter-prise Assessments to ensure the project is in compliance with nuclear safety requirements. S
EC. 304. None of the funds made available in this title may be used to approve critical deci-sion-2 or critical decision-3 under Department of Energy Order 413.3B, or any successive depart-mental guidance, for construction projects where the total project cost exceeds $100,000,000, until a separate independent cost estimate has been developed for the project for that critical decision. S
EC. 305. (a) None of the funds made available in this or any prior Act under the heading ‘‘De-fense Nuclear Nonproliferation’’ may be made available to enter into new contracts with, or new agreements for Federal assistance to, the Russian Federation. (b) The Secretary of Energy may waive the prohibition in subsection (a) if the Secretary de-termines that such activity is in the national se-curity interests of the United States. This waiv-er authority may not be delegated. (c) A waiver under subsection (b) shall not be effective until 15 days after the date on which the Secretary submits to the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress, in clas-sified form if necessary, a report on the jus-tification for the waiver. S
EC. 306. Notwithstanding section 161 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6241), upon a determination by the President in this fiscal year that a regional supply shortage of refined petroleum product of significant scope and duration exists, that a severe increase in the price of refined petroleum product will likely result from such shortage, and that a draw down and sale of refined petroleum product would assist directly and significantly in reduc-ing the adverse impact of such shortage, the Secretary of Energy may draw down and sell re-fined petroleum product from the Strategic Pe-troleum Reserve. Proceeds from a sale under this section shall be deposited into the SPR Petro-leum Account established in section 167 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6247), and such amounts shall be available for obligation, without fiscal year limitation, con-sistent with that section. S
EC. 307. (a) D RAWDOWN AND SALE.—Notwith- standing section 161 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6241), and in addi-tion to sales authorized in sections 403 and 404 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (42 U.S.C. 6241; 42 U.S.C. 6239 note) and section 5010 of the 21st Century Cures Act (42 U.S.C. 6241 note), the Secretary of Energy shall draw down and sell up to $8,400,000 of crude oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve during this fiscal year. (b) P
ROCEEDS .—Proceeds from a sale under this section shall be deposited into the SPR Pe-troleum Account during this fiscal year and shall be available for the costs of crude oil sales authorized in sections 403 and 404 of the Bipar-tisan Budget Act of 2015 (42 U.S.C. 6241; 42 U.S.C. 6239 note) and section 5010 of the 21st Century Cures Act (42 U.S.C. 6241 note), to re-main available until expended. (c) E
MERGENCY PROTECTION .—The Secretary shall not draw down and sell crude oil under this section in amounts that would limit the au-thority to sell petroleum products under section 161(h) of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6241(h)) in the full amount au-thorized by that subsection. S
EC. 308. (a) N EWREGIONAL RESERVES .—The Secretary of Energy may not establish any new regional petroleum product reserve unless fund-ing for the proposed regional petroleum product reserve is explicitly requested in advance in an annual budget submission and approved by the Congress in an appropriations Act. (b) The budget request or notification shall in-clude— (1) the justification for the new reserve; (2) a cost estimate for the establishment, oper-ation, and maintenance of the reserve, including funding sources; (3) a detailed plan for operation of the re-serve, including the conditions upon which the products may be released; (4) the location of the reserve; and (5) the estimate of the total inventory of the reserve. SEC. 309. Of the amounts made available under this title, not more than $267,901,000 may be transferred to the working capital fund es-tablished under section 653 of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7263). TITLE IV INDEPENDENT AGENCIES A
PPALACHIAN REGIONAL COMMISSION  For expenses necessary to carry out the pro-grams authorized by the Appalachian Regional Development Act of 1965, and for expenses nec-essary for the Federal Co-Chairman and the Al-ternate on the Appalachian Regional Commis-sion, for payment of the Federal share of the administrative expenses of the Commission, in-cluding services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, and hire of passenger motor vehicles, $130,000,000, to remain available until expended. D
EFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Defense Nu-clear Facilities Safety Board in carrying out ac-tivities authorized by chapter 21 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2286 et seq.), $30,600,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. D
ELTA REGIONAL AUTHORITY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Delta Regional Authority and to carry out its activities, as au-thorized by the Delta Regional Authority Act of 2000, notwithstanding sections 382C(b)(2), 382F(d), 382M, and 382N of said Act, $15,000,000, to remain available until expended. D
ENALI COMMISSION  For expenses necessary for the Denali Com-mission including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment as necessary and other expenses, $11,000,000, to remain available until expended, notwith-standing the limitations contained in section 306(g) of the Denali Commission Act of 1998: Provided, That funds shall be available for con-struction projects in an amount not to exceed 80 percent of total project cost for distressed com-munities, as defined by section 307 of the Denali Commission Act of 1998 (division C, title III, Public Law 105–277), as amended by section 701 of appendix D, title VII, Public Law 106–113 (113 Stat. 1501A–280), and an amount not to exceed 50 percent for non-distressed communities: Pro-vided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law regarding payment of a non- Federal share in connection with a grant-in-aid program, amounts under this heading shall be available for the payment of such a non-Federal share for programs undertaken to carry out the purposes of the Commission. N
ORTHERN BORDER REGIONAL COMMISSION  For expenses necessary for the Northern Bor-der Regional Commission in carrying out activi-ties authorized by subtitle V of title 40, United States Code, $5,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amounts shall be available for administrative expenses, notwith-standing section 15751(b) of title 40, United States Code. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.027 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6407 July 26, 2017 
SOUTHEAST CRESCENT REGIONAL COMMISSION  For expenses necessary for the Southeast Crescent Regional Commission in carrying out activities authorized by subtitle V of title 40, United States Code, $250,000, to remain avail-able until expended. N
UCLEAR REGULATORY COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Commission in carrying out the purposes of the Energy Reorga-nization Act of 1974 and the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, $939,137,000, including official represen-tation expenses not to exceed $25,000, to remain available until expended, of which $30,000,000 shall be derived from the Nuclear Waste Fund: Provided, That of the amount appropriated herein, not more than $9,500,000 may be made available for salaries, travel, and other support costs for the Office of the Commission, to remain available until September 30, 2019, of which, notwithstanding section 201(a)(2)(c) of the En-ergy Reorganization Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5841(a)(2)(c)), the use and expenditure shall only be approved by a majority vote of the Com-mission: Provided further, That revenues from licensing fees, inspection services, and other services and collections estimated at $779,829,000 in fiscal year 2018 shall be retained and used for necessary salaries and expenses in this account, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, and shall re-main available until expended: Provided fur-ther, That of the amounts appropriated under this heading, not less than $10,000,000 shall be for activities related to the development of regu-latory infrastructure for advanced nuclear tech-nologies, and $16,200,000 shall be for inter-national activities, except that the amounts pro-vided under this proviso shall not be derived from fee revenues, notwithstanding 42 U.S.C. 2214: Provided further, That the sum herein ap-propriated shall be reduced by the amount of revenues received during fiscal year 2018 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation estimated at not more than $159,308,000: Pro-vided further, That of the amounts appropriated under this heading, $10,000,000 shall be for uni-versity research and development in areas rel-evant to the Commission’s mission, and $5,000,000 shall be for a Nuclear Science and En-gineering Grant Program that will support multiyear projects that do not align with pro-grammatic missions but are critical to maintain-ing the discipline of nuclear science and engi-neering. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For expenses necessary for the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $12,859,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Pro-vided, That revenues from licensing fees, inspec-tion services, and other services and collections estimated at $10,555,000 in fiscal year 2018 shall be retained and be available until September 30, 2019, for necessary salaries and expenses in this account, notwithstanding section 3302 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced by the amount of revenues received during fiscal year 2018 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation estimated at not more than $2,304,000: Provided further, That of the amounts appropriated under this heading, $1,131,000 shall be for Inspector General services for the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board, which shall not be available from fee revenues. N
UCLEAR WASTE TECHNICAL REVIEW BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Nuclear Waste Technical Review Board, as authorized by Pub-lic Law 100–203, section 5051, $3,600,000, to be derived from the Nuclear Waste Fund, to remain available until September 30, 2019. GENERAL PROVISIONS—INDEPENDENT AGENCIES S
EC. 401. The Nuclear Regulatory Commission shall comply with the July 5, 2011, version of chapter VI of its Internal Commission Proce-dures when responding to Congressional re-quests for information. SEC. 402. (a) The amounts made available by this title for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission may be reprogrammed for any program, project, or activity, and the Commission shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 30 days prior to the use of any proposed reprogramming that would cause any program funding level to increase or decrease by more than $500,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, during the time period covered by this Act. (b)(1) The Nuclear Regulatory Commission may waive the notification requirement in sub-section (a) if compliance with such requirement would pose a substantial risk to human health, the environment, welfare, or national security. (2) The Nuclear Regulatory Commission shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of any waiver under para-graph (1) as soon as practicable, but not later than 3 days after the date of the activity to which a requirement or restriction would other-wise have applied. Such notice shall include an explanation of the substantial risk under para-graph (1) that permitted such waiver and shall provide a detailed report to the Committees of such waiver and changes to funding levels to programs, projects, or activities. (c) Except as provided in subsections (a), (b), and (d), the amounts made available by this title for ‘‘Nuclear Regulatory Commission—Sala-ries and Expenses’’ shall be expended as di-rected in the report of the Committee on Appro-priations accompanying this Act. (d) None of the funds provided for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogram-ming of funds that increases funds or personnel for any program, project, or activity for which funds are denied or restricted by this Act. (e) The Commission shall provide a monthly report to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress, which includes the fol-lowing for each program, project, or activity, in-cluding any prior year appropriations— (1) total budget authority; (2) total unobligated balances; and (3) total unliquidated obligations. TITLE V GENERAL PROVISIONS S
EC. 501. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used in any way, directly or in-directly, to influence congressional action on any legislation or appropriation matters pend-ing before Congress, other than to communicate to Members of Congress as described in 18 U.S.C. 1913. S
EC. 502. (a) None of the funds made available in title III of this Act may be transferred to any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by or transfer authority provided in this Act or any other appropriations Act for any fiscal year, transfer authority referenced in the report of the Committee on Appropriations accompanying this Act, or any authority where-by a department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government may provide goods or services to another department, agency, or instrumentality. (b) None of the funds made available for any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government may be transferred to accounts funded in title III of this Act, except pursuant to a transfer made by or transfer au-thority provided in this Act or any other appro-priations Act for any fiscal year, transfer au-thority referenced in the report of the Committee on Appropriations accompanying this Act, or any authority whereby a department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Govern-ment may provide goods or services to another department, agency, or instrumentality. (c) The head of any relevant department or agency funded in this Act utilizing any transfer authority shall submit to the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress a semi-annual report detailing the transfer authorities, except for any authority whereby a department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government may provide goods or services to another department, agency, or instrumentality, used in the previous 6 months and in the year- to-date. This report shall include the amounts transferred and the purposes for which they were transferred, and shall not replace or mod-ify existing notification requirements for each authority. SEC. 503. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of Execu-tive Order No. 12898 of February 11, 1994 (Fed-eral Actions to Address Environmental Justice in Minority Populations and Low-Income Popu-lations). S
EC. 504. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investiga-tions, prosecution, or adjudication activities. S
EC. 505. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to further implementation of the coastal and marine spatial planning and ecosystem-based management components of the National Ocean Policy developed under Execu-tive Order No. 13547 of July 19, 2010. S
EC. 506. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the removal of any fed-erally owned or operated dam unless the re-moval was previously authorized by Congress. S
EC. 507. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to conduct closure of adju-dicatory functions, technical review, or support activities associated with the Yucca Mountain geologic repository license application, or for ac-tions that irrevocably remove the possibility that Yucca Mountain may be a repository option in the future. 
REFERENCES TO ACT  S
EC. 508. Except as expressly provided other-wise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as referring only to the provisions of this division. 
REFERENCE TO REPORT  S
EC. 509. Any reference to a ‘‘report accom-panying this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as a reference to House Report 115–230. The effect of such Report shall be lim-ited to this division and shall apply for purposes of determining the allocation of funds provided by, and the implementation of, this division. 
SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT  S
EC. 510. $0. This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Ap-propriations Act, 2018’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. No further amendment to the bill shall be in order except those printed in House Report 115–259, amendments en bloc described in section 3 of House Resolution 473, and pro forma amendments described in section 4 of that resolution. Each further amendment printed in the report shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time speci-fied in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, may be withdrawn by the pro-ponent at any time before action there-on, shall not be subject to amendment except as provided by section 4 of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.027 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6408 July 26, 2017 
House Resolution 473, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. It shall be in order at any time for the chair of the Committee on Appro-priations or his designee to offer amendments en bloc consisting of amendments printed in the report not earlier disposed of. Amendments en bloc shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for 20 minutes equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Appropriations or their re-spective designees, shall not be subject to amendment, except as provided by section 4 of House Resolution 473, and shall not be subject to a demand for di-vision of the question. During consideration of the bill for amendment, the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Appropriations or their respective des-ignees may offer up to 20 pro forma amendments each at any point for the purpose of debate. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . CONNOLLY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 115–259. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 163, line 25, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,022,250)’’. Page 164, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,022,250)’’. Page 189, line 19, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 473, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment that would increase funding for the Govern-ment Accountability Office, offset by a minor decrease in the funding for the MRA accounts here in the House of Representatives. I am offering the amendment for three reasons: First, the bill significantly underfunds the GAO. Second, the administration is ac-tively thwarting congressional over-sight, which we need more of, not less of. Finally, Congress, which struck an aggressive posture in oversight during the previous administration, seems to have lost its way a bit in its constitu-tional duty to oversee the activities of this executive branch. The GAO is a vital resource not only for congressional overseers, but also anyone interested in studying or im-proving the effectiveness of Federal agencies. The GAO is often referred to as the congressional watchdog. I am sure every Member of Congress has supported or requested a GAO report with the purpose of examining broad and discrete issues of executive branch oversight at some point in their career. It is a vital institution that saves tax-payer dollars. Every dollar we invest in the GAO, Mr. Chairman, generates a $112 return for the Federal Government and for the taxpayer. This oversight dividend amounted to $63 billion in financial benefits for the Federal Government in fiscal year 2016 alone. Unfortunately, the bill before us pro-vides $46.2 million less than the budget request for fiscal year 2018. This amendment would simply restore a modest $1 million of it. I know the lack of sufficient funding for the GAO has been a topic of discus-sion and debate between the majority and minority on the Appropriations Committee. I would note that the ranking member raised the issue in the ‘‘Additional Views’’ section of the com-mittee report. In the report, Ranking Member LOWEY and Representative T IMRYAN, who is with us on the floor, stated it is irresponsible to underfund the GAO, es-pecially when administration officials have reportedly been ordered not to comply with Democratic oversight re-quests. Which brings me to my second reason for offering the amendment: the indif-ferent and at times outright adver-sarial approach the Trump administra-tion has decided to take to normal rou-tine congressional oversight work. The administration has ignored the seven- member rule, for example, an authority enacted into law in 1928, which dele-gates authority to any seven members of my committee, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, to require any executive branch agency to submit any information requested of it relating to any matter within the ju-risdiction of our committee. The Trump administration released an opinion issued by the Office of Legal Counsel, arguing that agencies and de-partments could ignore requests for documents and other information from Members of the minority party. On June 7, Republican Senator C
HUCK  G
RASSLEY , who certainly knew the ben-efit of getting information requests in the minority answered, wrote a scath-ing letter to President Trump urging him to reject the opinion. The opinion stated that only requests from commit-tees or their chairs are constitu-tionally authorized. Senator G
RASSLEY , Republican chairman of the Judiciary Committee in the Senate, called the opinion nonsense. In his letter to the President, he stated: ‘‘For OLC to fundamentally misunderstand and misstate such a simple fact exposes its shocking lack of professionalism and objectivity.’’ He also wrote: ‘‘Oversight brings transparency, and transparency brings accountability. And the opposite is true. Shutting down oversight requests doesn’t drain the swamp.’’ Those are the words of C
HUCK GRASS -
LEY. As the vice ranking member of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, I have witnessed firsthand the committee’s volte-face on issues of oversight. Whereas, during the Obama adminis-tration, one would have thought that, like the British Empire, the Sun never set on the jurisdiction of our com-mittee. Now, suddenly, the majority advances a tortured and narrow inter-pretation of the committee’s role as the primary oversight body for the House of Representatives. If the administration is going to ig-nore the minority in Congress and the majority is suddenly allergic to con-gressional oversight, the demands on the GAO are going to grow. With that greater responsibility should come greater resources. First and foremost, the House should join Senator GRASSLEY and demand that this administration not impede con-gressional oversight activities. In the absence of the administration acceding to this request, we have got to send a clear message about the im-portance to the executive branch of ac-countability by better funding the GAO. This amendment will not solve the GAO funding created by this bill, but it would send a message to our colleagues in the Senate about the premium we place on the principle of robust over-sight of the executive branch. Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer an amend-ment which would increase funding for the Government Accountability Office (GAO) and offset that increase with a reduction in funding for the salaries and expenses of the House of Representatives. I am offering this amendment for three rea-sons. First, this bill significantly underfunds GAO. Second, this administration is actively thwarting congressional oversight. And finally, Congress, which struck an ag-gressive posture on oversight during the Obama Administration, seems to have forgot-ten its Constitutional duty to oversee the ac-tivities of the Executive Branch. GAO is a vital resource for not only Con-gressional overseers, but also anyone inter-ested in studying or improving the effective-ness of federal agencies and the way in which they carry out their vital missions. GAO is often referred to as the ‘‘congres-sional watchdog.’’ I am sure nearly every Member of Congress has supported or requested a GAO report with the purpose of examining broad and discrete issues of Executive Branch oversight. It is a vital institution that helps ensure tax-payer dollars are invested wisely. Every dollar we invest in GAO generates a $112 return for the federal government. This oversight dividend amounted to $63 billion in financial benefits for the federal government in fiscal year 2016. Unfortunately, the bill before us provides $46.2 million less than the budget request for FY 2018, which would result in the loss of 200 GAO staff by the end of the coming fiscal year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.100 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6409 July 26, 2017 
I know the lack of sufficient funding for GAO has been a topic of discussion and debate be-tween the Majority and the Minority on the Ap-propriations Committee. I would note that the Ranking Member raised this issue in the ‘‘Additional Views’’ sec-tion of the Committee report for the Legislative Branch Appropriations Bill. In the report, Ranking Member L
OWEY and Representative T
IMRYAN stated, ‘‘It is irre-sponsible to underfund the GAO, especially when Administration officials have reportedly been ordered not to comply with Democratic oversight requests.’’ Which brings me to my second reason for offering this amendment—the indifferent and, at times, hostile approach the Trump Adminis-tration has decided to take to Congressional oversight work. The administration has ignored the Seven Member Rule, an authority that was enacted into law in 1928 which delegates authority to any seven members of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform to require any Executive Branch agency to ‘‘submit any information requested of it relating to any mat-ter within the jurisdiction of the committee.’’ The Trump Administration released an opin-ion issued by the Office of Legal Counsel on May 1, 2017, arguing that agencies and de-partments could ignore requests for docu-ments and other information from Members of Congress other than Republican Committee Chairmen. On June 7, 2017, Republican Senator C
HUCK GRASSLEY wrote a scathing letter to President Trump urging him to reject the opin-ion issued by Office of Legal Counsel. The opinion stated that only requests from committees or their chairs are ‘‘constitutionally authorized.’’ Senator G
RASSLEY called the opinion ‘‘non-sense.’’ In his letter to the president he stated, ‘‘For OLC to so fundamentally misunderstand and misstate such a simple fact exposes its shock-ing lack of professionalism and objectivity. In-deed, OLC appears to have utterly failed to live up to its own standards. You are being ill- served and ill-advised.’’ He also wrote, ‘‘Oversight brings trans-parency, and transparency brings account-ability. And, the opposite is true. Shutting down oversight requests doesn’t drain the swamp, Mr. President. It floods the swamp.’’ And Congress is not blameless here. As the Vice Ranking Member of the House Oversight and Government Reform Com-mittee, I have witnessed firsthand that Com-mittee’s volte-face on issues of oversight. Whereas, during the Obama Administration one would have thought that like the British Empire the sun never set on the jurisdiction of the Oversight Committee, now the Majority ad-vances a tortured and narrow interpretation of the Committee’s role as the primary oversight body for the House of Representatives. If the Administration is going to ignore the Minority in Congress, and the Majority is sud-denly allergic to Congressional oversight, the demands on GAO are only going to grow. And with that greater responsibility should come greater resources. First and foremost, the House should join Senator G
RASSLEY and demand that this ad-ministration not impede Congressional over-sight activities. In the absence of the administration acced-ing to this demand, we must send a clear message about the importance of Executive Branch accountability by better funding GAO. This amendment will not solve the GAO funding difficulties created by this bill, but it would send a message to our colleagues in the Senate about the premium we place on the principle of robust oversight of the Execu-tive Branch. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. YODER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Kansas is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. YODER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Virginia for his amendment to add $1 million to the al-ready $545 million that we spend on the Government Accountability Office. The GAO plays an important role in being a government watchdog. They are the sort of watchdog of what hap-pens in this city. And we are all cer-tainly concerned, whether it is a Demo-crat or Republican President, that we want a GAO that can do its work and to root out fraud, waste, and abuse, provide economic data for Congress, help us to do our job in holding our government accountable, and help the American people hold our government accountable. That is why we work on this bill, to keep funding steady for the GAO and to help centralize IG reports to make them ultimately public and online to increase transparency. But we have tight constraints on our budget. Even so, while we work to fund addi-tional security needs, critical infra-structure projects that need to be fund-ed, and much-needed cybersecurity im-provements, reducing the amount of money that goes to MRAs from our col-leagues on both sides of the aisle would weaken our ability to represent our constituents, weaken our ability to ef-fectively communicate with our con-stituents. I don’t think that is the gen-tleman’s intent here, but that would be the ultimate result. We actually have a slight increase in what the GAO can spend in our budget, getting up to $545 million. So there is a slight increase here, and that is at a time in which many budgets are being decreased across Congress. Many of our constituents are tightening their belts and learning how to do more with less in the challenges they face putting food on the table for their families and really working in a family budget. We have to do the same thing here in Con-gress, Mr. Chairman. The GAO actually gets slightly more money this year, and they have the ability to continue to carry out their function at $545 million. And I don’t be-lieve going to $546 million is going to achieve the significant changes that maybe Mr. CONNOLLY would like to see. Ultimately, we are not able to ac-commodate this request, Mr. Chair-man. Our Member budgets are already 12 percent below what they were when the Republicans took over the House in 2010. b1715 We are 12 percent below, even with this expenditure, and many Members are concerned that they don’t have the resources to provide what they need to for their constituents. So cutting these budgets by $1 million more would only exacerbate those problems. Mr. Chairman, we would have to op-pose this amendment. We want the GAO to remain strong, and that is why we slightly increased their funding, but we can’t really rob the MRA budgets to add to that with the many challenges we have and many priorities in this Congress. Mr. Chairman, I would oppose the amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MRS . LOVE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 115–259. Mrs. LOVE. I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 164, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $11,025,000) (increased by $11,025,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 473, the gentlewoman from Utah (Mrs. L
OVE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Utah. Mrs. LOVE. Mr. Chairman, I appre-ciate the opportunity to speak about my proposed amendment to the Legis-lative Branch Appropriations bill. My amendment will have zero budgetary impact, and the intent is to merely ad-vocate for the expansion of permissible uses of the MRA funds that have al-ready been designated for Member se-curity. Currently, the Appropriations Com-mittee has provided MRA resources in the amount of $25,000 per Member for providing Member security away from the Capitol complex; however, this money may not be currently spent on security at a Member’s private resi-dence. In the current environment, however, many Members, myself included, have faced threats that extend to our homes and our families. For me, that included a person putting my address on Facebook and Twitter with a state-ment that stated: ‘‘We’ve signed your death certificate. You won’t see us coming.’’ In fact, in recognition of this dis-turbing trend, a recent FEC advisory opinion held that the campaign funds may be used, ‘‘. . . to install or up-grade residential security systems that do not constitute structural improve-ments to a Members’ homes.’’ My amendment proposes that MRA funds for Member security may be used 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.029 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6410 July 26, 2017 
in this same way. We do not face these threats because we are candidates for office but because we are sitting Mem-bers of Congress. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. R
ICH-
MOND ), my colleague from Louisiana’s Second Congressional District. Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Chair, I rise to support the gentlewoman from Utah’s amendment. I think that it is very ap-propriate, and, unfortunately, we find ourselves in a time where this is need-ed. But we have the awesome responsi-bility, and we have to remind ourselves sometimes that we are the only 435 people in the country that will vote on this country going to war and making decisions that impact this country. Be-cause of that, I think that we need to make sure that we safeguard ourselves in this rising time of new threats and dangers. Look, we all signed up for public service and to serve our country and to make it a more perfect Union; however, a lot of our families and our neighbors and our constituents that show up at our functions didn’t necessarily sign up for that. So for those reasons, I would just ask that my colleagues support it. I think it is a very prudent piece of leg-islation, amendment, at a very impor-tant time. Mrs. LOVE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Okla-homa (Mr. B
RIDENSTINE ), my colleague from Oklahoma’s First Congressional District. Mr. BRIDENSTINE. Mr. Chairman, I rise to thank the gentlewoman from Utah for offering this very important amendment at this time in American history. A lot of us have received threats, and I think this is a good amendment. I would like to thank the gentleman from Louisiana for stepping up to support it as well. I would like to reiterate the point that this amendment could save lives, and it doesn’t add a single penny to the budget, to the debt, to the deficit. This doesn’t add a single penny, and yet it could be responsible for saving the lives of our colleagues. So I would like to thank the gentle-woman from Utah for offering it and the gentleman from Louisiana for sup-porting it. I would urge all of my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment. Mrs. LOVE. Mr. Chair, I would like to go ahead and reiterate my thanks to the Appropriations Committee and to my colleagues for all of the support on this amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. YODER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment, even though I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Kansas is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. YODER. Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank Mrs. L
OVE for her elo-quence and leadership on this issue. She has provided a very serious pro-posal at a time in which, in light of the recent tragedy at a baseball park here in the suburbs of Virginia and what we have seen across the country, there are threats made daily against Members of Congress, both Democratic and Repub-lican. In fact, threats are up this year over what they were all of last year combined. We know many of these threats are simply just hot air or anger being ex-pressed in an overly vitriolic way. We have all seen it on social media, on Twitter, on Facebook pages, things that are just really shocking and lack the discourse and the civility that we need to solve problems in this country. But it reaches a different level when Members of Congress are put in threat-ening situations where they or their families legitimately believe that someone may try to harm them. So we must ensure that we do everything we can to protect this institution, that we protect this government, that we pro-tect democracy. The idea that anyone in this body could be targeted based on their polit-ical beliefs, like my friend and our col-league, our majority whip, STEVE SCA-
LISE, was when he was shot at a base-ball practice by somebody who was spe-cifically targeting Republicans for their beliefs, that is sort of new in the world of the shootings that we have seen around the country, that someone would be specifically targeted for their beliefs. It happened to Republicans now; it could happen to Democrats the next time. So I think we stand unified as a Congress that we must improve the se-curity in order to protect democracy. We signed up for this, of course, and as my colleague, Mr. R
ICHMOND , said, our families didn’t. Home security re-lates to our children, our families, making sure there are cameras or whatever improvements need to be made so that people know that, if someone were to try to attack them at their home, they would be protected. In this bill, we have addressed secu-rity here in Washington, D.C. We have addressed security at our district of-fices at home. We have even allowed personal security. But what we haven’t done is allowed some support for home security. We have seen, in recent weeks, that the FEC has said you can spend cam-paign dollars for this, and I think it is a reasonable request that Mrs. L
OVEis making, that others are standing up for, to allow the MRA to be utilized for that. So I think what the gentlewoman is raising will help with peace of mind. It will help stem real attacks, is limited in its scope, and ultimately protects democracy. Members of Congress should not be intimidated or injured or worse because of what they believe in. I ask the body to support this legisla-tion, and I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. RYAN), the ranking member of the Leg-islative Branch Subcommittee. Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, I just want to make it unanimous here. I want to thank the gentlewoman from Utah for offering this amendment and Mr. R
ICHMOND for coming here to sup-port it. Again, everything has been said. This is appropriate. We are in unchartered waters here. We were at the baseball practices. We saw what happened to our colleague. We go out to events; we can have se-curity. We go to our office; we can have security. You come home, and you can’t. So I think this is appropriate. I want to thank you for taking this issue up on behalf of the body. We have so many Members today that will take opportunities to diminish this body, and you stood up and showed some leadership in enhancing this body. I want to support this amendment, and I thank the chairman for allowing this to happen. Mr. YODER. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Utah (Mrs. L
OVE). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . KILDEE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 115–259. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 163, line 25, after the dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(increased by $250,000)’’. Page 167, line 3, after the dollar amount in-sert the following: ‘‘(increased by $250,000)’’. Page 167, line 14, after the dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(increased by $250,000)’’. Page 176, line 18, after the dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(reduced by $250,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 473, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is actually quite simple. It would expand the House Wounded War-rior Fellowship Program to ensure that even more wounded veterans have the opportunity to work here in Congress and contribute their talents to our work here. We need more veterans in public service. This amendment would provide additional opportunities for veterans to continue to serve their country here in the House of Representatives as leg-islative fellows. I think we know that these veterans bring a particular perspective and a particular set of experiences unlike anything else we hear, and this per-spective should inform the conversa-tions, the discussions, and the delibera-tions we have on all subjects, but par-ticularly on subjects related to their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.105 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6411 July 26, 2017 
experience and their particular per-spective. We need these voices espe-cially now more than ever. We do talk a lot about ways to help veterans transition from their service to the world of work following their time in the military. This would in-crease the number of veterans that are given the opportunity to, right here, work alongside us and to provide us with their perspective. This amendment is budget neutral and provides additional opportunities for veterans to help us in our work. I think it is the right thing. I urge my colleagues to support it. I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. R
YAN), the ranking member of the subcommittee. Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman. I think the Wounded Warrior Project we have going on here in the House of Representatives is a great project. It is a great opportunity, as you articu-lated, to get people into the legislative process, both in our district offices and here in Washington, D.C., and I want to voice my support for that. Mr. YODER. Mr. Chair, I ask unani-mous consent to claim the time in op-position, even though I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kansas? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. YODER. Mr. Chair, I want to thank Mr. K
ILDEE for his leadership in bringing this to this body’s attention. I think the work of our men and women in service defending our Nation is the highest priority for this Con-gress, and our support for them in serv-ices, in healthcare, in helping them find work, in education, in training, all the things they need when they come home, I think we are unified in our support that they should be recognized as the heroes they are when they come back and leave service. Some of these men and women, in putting themselves in the field of bat-tle have become wounded, and some-times very severely. They have stood in the field of battle. They have stood up to our enemies. They have protected freedom around the globe and here at home, keeping us and our allies, our children, our families safe, keeping freedom and democracy safe; yet, when they come home, all too often, they don’t have everything they need. All too often, they don’t feel that the promises this government has made have been kept. So each and every day I think we are working on legislation to improve that. We have passed bills in recent weeks here to continue and improve veterans’ programs, but the House Wounded War-rior Program is a great example of how this Congress is leading by example by creating 2-year fellowships for disabled veterans. The unemployment rate is higher for these men and women than it is for nonveterans, and disabled veterans in particular, and so this fellowship pro-gram provides a valuable job, a valu-able experience, an opportunity for these men and women to help serve their country, which is in their DNA. It is who they are. When they are done serving on the battlefield, they can come serve in our congressional offices, and it provides a great service for us. They provide the opportunity for us to have an expert on not only veterans’ issues and military issues, but many issues. They can cover a whole range of things, pro-viding better services for us and our constituents. In our legislation, the underlying bill, we increased the total number of fellowships to 85 from 54 because there is a waiting list. This is a 57 percent in-crease over the previous number. And 79 Member offices are on the waiting list right now to participate in this program, so the demand is there. We certainly know that there are many veterans who would love to serve in this capacity, and so we are excited to support this amendment putting more resources into this program, and we are going to work with the gen-tleman from Michigan to make sure that we can open up slots in a timely manner to help make sure we get these men and women into the offices so they can serve. Mr. Chairman, we support this amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. b1730 Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, I would just like to express my appreciation to Chairman Y
ODER for his support and for Ranking Member R
YANfor their bi-partisan support of this effort. It is the right thing to do. It will make a dif-ference in the work that we do and es-pecially will make a difference for those returning wounded warriors to give them a chance to start a career perhaps. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . PERRY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 115–259. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 176, line 2, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $25,436,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 473, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ERRY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, our Na-tion is $20 trillion in debt, and there might be $100 trillion or $200 trillion in unfunded liabilities. I am not sure we really know what the answer is there. But we have got to find a way to re-duce our spending and make sure that the things we are paying for are worthy and that we are getting something—we are actually getting what we are pay-ing for. I am offering an amendment to H.R. 3219 to reduce the appropriations to the Congressional Budget Office by 50.4 percent. We all know and agree the Congres-sional Budget Office is tasked with de-termining the budget and economic im-pacts of proposed legislation which are critical to our everyday decisions. Of-tentimes, they are late, and, unfortu-nately, too often they are woefully in-correct. I don’t mean to impugn the fine peo-ple who work at the CBO, but some-thing is amiss. If we keep on accepting it, how are we ever going to get our policy right? The CBO’s fiscal analysis is consist-ently incorrect, and, as a result, has detrimental implications on a variety of policies. This amendment reduces the CBO’s fiscal year ’18 appropriations by 50.4 percent which just happens to be the exact same percentage that the CBO was off when it predicted the enroll-ment numbers for the Affordable Care Act exchanges in 2016. In 2010, the CBO projected that 21 million people would enroll in the ex-change plans by 2016. The actual enroll-ment was about 10.4 million people. That is an error of 50.4 percent, Mr. Chairman. Now, maybe the CBO’s projections would have improved as the ACA con-tinued to take shape after 2010, and that seems reasonable. That is not cor-rect. That is wrong. It didn’t improve. Four years later, the CBO predicted that, from 2016, between 23 and 25 mil-lion people would receive coverage through the exchanges. In 2014, the up-dated CBO analysis projected that 24 million people would receive coverage through the exchange in 2016. However, the actual 2016 enrollment in the ACA exchanges was 10.4 million people. So it is less than half. They always predict about twice as much, or costs twice as much, and the numbers always seem to be half as much. That is a big deal. We passed the American Health Care Act in here, and I went to my townhall, and CBO is saying: well, 23 to 24 mil-lion people are going to lose their in-surance because of the American Health Care Act. Well, yes, if you use the CBO’s num-bers which based the analysis on what they projected. They don’t even look at reality. We have got the reality right now. The re-ality is 10.4 million people, not 23 and 25 million—10.4. But that is how they view this thing, and that is what we vote on here. That is a problem. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.108 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6412 July 26, 2017 
I also want to highlight the failure of the CBO to forecast the cost of the Medicaid expansion. In 2013, the CBO projected that 34 million people would be on Medicaid or CHIP in 2016; how-ever, in 2016, the CBO doubled, once again, they doubled their earlier esti-mates to 68 million people. I mean, who gets to be off by that much and still receive—it is not like there is no accountability; there isn’t any accountability, Mr. Chairman. As a result, in March of 2016, the CBO increased its projection of Federal spending for Medicaid by $146 billion. These are figures that we make deci-sions on around here. Mr. Chairman, the CBO simply must be held accountable for its consistent failure to accurately or even reason-ably predict budget and economic im-pacts of legislation. CBO is a critical contribution to our discussion and de-cisionmaking. We simply need to be able to depend on it as such. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, I have been here long enough to recog-nize that, at times, the majority party will come to some level of disagree-ment with the Congressional Budget Office. We were here during the healthcare debate, we were here during tax cuts and all kinds of different things that happened in the last 15 years that I have been here. They are not perfect, and they some-times annoy us. As I can tell from my good friend on the other side, he is in the annoyance period with the Con-gressional Budget Office. But this is an essential component to what we do here. The Congressional Budget Office sin-cerely attempts to give us the best, most accurate information that they could possibly provide us, and those es-timates change over time as cir-cumstances change over time. When you are talking about one-sixth of the entire United States economy, it is going to be difficult to give you en-tirely accurate information. But not having this essential service here, I think, would be detrimental to this Congress, detrimental to our abil-ity to even gauge and forecast into the future, and so I oppose this amendment strongly and vigorously. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Y
ARMUTH ) who I know also has a strong opinion on this matter. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong opposition to this amendment and urge my colleagues to reject it. Some Republicans in Congress and the Trump administration are engaged in a steadily escalating campaign to tear down the Congressional Budget Of-fice and anyone else who does not tell them what they want to hear. This amendment is a direct assault elimi-nating half of CBO’s budget. The CBO is our impartial referee. Its vigorous work has been indispensable for Congress as we consider legislation that impacts the lives of the American people. This amendment is not good for democracy, and it is not consistent with the principles of good govern-ment. Republicans claim to care about fis-cal responsibility, but this amendment would destroy the office we rely on to help us meet that standard. My Republican colleagues are willing to compromise the integrity of this House solely because they cannot de-fend the bill repealing the Affordable Care Act. They cannot effectively ex-plain to their constituents why they voted to leave more than 20 million Americans uninsured and dramatically increase the cost of insurance for mil-lions more. They are unable to justify cutting $1 trillion from Medicaid and jeopardizing care for seniors in nursing homes, chil-dren, and families struggling to make ends meet. What they are doing in all of this is to provide cuts for the wealthiest Americans. This amendment is a clear attempt to divert attention from that reality and to hide the truth from the Amer-ican people. It will set a dangerous precedent. As students, we would all like to grade our own papers, but we can’t do that in Congress. We have to have somebody impartial who will grade them for us and tell us what this means to our budget and to the Amer-ican people. Congress created CBO to give us our own sense of budgetary information and expertise so we would not have to rely on administration estimates. CBO improves our ability to protect the power of the purse. For more than 40 years, the CBO has steadfastly fulfilled its mission providing impartial anal-ysis and expertise to inform our deci-sionmaking. The CBO Director and all personnel are appointed to their positions with-out regard to their political affiliation, solely based on their ability and quali-fications. They show no allegiance or deference to any political ideology or party when preparing their analyses. It is all too easy these days to take refuge in information that tells us only what we want to hear. But that does not lead to sound policy. CBO does not exist to give us the information that we want to hear. Its job is to give us the information that we need to make informed, responsible decisions. It is one of few institutions in Washington that serves that role. It is beneath the Congress to attack the CBO which is only doing its job. It should be embarrassing to my Repub-lican colleagues that they are launch-ing these attacks simply because they do not have the courage to defend the damaging effects of their plan to repeal the Affordable Care Act. This needs to stop. Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, may I in-quire of the time remaining. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Pennsylvania has 1 minute re-maining. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, I don’t disagree with my colleagues on the other side. I said that. We need the CBO. We created the CBO. Congress needs to have reliable information. The problem is, it is not reliable. It is not reliable on the testimony that was just given against this amendment. That is the problem. The CBO—right now where there are 10.4 enrollees—is telling us, in 2 years, there are going to be 25 million enroll-ees. Meanwhile, there are less ex-changes open, and there are fewer in-surers available. It is not going up; it is going down. The CBO, when we say that they would reflect the current time, they absolutely don’t. That is the problem. They don’t even reflect reality when reality is right in front of them. The CBO needs to wake up. Who among us works for half the time and gets it dou-bly wrong and gets the same paycheck? The CBO. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote for this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PERRY ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NUMBER 5 OFFERED BY MR . 
GRIFFITH  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 115–259. Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division B (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. lll. The Budget Analysis Division of the Congressional Budget Office, com-prising 89 employees with annual salaries ag-gregating $15,000,000, is hereby abolished. The duties imposed by law and regulation upon the employees of that Division are hereby transferred to the Office of the Direc-tor of the Congressional Budget Office. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 473, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
RIFFITH ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.111 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6413 July 26, 2017 
Mr. Chairman, I would like to read the amendment because I think there must be some confusion on this, and it will become important later in the de-bate: ‘‘The Budget Analysis Division of the Congressional Budget Office, com-prising 89 employees with annual sala-ries aggregating $15 million is hereby abolished. The duties’’—underlined du-ties, because it is only duties—‘‘im-posed by law and regulation upon the employees of that division are hereby transferred to the Office of the Direc-tor of the Congressional Budget Of-fice.’’ That is the simple amendment, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
EADOWS ). Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Chairman, I thank my esteemed colleagues for rais-ing the issue, but it is more an issue of accuracy than anything else. As we look at this, Mr. Chairman, it is real easy to look at CBO and realize that they are the one group that makes a weatherman’s 10-day forecast look accurate. They consistently miss it all the time. When you look at the 2002 farm bill, they missed it by $137 billion. The 2008 farm bill, they missed by $309 billion. Eventually, it adds up to real money. But even with that, let’s look at the sale of 64 million barrels of oil from the Strategic Oil Reserve. They actually said that there is no income from that and that it costs the government to get rid of 64 million barrels of oil. What kind of analysis does that? So if my friend opposite wants to de-bate this over the accuracy, I welcome it. Mr. Chair, it is time that we deal with this. Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 2 minutes. Mr. Chairman, we have heard some of the problems with CBO from Mr. M
EAD-
OWS. We heard from Mr. P ERRY imme-diately before on his amendment. The CBO is meant to help Congress evaluate legislation. But I do not be-lieve the agency, as currently con-stituted, has or can do so effectively. b1745 Too often, predictions made by CBO turn out to be far off the mark. We heard about the 2002 farm bill and the 2008 farm bill from Mr. M
EADOWS . That is true, but people back home may not realize that, in fact, we don’t do a farm bill every year. We do one roughly every 5 years, sometimes a lit-tle later than that, so there have not been so many to score. One of our favorites on the Energy and Commerce Committee, on which I am pleased to serve, is the fact that, in 2015, we decided we would push forward and sell, as a nation, some broadband spectrum. CBO said zero dollars would be yielded from that sale. Now, I use this all the time when I am talking to high school students, be-cause you don’t have to be a CBO per-son living in the ivory tower that they must live in to understand that broadband spectrum has value in to-day’s society, and zero is not the right score. In the end, it brought in $44 bil-lion. When you take away the costs, it brought in a net $40 billion. CBO was wrong. CBO has overestimated on a number of things. Mr. PERRY talked about ObamaCare. But time after time after time, they have gotten things wrong. They said it cost more or didn’t save as much. In fact, I just saw, today, a report put out by Xcenda that the per-patient on-cology drug costs were 0.06 to 2.3 times lower than what CBO said they were going to be from roughly 2003 to 2013, according to that study. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is breathtaking in its completely overt vindictiveness. Some Members don’t like the calls the refs have made in games. You can have your opposition and your opinion. Here, we are trying to get the referee fired. We cannot function as a group here if we are going to continue to try to demean and criticize this very group that is trying to help us do our job. As I said a few minutes ago, the Democrats have had a long list of frus-trations with the CBO, but did we have the President, the leader of our party, and a significant number of Members of the United States Congress start bad- mouthing the CBO? We did not. We had our complaints, in all fair-ness, but we think that this group of professionals is essential to how this body functions. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACK ), the distinguished chairman of the Budget Committee, if you are not going to just believe Democrats on this issue. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise to voice my con-cerns about this amendment. I think everyone in this House has a lot of issues, as has already been talked about, with the current modeling that is used by the Congressional Budget Of-fice, and I am certainly one of these people, but this amendment is not the best way to accomplish our goal of ob-taining better information and anal-ysis from CBO. The CBO is an important organiza-tion that provides vital information that Congress does need to make the best decisions. However, the modeling and scoring methods they currently are using need to be scrutinized, especially their behavioral predictions. For example, in 2010, the CBO pro-jected that 21 million Americans would be covered by ObamaCare in 2016, when, in reality, less than 13 million Ameri-cans have actually obtained coverage. In fact, during their scoring of the House Republican healthcare plan, CBO described their own estimates, which rely on behavioral predictions, as ex-tremely uncertain. That is why the House Budget Com-mittee plans to hold a series of hear-ings this fall on CBO to gain a better understanding of their methods and how we can work to improve their abil-ity to give Congress better informa-tion, which we obviously need. As chairman of the Budget Committee, I take this responsibility very seriously, and we will approach these hearings in the pursuit of truth and accuracy so we can make laws that better serve the American people. We all realize that CBO has room for improvement, but this amendment being offered tonight is not the best way to achieve that. Instead, we need to have a deliberative discussion in the Budget Committee and amongst every-one in the House, and I look forward to doing exactly that in the coming weeks and months. Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire how much time is re-maining. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman has 2 minutes remaining. Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. NEAL), the distin-guished ranking member on the House Ways and Means Committee. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Chairman, the pre-vious speaker said: How could a group be so far off in their analysis? Well, they were that far off with the Bush tax cuts in 2001 and 2003. Alan Green-span was certainly off. In his com-mentary about economic growth, we had the slowest growth since Herbert Hoover was President, based upon $2.3 trillion worth of tax cuts. So this is analysis. It is an economic forecast. It is not an algorithm. When you pick up the computer, you push a button, and all of a sudden you get a score. I am in opposition to this amend-ment because they play a vital role every single day, even when they are not entirely accurate, in keeping a scorecard. Members and staff on both sides, particularly at the Ways and Means Committee, rely much upon their hardworking and nonpartisan analysis for what they do every day. I have never, in 29 years in this House, said to a member of CBO: Are you a Republican or are you a Demo-crat? When we demean professional achievement from economists who try and strive every single day to come up with an accurate forecast, we do this institution no good. We should have a high regard for what these people do every single day—and let me say this, by the way, more accurate than the Of-fice of Management and Budget, in my recollection, who work for Presidents and who, generally, didn’t come up 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.114 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6414 July 26, 2017 
with forecasts that Presidents might or might not like. The CBO is an independent agency and we need to keep it here. Congress could not do its work without the CBO. As T
IMRYANsaid a few moments ago, this is the equivalent of let’s beat up the referee after we don’t like the out-come of the soccer game. Let’s jump the referee and tell him: You better go back in and change the score so that we might meet, perhaps, popular poll-ing forecasts, which I also might tell you, based on what happened in No-vember, weren’t so good, either, for all of us. Regardless of what political party we are Members of, we should have regard for this House of Representatives and the independent role that CBO offers. Chairman K
EVIN BRADY stands with me on this. Leave the CBO alone. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman from Ohio has expired. Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Chair, as the designee of Ranking Member L
OWEY , I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ). Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding. As one of the three co-chairs of the Blue Dog Coalition, a group of Demo-crats committed to bringing our Na-tion’s deficit and debt under control, I rise in opposition to this amendment. This amendment would, in fact, eliminate the division in the CBO area. Frankly, it serves, as we all know, a valuable role as a nonpartisan adviser to Congress on the costs and tradeoffs on legislation and the budget of the United States. Although you don’t see these folks on TV every day, the CBO staff consists of professionals who put facts and trans-parency first. Forecasting the eco-nomic impacts of legislation is com-plicated, and no estimate will ever be perfect, let’s face that. The CBO, though, is transparent about that. That said, estimates provided by the CBO are objective and are based on facts and transparent calculations. The staff who make these estimates up aren’t swayed by the political rhetoric on either side of the spectrum on the House floor, and that is what law-makers need in order to govern respon-sibly. Without the CBO, lawmakers in Washington would be flying blind, de-veloping major legislation without knowing what the real consequences are. Just like you wouldn’t drive a car while blindfolded, you shouldn’t be vot-ing on legislation without knowing the real costs, intended or unintended. After all, these are taxpayer dollars. This amendment is dangerous for our Nation, and there is no other way to describe it. As a society, one must ac-cept facts as they are, whether the facts are in our favor or not. Facts are facts, I guess, unless you believe in al-ternative facts. In fact, CBO acts as an umpire for us here in Congress, calling balls and strikes as best it can. You may not like the call, you may not like the strike zone, you may think it is simply wrong, but you don’t attack the um-pire. That is what this is: attacking the umpire because you don’t like the call. If you attack the umpire, why don’t you improve your game? At the end of the day, what we are talking about here is taxpayer dollars. We need to keep the Congressional Budget Office intact, and I oppose this legislation, as do all of the Blue Dogs. Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ). Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I, too, rise in strong opposition to this mean- spirited amendment. This attack on the integrity and pro-fessionalism of the Congressional Budget Office is shameful and is part of a strategic assault on the objectivity and expertise in our civil service. With this amendment, the Repub-licans are seeking to punish the non-partisan CBO because they don’t agree with their finding regarding the Repub-lican plan to replace ObamaCare. I understand that, for Republicans and the Trump administration, it is an inconvenient truth that 23 million Americans would lose coverage under their plan, but just because you are losing the game doesn’t mean you can fire the refs. Partisan talking points cannot replace unbiased analysis. Let’s not forget the CBO’s Director was appointed by a Republican Speaker and praised effusively by then-Budget chairman and current Secretary of Health and Human Services, Tom Price. Mr. Chairman, I represent more Fed-eral employees than any other Member of the House. Most of these 89 positions at the CBO that this amendment seeks to eliminate are my constituents. It is simply unacceptable that we somehow suggest that they and others in the civil service are not honest. The choice to pursue this political attack on the CBO through the so- called Holman rule should concern every Member of Congress. Back in January, when Republicans passed their rules package enabling Members to target individual Federal employees and their pay, I warned that the Hol-man rule would be abused and used as a way to politically target civil serv-ants. That is exactly what we are see-ing today. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, let me just say quickly again and reiterate that we are living in a world now where facts are trying to be diminished, science is trying to be diminished, and we rely on these professionals to give us as accurate information as we can possibly obtain at the time from the professionals that are in this office. We rely on this office very much to make the decisions that we make here that have such great importance. While they are not always perfect, I think they always put forth a good product for us. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, we have heard from our colleagues on the other side of the aisle that we ought to trust the CBO, that the referee should be taken at their word and that they are doing the best they can. But let’s look at this amendment. The CBO scored it, and they said: CBO estimates that your amendment would have no net effect on budget authority or outlays in fiscal year 2018. 
No net effect. Who here actually be-lieves that eliminating 89 positions, as the gentleman from Virginia, my friend, just said it is going to affect his people, who believes that 89 people being eliminated and $15 million in ag-gregate salaries has no net effect on budget authority or outlays? I don’t think any of us believe that. So here is the conundrum that my friends have on the other side of this issue: a ‘‘yes’’ vote means that you agree with me that something needs to be reformed at CBO; a ‘‘no’’ vote means that you agree with CBO’s assessment that this amendment abolishing 89 em-ployees will have no effect. Therefore, I would submit to you that the CBO has, in effect, determined that their budget analysis division has no value. There-fore, if you actually support CBO, you must vote ‘‘present.’’ Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues to join me with a ‘‘yes,’’ and let’s start the reform at CBO so we can get accu-rate numbers. If you don’t agree with this reform, I ask that you vote ‘‘present,’’ or else you, too, are agree-ing with the CBO that the budget anal-ysis division has no value. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chair, I have great re-spect for gentlemen who offered this amend-ment. They are my colleagues, and they are my friends. Mr. M
EADOWS and I work very closely to-gether on the Government Operations Sub-committee. He is my Chairman, and he knows I value his collaboration. Mr. G
RIFFITH is a fellow Virginian, and I have the pleasure of serving on committees with Mr. J
ORDAN (OGR) and Mr. P ERRY  (HFAC). And that is why it especially pains me to say this. But this amendment, which uses the dis-graceful Holman Rule to eviscerate the Con-gressional Budget Office’s Budget Analysis Di-vision, is so transparent and so cynical it makes me want to weep. This amendment would punish the Congres-sional Budget Office for exposing the House Republican repeal of the Affordable Care Act as a cruel bill that would deprive 23 million Americans of healthcare. CBO is being retaliated against for the ear-nest work it conducted on the Trump Budget, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.116 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6415 July 26, 2017 
which demonstrated that the president’s budg-et misrepresents deficit projections by $2.3 tril-lion. This amendment says facts don’t matter anymore. And that is something to mourn. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. G
RIFFITH ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia will be postponed. b1800 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . CICILLINE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 6 printed in House Report 115–259. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 176, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $100,000) (increased by $100,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 473, the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Rhode Island. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chairman, my amendment to H.R. 3219 will help en-sure that buildings such as the Capitol and the House and Senate office build-ings have adequate baby changing ta-bles. Last year, this Congress passed into law my legislation called the BABIES Act requiring that both male and fe-male restrooms in many public build-ings be equipped with baby changing facilities that are physically safe, sani-tary, and appropriate. That legislation ensures that there are appropriate and sanitary facilities for parents and caretakers to change the diapers of infants and toddlers in publicly accessible Federal buildings controlled by the General Services Ad-ministration. In the same vein, I was pleased that the Legislative Branch Subcommittee included report language in its fiscal year 2017 bill recognizing the impor-tance of providing designated baby changing stations for members of the public who visited the Capitol complex and encouraging the Architect of the Capitol to take steps to provide baby changing stations at easily accessible locations. I want to thank my colleagues on the Appropriations Committee and Chair-man Y
ODER for their support of these efforts. My amendment today to H.R. 3219 would similarly encourage the con-struction of safe, appropriate, and sani-tary baby changing stations in Federal public buildings controlled by the Ar-chitect of the Capitol such as the Cap-itol complex, the House, and Senate of-fice buildings, the Botanic Gardens, and the Library of Congress. With more than 20 million visitors coming to Washington, D.C., each year, families are often surprised by the lack of adequate baby changing facilities in public buildings. Currently, there are only nine baby changing stations in the House office buildings, none of which are in the Rayburn Building, where my office is located. That means that when Rhode Island families who come to visit my office have to try to find a changing station, they go all the way to Cannon or Longworth, or they have to decide to change their baby on the bathroom floor, which is a terrible option. It is not sanitary either for the parents or for the children. Access to these changing stations in restrooms in Federal buildings will help in protecting the health and safe-ty of children at a very de minimus cost, about $200 per changing station. This nominal amount will go a very long way to encouraging a family- friendly environment and ensuring the safety and comfort of our constituents who visit us. And I want to again thank Chairman YODER and Ranking Member R YAN for their support of this amendment, and I look forward to working with them to help ensure that our constituents are able to have a safe and enjoyable visit to our beautiful Capitol buildings. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. R
YAN), the ranking member. Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Let me just say briefly that I support this amendment. Making the Capitol complex and other buildings in the leg-islative branch more family friendly is an important priority. People come here from all over the country to meet with us, to see the sights, and to wit-ness democracy in action. If you have traveled far and wide with your family like I have, you know how much of a difference that it would make even for a brief part of your day, like the inevitability of having to change a diaper. This amendment will make it a little bit easier. So this is just a very thoughtful, practical pro- family amendment, and I encourage all of our colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. Y
ODER ). Mr. YODER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Rhode Island. I, too, support the gentleman’s ef-forts here, and, as a supporter of the BABIES Act, last year, H.R. 5147, I am happy to report, because of the lan-guage we included with the Architect of the Capitol last year, they presented a plan, which they are going to move forward with, which will install addi-tional baby changing stations around campus, 54 of which will be going into House Office Buildings. And as a father of two little girls, I have used these changing tables myself in restrooms from time to time, as Mr. RYAN has. I know he has got a young son. And so we know how important these are and how families, when they need to make a change, they need to make a change. They need to have a space to do that. So we need to be family friendly here in the U.S. Capitol and in our House Office Buildings, and so I thank the gentleman for raising this important issue. It deserves attention. I will be happy to continue to work with the gentleman, as well as the Architect of the Capitol, to ensure that adequate number of changing stations are in-stalled around the Capitol complex for families, for the 9 million visitors that come to this Capitol every year, that many of those have families with young children, that they are able to, as well as the Members of Congress like Mr. R
YANand ourselves and many oth-ers who have young children, use these changing stations as well. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. R
ODNEY  D
AVIS of Illinois). The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . TAKANO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 7 printed in House Report 115–259. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division B (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. lll. There is appropriated, for sala-ries and expenses of the Office of Technology Assessment as authorized by the Technology Assessment Act of 1972 (2 U.S.C. 471 et seq.) $2,500,000, to be derived from a reduction of $2,647,000 in the amount provided in this Act for the item for ‘‘Architect of the Capitol, Capital Construction and Operations’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 473, the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chair, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of my amendment, which would restore funding to the Office of Technology As-sessment, or otherwise known as OTA. I would like to thank my cosponsors, Representatives Esty, Foster, Lan-gevin, Lieu, and Lujan. The foundation for good policy is ac-curate and objective analysis, and, for more than two decades, the OTA set that foundation by providing relevant, unbiased technical and scientific as-sessments for Members of Congress and staff. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.035 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6416 July 26, 2017 
But in 1995, the OTA was defunded, stripping Congress of a valuable re-source to understand both emerging technologies as well as the nuances of the legislative process. In its absence, the need for OTA has only grown. Many of the issues OTA studied 20 years ago are even more pressing today. Antibiotic resistant bacteria, elec-tronic surveillance in the digital age, and testing in America’s schools, these are the complex challenges our Nation will continue to face, and Congress should have access to the thorough and insightful analysis OTA can provide. Investing in the OTA now will actu-ally save us money in the future. In the last year it operated, the OTA’s budget was $23 million, but its studies on the synthetic fuels corporation saved tax-payers tens of billions of dollars. Our amendment restores a modest $2.5 mil-lion to the OTA account for salaries and expenses to begin rebuilding the of-fice. The cost is offset by a reduction to the Architect of the Capitol’s construc-tion and operations account. This ad-ministrative account will not take re-sources from specific construction projects. Mr. Chair, a great surgeon does not operate without modern tools, a mas-ter chef does not cook without fresh in-gredients, and Members of Congress should not make policy decisions with-out relevant and unbiased information. And with that in mind, I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amend-ment, to restore funding to the Office of Technology Assessment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. YODER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. P
ERRY ). The gentleman from Kansas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. YODER. Mr. Chairman, I appre-ciate my good friend and colleague and co-chair of the Deaf Caucus, Mr. T
AKANO from California, for bringing this amendment, and unfortunately, I cannot support it, Mr. Chairman, and we would ask that the body reject it. You know, Congress terminated fund-ing for the Office of Technology Assess-ment in 1995, so some 22 years ago, but it is back from the dead to be here on the floor today to be reestablished. At one point, funding totaled over $20 million for the Office of Technology Assessment, but Congress did one of the things it has attempted to do in many areas, which is try to consolidate government, make government more efficient, make it do more with less, and so they transferred the functions from the Office of Technology Assess-ment over to the GAO. We have heard debate on this floor within the last hour about the value of the GAO and the great work they do and how the GAO is a trustworthy or-ganization and how it is important that we continue to fund them, yet, in this instance, they want to take these responsibilities away from the GAO. In fact, in fiscal year 2008, a perma-nent technology assessment function within the GAO was established by a recommendation from the Senate Com-mittee on Appropriations. They allo-cate at least $2.5 million per year to technology assessment, and they have established the capability to produce technology assessments in many areas. They have hired scientists, engineers, and other technical specialists to re-spond to congressional requests. They produce three to four technology as-sessment reports each year. The GAO uses its technical staff to support other reports for Congress that have tech-nology implications, such as privacy and vulnerability of computer compo-nents in cars. The GAO receives three to four re-quests per year specifically for tech-nology assessments, and many others have a technology as an aspect. They have been able to testify on these topics recently on the Zika virus and on transfer of technologies devel-oped with Federal research funds to the marketplace. They provide thorough and balanced analysis of critical tech-nological innovations that affect our society, the environment, and the economy. And so creating another Federal agency that is going to require addi-tional resources and to have it offset from investment in capital projects, to me, is the wrong direction. I think, in current law, we have more than enough resources heading in this direction. Taxpayers are counting on us to find ways to spend less money, to keep pro-grams efficient, and so the idea that we create a new agency that has been gone for 20 years today and fund it for mil-lions of dollars, to me, is inconsistent with the values we all, I think, espouse about making government more effi-cient, more effective. Mr. Chairman, with that, I would op-pose the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California has 2
1⁄2minutes re-maining. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illi-nois (Mr. F
OSTER ), a member of the Science Committee and also a physi-cist. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Chair, I thank my friend from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) and my colleagues, Representatives E
STY, LANGEVIN , LIEU, and L UJAN for cosponsoring this amendment. Our amendment would provide $2.5 million to revive the Office of Tech-nology Assessment to provide Congress with unbiased, timely, and nonpartisan reports on a wide range of issues in science and technology. This office is no less necessary today than when it was first started in 1972, or when it was defunded in 1995. As technology continues to advance at an increasingly rapid pace and our par-tisan divide seems to grow deeper, Con-gress needs this now more than ever. The OTA did important work in a number of areas, but I would like to highlight just one of those areas in par-ticular. One of the last recommendations the OTA made was that the U.S. should move rapidly to computerized health records and that standards should be put in place to ensure what we now call interoperability. Had we heeded this advice rather than defunding the OTA, we could have saved hundreds of billions of dollars of taxpayer money and saved hundreds of thousands of American lives by ensur-ing accurate, up-to-date patient data that was accessible regardless of where the patient turned up for care. This also could have helped slow or prevent the opioid epidemic by ensur-ing that patients would not be able to doctor shop to acquire numerous opioid prescriptions. While we cannot slow down the rapid pace of technology, we can give our country back an important and proven tool. So I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this amendment to restore this vital source of credible, non-partisan scientific expertise to the U.S. Congress. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chair, I reiterate my support for the Office of Tech-nology Assessment. Congress does not suffer from a lack of information, but it does suffer from a lack of trusted in-formation to help make wise policy de-cisions. Today, we do need the Office of Tech-nology Assessment more than ever. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MS . SHEA - 
PORTER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 8 printed in House Report 115–259. Ms. SHEA-PORTER. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division B (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. lll. None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to mail any mass mailing (as defined in subparagraph (E) of section 3210(a)(6) of title 39, United States Code) which is larger than 4
1⁄4inches high x 6 inches long x 0.016 inches thick. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 473, the gentlewoman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.122 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6417 July 26, 2017 
from New Hampshire (Ms. S HEA-POR-
TER) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from New Hampshire. Ms. SHEA-PORTER. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chair, my amendment is simple and straightforward. It would change the way our official taxpayer-funded mass mailings to constituents look by limiting the mailer to the size of a standard postcard. As Members of Congress, it is our job to set the standard for responsible stewardship of taxpayer funds, and public resources should not be spent on excessive campaign-style mailers. b1815 A significant part of our duties as elected representatives is to keep our constituents informed about what we are doing in our offices. I support mass mailings to our constituents, but we can keep them informed by sending a simple postcard, without all of the glitz and gloss. Also, when official mail looks like campaign mailers, people are more likely to toss it out, thereby defeating the very purpose of informing our con-stituents. Our official mail should not look like campaign ads or junk mail. Our constituents don’t want large mailers. They just want information. This amendment delivers. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. YODER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Kansas is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. YODER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the gentlewoman from New Hampshire’s amendment on post-card sizes, primarily because this issue has yet to go through any sort of proc-ess. We don’t have information on the floor to know how this would affect Member offices. It has not gone through the Franking Commission or come before our committee, so I don’t think it is ready for consideration and debate. Franked mailings of standard post-card size currently only account for roughly 10 percent of the total franked mailings that Members send. This amendment would prohibit Members from sending mass mailings on their own letterhead. They wouldn’t be able to send printed newsletters, fliers, let-ters, or regular or large postcards, among others. I think it would really have a dra-matic impact on the ability of Mem-bers of Congress to communicate with their constituents. They wouldn’t be able to send them a letter or they wouldn’t be able to send them a news-letter. I certainly am about saving money and about making government more ef-ficient, but this idea, I think, is not ready for prime time. I appreciate my colleague from New Hampshire bring-ing it forward, but I can’t support it at this point, and I would oppose it. Mr. Chairman, I yield as much time as he consume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS). Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, the Franking Commission, of which I am the chairman, is a bipar-tisan commission made up of an equal number of members from both parties that approve all the franking and mail-ing materials that go out. We were not contacted by the gentlewoman from New Hampshire about this amendment, and that is one reason I am opposed. There are a number of reasons why I am opposed to the amendment, the chief of which this amendment is going to negatively impact two very large constituencies—people in rural Amer-ica that I serve, and many of us serve, and also areas where there is not ready access to electronic communications. Many Americans who don’t have access to electronic communications will be the most affected by the fact that Members of Congress cannot contact their constituents via mail. By limiting how Members can com-municate with their constituents, Members may be more likely to make mistakes and violate the franking rules. We want to make sure that the franking rules work. Currently, post-cards, communications that are 4
1⁄2by 6, the size mandated by this amend-ment, as Chairman Y
ODER said, make up only 10 percent of all postal mail communications. This amendment would severely limit what many Members, both Re-publicans and Democrats, are able to do. By reducing the size of any mailer to a postcard, Members of Congress of both parties wouldn’t even be able to communicate via letterhead in a mass mailing, so this is an amendment that I oppose. Mr. YODER. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SHEA-PORTER. Mr. Chairman, while I certainly appreciate my col-leagues’ opinions on this and I recog-nize that it is not a perfect solution, I don’t think that this is a surprise. We certainly have heard from our constituents, pretty much every elec-tion cycle, when they start talking about all the mass mailings they are receiving, with many pictures and lots of ideas about what has been accom-plished by the incumbent in office. It has been around for a while. Like I said, I do appreciate it, but they are still able to mail directly to a response from their colleagues or from any of their constituents. The reality is that most people are not looking at just a postcard in this world. They do look online. I under-stand what you are talking about. I have rural areas as well. They look on-line. Also, they can receive a number of other correspondence from us. It does not in any way impact the correspond-ence when they write to us. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. YODER. Mr. Chairman, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY  D
AVIS). Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, again, I wish our colleague would have gone through the process. If she would come to the Franking Commission, we would be glad to take her ideas into consideration. But this amendment severely limits the ability of Members of Congress to reach out to their constituents. Mem-bers would not be able to send a mailer on official letterhead. Members who budgeted their funds wisely and printed postcards that they then send to their Members that might not fit this size would be a waste of taxpayer dollars because they would not be able to use those. Also, under this amendment, many end-of-the-year communications that my colleague has sent from her office herself would not be eligible under this amendment right now. So let’s make sure that we have a discussion at the Franking Commission level. We would enjoy debating this issue with Members, Republicans and Democrats, who equally make up the Franking Commission. We would like to take your concerns into consider-ation, but give us a chance to do that. I urge my colleague to do that in the future. Mr. Chairman, again, I oppose this amendment. Mr. YODER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. S
HEA-PORTER ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . RUSSELL  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 9 printed in House Report 115–259. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division B (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. lll. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used to deliver a printed copy of the Federal Register to the office of a Member of the House of Rep-resentatives (including a Delegate or Resi-dent Commissioner to the Congress), unless a printed copy is requested by the Member (or Delegate or Resident Commissioner). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 473, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
USSELL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, this amendment, which restructures the way the Federal Register is distributed to Members’ of-fices, will save approximately $1 mil-lion annually. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.125 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6418 July 26, 2017 
The Federal Register contains a large amount of information, including pro-posed rules and public notices, regula-tions, executive orders, and Presi-dential documents. This information is compiled by the great folks at the Na-tional Archives, and published daily by the Government Printing Office, or the GPO. Since 1994, the GPO began publishing the Federal Register online. To im-prove the user experience, the digital version has been enhanced over time and is now fully searchable and downloadable, and is the preferred method that staff and Members use the Register, making for quick access to any document. Sadly, despite these advances in technology, Members of Congress still receive printed copies of the Federal Register every day. This results in thousands of copies going directly into the trash, costing taxpayers $1 million annually. Put another way, Mr. Chair-man, this means that approximately 96 Americans have to work all year long and pay their taxes so that we can put these Federal Registers in the trash. This amendment simply prevents the distribution of printed copies to Mem-bers’ offices, unless the Member opts in to receiving a copy. Digital copies are already daily distributed. This amendment is in line with H.R. 195, a bill I introduced, which passed this House unanimously without any opposition, and was cosponsored by Mr. C
ONNOLLY of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment so that we can now make it law. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. YODER. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, although I am not op-posed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. R
ODNEY  D
AVIS of Illinois). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kan-sas? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Kansas is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. YODER. Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague from Oklahoma (Mr. R
US-
SELL) for continuing the tradition that he and others, particularly in Okla-homa, for some reason, have focused on cutting out government waste, finding sometimes small things, sometimes big things, and all things in between that we can reduce, cut, or eliminate that saves taxpayers’ money. Mr. Chair, $1 million is big money in States like Kansas and Oklahoma and across the country. It is real dollars to the people who get up and pay their taxes to this country. There are too many million-dollar expenditures that happen in this government that are overlooked and unnecessary because they are not maybe big enough for folks here to take time to pay atten-tion to. What Mr. R
USSELL is doing today is standing up for fiscal responsibility, for efficiency of government, and for helping the environment. This is wast-ed printed paper that is unnecessary. I think it is a good government measure that will help modernize and make our government more efficient and effec-tive. It is consistent with what this House has already done when it passed H.R. 195 earlier, which bars the distribution of the Federal Register to congres-sional offices and Federal agencies. That is in the Senate being marked up, maybe even today. This is a smart amendment. It is the kind of thing that we need to keep doing more of to save money for tax-payers. Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. RUSSELL  for his work, and I ask my colleagues to support the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Chairman, I ap-preciate my colleague from Kansas for his kind remarks. I also appreciate the colleagues from the other side of the aisle who have shown continued sup-port for this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
USSELL ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 10 printed in House Report 115–259. 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MR . BERGMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 11 printed in House Report 115–259. Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 219, line 16, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(decreased by $30,000,000)’’. Page 226, line 1, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $30,000,000)’’. Page 226, line 8, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $30,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 473, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ERGMAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Chairman, ad-vances in technology have given us the opportunity to increase access and streamline processes for veterans not only in the First District and across Michigan, but across the country. That said, we must ensure that technology is an asset and not an added burden to veterans, as it has been within the VA. The Department of Veterans Affairs IT landscape has been the primary topic of hearings within the House Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee, due to its ever-expanding modernization timeline for outdated systems and lack of inter-operability within and outside the De-partment. The solution is undisputed. The VA must modernize its IT systems or con-tinue to face uphill struggles in timely claims and appeals processing, commu-nity care, scheduling, and financial management. Earlier this week, the House Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee received an update from Secretary Shulkin that shows a continued lack of planning and implementation of its data center opti-mization program, an issue which was initially pointed out by the GAO dur-ing a hearing back in February. With all this in mind, I was under-standably troubled when I saw the un-derlying bill provided $52 million less for IT development and modernization than last year’s appropriation. I understand that cuts need to be made, and that this bill aims to ad-dress other issues plaguing the VA, but it is imperative I make this point to the chairman and the ranking member. Our veterans deserve immediate ac-cess to care and timely adjudication of their disability claims from an effi-cient, effective Department of Vet-erans Affairs. This simply cannot hap-pen until the VA addresses the woeful state of its IT systems. I ask that the chairman, the ranking member, and the rest of the House Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee work with me to address this issue going forward. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time, and I withdraw my amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. b1830 Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, as the designee of the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN ), I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. P
OCAN ). Mr. POCAN. Mr. Chair, I have a ques-tion for the chairman of the MILCON Committee about the language in his committee report regarding colorectal cancer screening in the VA. Mr. Chairman, in his report, Mr. D
ENT encourages the VA to increase colorectal cancer screening in the De-partment of Veterans Affairs. In the other body, they have language that di-rects the VA to offer each one of the seven approaches for screening that are currently approved by the United States Preventive Services Task Force and are more closely aligned with other Federal health programs. Can I assume that the intention is the same and the efforts are aimed at urging the VA to offer all of the ap-proved methods of screening? Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, the gentleman from Wisconsin is correct. It is our in-tention to urge the VA to offer all of the approved methods of screening. Mr. POCAN. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for that clarification. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.128 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6419 July 26, 2017 
Mr. DENT. I yield back the balance of my time. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . 
DENT OF PENNSYLVANIA  
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, pursuant to section 3 of House Resolution 473, as the designee of the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN ), I offer amendments en bloc. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. Amendments en bloc No. 1 consisting of amendment Nos. 12, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 22, 25, and 26 printed in House Report 115–259, offered by Mr. D
ENTof Pennsyl-vania: 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MR . BARR OF  
KENTUCKY  Page 219, line 16, after the dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. Page 225, line 6, after the dollar amount in-sert the following: ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MR . KIHUEN OF  
NEVADA  Page 220, line 22, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,031,808,000) (increased by $1,031,808,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MR . BEYER OF  
VIRGINIA  Page 220, line 22, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,500,000) (increased by $2,500,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MS . MICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM OF NEW MEXICO  Page 220, line 22, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000) (increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MR . NORCROSS  
OF NEW JERSEY  Page 220, line 22, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 18 OFFERED BY MR . KEATING OF  
MASSACHUSETTS  Page 221, line 25, after the dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 22 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE OF TEXAS  At the end of division C (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. The amounts otherwise provided by this Act are revised by reducing the amount made available for ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs—Departmental Administra-tion—Information Technology Services’’ (and the amount specified under such head-ing for operations and maintenance), and by increasing the amount made available in fis-cal year 2018 for ‘‘Veterans Health Adminis-tration—Medical Services’’, by $2,500,000 and $2,000,000, respectively. 
AMENDMENT NO . 25 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE OF TEXAS  At the end of division C (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs in contravention of sub-chapter III of chapter 20 of title 38, United States Code. 
AMENDMENT NO . 26 OFFERED BY MR . CONNOLLY  
OF VIRGINIA  At the end of division C (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to charge a veteran a fee for a veterans identification card pursu-ant to section 5706(c) of title 38, United States Code, if the veteran uses form DD–214 to apply for the identification card and indi-cates on the form that the veteran is ‘‘home-less’’. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 473, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. D
ENT) and the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ ) each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, these amend-ments have been made in order by the rule allowing consideration of H.R. 3219, and their inclusion in the en bloc has been agreed to by both sides. I support the adoption of the en bloc package, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of this amend-ment and support the en bloc amend-ments. I appreciate the chairman’s in-clusion of amendments from Demo-cratic Members. The amendments included range from therapy grants to combating opioid abuse. These amendments will deliver better care to our veterans. The minority has no objection to this amendment, and I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the en bloc amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, I have no fur-ther speakers on the amendments en bloc, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ). Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chair, my amend-ment would direct the Vet Centers to use $2.5 million of the additional fund-ing allocated in the underlying bill to provide outdoor experiences for vet-erans as part of their continuum of care. This program would support vet-erans in developing a community of support to treat combat-related inju-ries, especially those related to their behavioral health. The Vet Centers are uniquely posi-tioned for the collaboration and devel-opment of alternative and supple-mental approaches. We know that tra-ditional mental health services are un-derutilized by veterans, but a 2014 Uni-versity of Texas study found that, after just a one-week-long Outward Bound veterans wilderness expedition, those veterans who participated showed clinically significant improvements in mental health variables like sense of social connection and attitudes to-wards seeking psychological help. They also showed important decreases in de-pression and anxiety. The Senate Appropriations Com-mittee has already included the same language in their version of the MILCON-Veterans Administration Ap-propriations bill. Mr. Chair, I encourage my colleagues to support this amendment. I am very grateful to the chairman of the sub-committee for including this in the en bloc amendments because it will enable Vet Centers to explore alternative ave-nues for engaging veterans in a sup-portive environment to help with both mental health and readjustment to ci-vilian life. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. NOR-
CROSS ). Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ ) for yielding and to my colleagues for including this amendment en bloc. Mr. Chair, this amendment addresses the ongoing and, unfortunately, grow-ing opioid epidemic in our commu-nities. There are 60,000 overdose deaths each year. I am vice chair of the Bipartisan Task Force to Combat the Heroin Epi-demic. We are looking for ways to ad-dress this issue. It is a complex issue, and we want to take a variety of ac-tions to help those suffering from the disease of addiction. Veterans with post-traumatic stress disorder, PTSD, are at increased risk of abusing opioids according to the AMA, the American Medical Association. Many brave men and women who serve come back with what is described as in-visible wounds. We know they are not invisible. We see it every day. I have spoken to those veterans who live in my community who suffer from PTSD and, unfortunately, from the disease of addiction. My amendment would set aside $5 million for the National Center for PTSD to study the connection between addiction and PTSD. Our veterans are suffering, and this investment will help them. Let’s get to the bottom of the connection between PTSD and opioid abuse. It is a simple but necessary way to address the epidemic. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chair, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gen-tleman from Nevada (Mr. K
IHUEN ), who has been a passionate advocate to im-prove services to his rural commu-nities. Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Chair, I thank the ranking member and the chairman for accepting my amendment. Mr. Chairman, veterans have made an incredible sacrifice for our country, and they deserve the highest quality treatment and care when they return to their civilian lives. The Department of Veterans Affairs has the obligation to provide critical services to veterans and ensure that America’s veterans have access to high-quality and affordable healthcare in their communities. Recently, the VA decided not to renew its contract with the Ely Com-munity Clinic in my district, and it is forcing veterans in Ely and the sur-rounding communities to rely solely on the Choice Program to access care. We owe it to our veterans not to use the Choice Program as a crutch, but to make the proper investment in the healthcare of our veterans and the healthcare that they deserve. Veterans 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.132 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6420 July 26, 2017 
have already fought for their country. They shouldn’t have to fight to keep their VA clinic in Ely. The intention behind my amendment is to remind the VA that they have the responsibility to continue operating the healthcare clinic in Ely, Nevada, and to emphasize the importance of continuing to provide care in rural communities across the country. The Choice Program was not in-tended to allow the VA to shirk its re-sponsibility for certain veterans; in-stead, it was supposed to help veterans who have nowhere else to turn. I was sent to Congress by the people of the Fourth Congressional District to fight for Nevada’s veterans, and I will continue fighting to ensure that vet-erans in rural Nevada and communities across the country do not lose access to the VA and make sure that they re-ceive the healthcare that they have earned and deserve. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, thank you for this opportunity to briefly explain Jackson Lee Amendment No. 22. Before I begin, let me express my apprecia-tion and thanks to my good friends, Chairman D
ENT and Ranking Member W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ for their hard and constructive work in shepherding this important legislation to the floor. Chairman D
ENTand I worked together con-structively for many years on the Homeland Security Committee and he has always distin-guished himself as one of the most bipartisan members of the House. And Ranking Member W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ  has for years been one of the ablest Members of this body; I thank them both for their com-mitment to the important work of ensuring that our veterans receive the care and support they have earned from a grateful nation. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 22 makes a modest but important improvement to the bill by increasing the amount of funding for the ‘‘Supportive Services for Veterans’ Families’’ account by $2 million, offset by a reduction of $2.5 million to the $4 billion allocated to the VA’s ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ ac-count. Today, in our country, there are approxi-mately 107,000 veterans (male and female) who are homeless on any given night. And perhaps twice as many (200,000) expe-rience homelessness at some point during the course of a year. The VA’s ‘‘Supportive Services for Veterans’ Families’’ Program helps veterans; and their families, who may have fallen on hard times or hit a rough patch in life and need a little help from the country they selflessly risked their life to defend. Homeless veterans or veterans facing homelessness who have minor age children are in need of special programs that allow for housing that welcomes children. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 22 will enable this vital program to serve more veterans’ fam-ilies in need of help by providing a bit more funding for grants to private non-profit organi-zations and consumer cooperatives that pro-vide supportive services to very low-income veteran families living in or transitioning to per-manent housing. The SSVF Program ensures that eligible veteran families receive the outreach, case management, and assistance in obtaining VA and other benefits. These services may include health care, daily living, legal services, fiduciary and payee services, personal financial planning, child care, transportation, housing counseling. The SSVF Program enables VA staff and local homeless service providers to work to-gether to effectively address the unique chal-lenges that make it difficult for some veterans and their families to remain stably housed. Many homeless veterans, including in my own state of Texas, lack housing because they lost their job or could no longer afford rent; many suffer from an untreated mental ill-ness that keeps them from working. Every day the SSVF program makes a real difference in the lives of real people. Veterans like the Air Force veteran who, hoping to utilize the skills he learned in the service, instead bounced from job to job after being discharged and found himself sleeping at night on the cold cement under a bridge in Chicago. Through the Thresholds Veterans Project, funded through the SSVF, this hero received steady community service support and eventu-ally was placed in his own studio apartment. He now says, in his own words: ‘‘I have a home. I enjoy bein’ inside.’’ Veterans like the one in Texas who because he lost his job at a manufacturing plant and was unable to pay the bills, was forced to seek shelter for himself and his family at a homeless shelter. Fortunately, the homeless shelter was a SSVF grantee and was able to assist the vet-eran obtain employment and his family in se-curing affordable low-cost housing. There are thousands of similar success sto-ries made possible by the SSVF Program that I could share but all of them share a common theme: they involve veterans who served their country proudly, fell down on their luck, picked themselves back up, and found affordable and sustainable housing for their families because of the assistance and support made possible by the SSVF program. Ensuring that veterans have a place of their own to call home is the very least we can do. I urge my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee Amendment and commit ourselves to the hard but necessary work of ending veteran homelessness in America. I urge my colleagues to support Jackson Lee Amendment No. 22. 
‘‘HEROISM KNOWS NO GENDER ’’ Liz (Names and some identifying informa-tion have been changed to protect confiden-tiality) is an Army Veteran and a single mom. After losing her job, she struggled to pay the rent and provide for her daughter. Liz’s landlord said she had always been an excellent tenant but his patience was wear-ing thin as her rent arrears continued to in-crease. Disheartened with a fruitless job search and unsure of where else to turn, Liz came to the Veterans Outreach Center (VOC). She was immediately connected with a Case Manager, an Employment Specialist, an Accredited State Veterans Benefits Coun-selor, and the SSVF team. In order to avoid the immediate crisis of homelessness, the Services To Enable Posi-tive Solutions (S.T.E.P.S) program at the VOC paid Liz’s rent arrears, which had esca-lated to an amount that was insurmount-able. Within a few short days of connecting with the team at VOC, Liz had a job inter-view that resulted in full-time, meaningful employment. In less than a week, she had a benefits review with an on-site counselor from the New York State Division of Vet-erans Affairs during which she applied for an increase in disability compensation. The payment of Liz’s back rent allowed her and her daughter to keep a roof over their head. With a roof over their heads and their living situation stabilized, Liz was able to focus on her employment and securing her benefits, which are both components of an Individual Development Plan (IDP) that will help Liz sustain permanent housing in the future. The VOC was able to stabilize Liz and her daughter while concurrently providing the supportive services necessary for her to maintain permanent housing. The temporary financial assistance was delivered to the landlord in a timely, efficient manner with the help of a S.T.E.P.S collaborative partner. Through coordinated case management, the aforementioned supportive services were pro-vided quickly and effectively. The longterm result of this effort is yet to be determined, but at the 90-day benchmark, Liz has re-tained both her job and her home. She has realized this goal independently, without re-questing any additional financial assistance. Consequently, the VOC was able to better the lives of a mom (a Veteran) and her child immeasurably through SSVF funding. ‘‘YOUR UNSELFISH HELPING HAND GAVE US  
HOPE ’’ Mariano Salas and his family were the first clients to participate in Community Psy-chiatric Clinic’s (CPC) SSVF program. Both Mariano and his wife had lost their jobs and they and their young daughter were facing homelessness. The SSVF program secured their housing and helped stabilize their lives. Here is Mariano’s story in his own words: ‘‘I was on the brink of giving up com-pletely. But truthfully one thing I can say, no words express enough our sincerest grati-tude to you in assisting my family and I dur-ing a very difficult hardship. Desperation, fear and depression were daily emotions upon my family. But with your unselfish helping hand, you gave us hope, peace, and great big smiles on our faces. Your untiring assistance has given us tremendous hope for a better future. SSVF gave us a boost as we are working so hard to get decent paying jobs to support our family and put food on our table. Today, instead of focusing all our energies on fear of being homeless, we are fo-cusing our energy on securing a stable job and to become self-sufficient. My wife is working now and I have interviews lined up so we can support ourselves and manage our daily living expenses. I am privileged and honored to have been served by SSVF. Thank you SSVF and GOD BLESS YOU ALL.’’ With deepest gratitude, Mariano Salas 
Mr. Chair, thank you for this opportunity to explain describe Jackson Lee Amendment No. 25, which simply provides that: ‘‘None of the funds made available by this Act for the Department of Veteran Affairs— Benefits for Homeless Veterans and Training and Outreach Programs may be used in con-travention of the title 38, Part II, Chapter 20, Subchapter II and III of the U.S. Code. This amendment will help ensure that the rate of homelessness among veterans in the United States does not increase. I thank Subcommittee Chairman D
ENT and Ranking Member W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ for their hard work in shepherding this important legislation to the floor. I offer Jackson Lee Amendment No. 25 be-cause I believe reducing and eliminating 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.133 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6421 July 26, 2017 
homelessness among veterans, those who risked their lives to protect our freedom, should also be one of the nation’s highest pri-orities. Homelessness among the American veteran population is on the rise in the United States and we must be proactive in giving back to those who have given so much to us. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 25 will help remind us of our obligation to provide our vet-erans the assistance needed to avoid home-lessness, which includes adequately funding for programs Veterans Administration Sup-portive Housing (VASH) that provide case- management services, adequate housing fa-cilities, mental health support, and address other areas that contribute to veteran home-lessness. VASH is a jointly-administered permanent supportive housing program for disabled Vet-erans experiencing homelessness in which VA medical Centers provide referrals and case management while Public Housing Agencies (PHAs) administer the Section 8 housing vouchers. Mr. Chair, our veterans deserve the best services available, and I believe that we could be doing much more for them. Today, in our country, there are approxi-mately 107,000 veterans (male and female) who are homeless on any given night. And perhaps twice as many (200,000) expe-rience homelessness at some point during the course of a year. Many other veterans are considered near homeless or at risk because of their poverty, lack of support from family and friends, and dismal living conditions in cheap hotels or in overcrowded or substandard housing. While significant progress has been made, ending homelessness among veterans re-mains a big challenge. In my hometown of Houston for example, between the years 2010 and 2012, the num-ber of homeless veterans increased from 771 to 1,162. We must remain vigilant and continue to fight for those who put on the uniform and fought for us. Providing a home for veterans to come home to every night is the very least we can do. Mr. Chair, programs like VASH have suc-ceeded in changing lives. In 2012 alone, 35,905 veterans lived in the public housing provided by VASH. I have seen the impact of such grants in my home state of Texas, and within my congres-sional district in Houston, and I am sure that this funding has positively impacted many communities across this country. In Texas, there are committed groups in Houston, working to eradicate the issue of homelessness. For example, the Michael E. DeBakey VA Medical Center has been involved in changing veterans’ lives in a mighty way by providing Veterans and their families with access to af-fordable housing and medical services that will help them get back on their feet. Mr. Chair, we cannot let this issue of home-lessness continue. I urge my colleagues to support Jackson Lee Amendment No. 25 and commit ourselves to the hard but necessary work of ending vet-eran homelessness in America. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. D
ENT). The en bloc amendments were agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MR . AL GREEN  
OF TEXAS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 13 printed in House Report 115–259. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 220, line 22, after the dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(increased by $70,000,000)’’. Page 225, line 6, after the dollar amount in-sert the following: ‘‘(reduced by $70,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 473, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I will be withdrawing my amend-ment, but I do desire to make some points. I am grateful to the chairperson of the committee and the ranking mem-ber as well. I know them to be admi-rable persons who desire to do the very best for our veterans. I would like to state, Mr. Chairman, that we have many people who are on the front line of democracy. These are the people who go to distant places, and a good many of them don’t always return the same way they left, and, Mr. Chairman, as a result of this, they need special attention. They need medical attention. We have a circumstance in our coun-try that breaks the hearts of a good many Americans each and every day when they see persons standing on the streets with signs indicating that they are veterans and that they need help. Mr. Chairman, what we propose to do with this amendment is to provide that additional help that they need. This amendment would accord an ad-ditional $70 million to medical services for homeless veterans, the veterans that we see living in the streets of life, the veterans who are appealing to us for help. A good many of them need help that goes beyond something that is physically wrong with them. A good many of them may need some help be-cause of some mental illness that they may have. Mr. Chairman, in Texas, we have, on any given night, about 1,768 veterans who are living on the streets. Accord-ing to the VA, about 40,000 veterans were homeless on a single night in Jan-uary of 2016. This is a decrease from where we have been. The decline is admirable and we ought not overlook the decline, but my belief is we can still do better and we can still help those who are in need of some services. So this amendment would accord the $70 million and bring us back to our 2017 levels. Mr. Chair, I would ask that the chair-person and the ranking member please understand that my desire is to be of service to our veterans. Mr. Chairman, if I may engage in a colloquy at this time. You have heard my appeal. My hope is that Congress-man DENTand I might be able to work together to do what we can to enhance the services that are needed to provide medical attention for homeless vet-erans. I am sure that Congressman D
ENThas seen the evidence of it, and the empirical evidence is available for us to review if we would like to, but I would like as much assistance as we can get. Mr. DENT. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for his genuine concern and thoughtfulness with respect to vet-erans’ homelessness. It is indeed a very severe problem. I do look forward to working with him on this issue, but I also want to mention that I think our bill does respond quite admirably in many ways to the homelessness chal-lenge. We support more than $7.3 billion in medical care, housing, social service, and job training assistance for home-less veterans, and that is about $197 million more this year than in fiscal year 2017 and almost $450 million more than 2 years ago. But Congressman G
REEN is correct that we can always do more and that this challenge continues to plague us. We have made great progress in this country, but I pledge to work with Mr. G
REEN on this issue. Mr. AL GREEN. Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman D
ENT. And if I may just say to the ranking member on our side, I greatly appre-ciate Congresswoman W
ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ having helped us to bring this to the floor to this extent, and I look forward to working with her as well. Mr. Chair, the need to help people who are willing to give it all for us is something that we can never overlook, and I am grateful. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time, and I withdraw my amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of Ranking Member L
OWEY , I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chairman, President Trump, the ‘‘Com-mander in Tweet,’’ tweeted this morn-ing announcing a ban on transgender military service, which was a com-pletely baseless and hateful assault on transgender Americans. Make no mis-take: this was not just a midnight tweet. This was a statement of this ad-ministration’s discriminatory policies and a step backwards for our Nation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.049 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6422 July 26, 2017 
While the President tweeted that his decision came after consulting, sup-posedly, with our Nation’s top gen-erals, that was apparently news to them, as it was met with utter surprise and silence from Pentagon leaders. b1845 Additionally, the President may want to speak to his VA Secretary, as the VA has unequivocally stated VA’s policy has not changed. The VA pro-vides care, benefits, and other VA serv-ices to all veterans, including transgender veterans. The President’s policy reversal comes after our military has undertaken a measured and thoughtful process to make our military open to LGBT Americans to serve their Nation with pride and patriotism. This thoughtful process included the successful repeal of Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell, which had the support of civilian and military defense leaders and an overwhelming number of Americans. Unlike the President’s tweets, the de-cision to make our military more open was not made rashly or with the inten-tion to discriminate. With over 6,000 transgender Ameri-cans serving on Active Duty, in the Na-tional Guard, and in our Reserve forces, it would be reckless, dangerous, and cruel to remove brave servicemem-bers from their critical roles pro-tecting the American people. It is reck-less and dangerous to immediately leave vacant positions that are so vital to our national security. It would be cruel to perniciously dis-charge these servicemembers less than honorably, an act that could gravely impact whether they are eligible for VA benefits. Time and again, we see the dramatic and unintended consequences of this President’s thoughtless actions. As we fight for an open military, we will also fight to provide the proper care and resources to the over 130,000 transgender veterans that fought to de-fend this Nation. Additionally, whatever my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle may say, this decision was not based on a financial cost-benefit analysis. Allowing transgender people to serve in the military would raise defense health spending by less than 0.1 per-cent annually, including funds for gen-der reassignment surgeries. That is just $2.4 million to $8.4 million. In comparison, just so we are illus-trative, the Pentagon spends $84.24 mil-lion annually on erectile dysfunction prescriptions. Of that, $41.6 million was specifically spent on Viagra. Moreover, research has shown that greater inclusion has little or no im-pact on unit cohesion, operational ef-fectiveness, or readiness. In fact, com-manders have noted that these policies benefited all servicemembers by cre-ating a more inclusive and diverse force. Mr. Chairman, several things are clear: This was not a decision based on fis-cal responsibility. This was not a decision based on military readiness. This decision was apparently made to save the President’s immoral, irrespon-sible border wall, because some Repub-lican Members threatened to bring down the entire minibus appropriations bill that we are debating here today over transgender medical treatment in the military. This decision, at the end of the day, was based purely on bigotry and hate, and it is one that we will vehemently oppose. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
AMENDMENT NO . 20 OFFERED BY MR . RATCLIFFE  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. L AHOOD). It is now in order to consider amendment No. 20 printed in House Report 115–259. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division C (before the short title) insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to propose, plan for, or execute a new or additional Base Realign-ment and Closure (BRAC) round. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 473, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman D
ENTand the ranking member for their hard work on behalf of the 63,000 veterans in my district, as well as servicemembers and veterans from all across the country. I am also grateful for the support of Congressman S
HUSTER in offering this amendment, an amendment which would simply prohibit any funds made available in this division from being used to propose, plan for, or execute a new or additional round of base re-alignment and closure, or BRAC. Mr. Chairman, I am honored to rep-resent the Fourth Congressional Dis-trict of Texas, which is home to the Red River Army Depot. The Depot has supported the warfighter since 1941. Al-though the Depot community has weathered a lot of changes over the years, their commitment to mission has always remained the same. On the placards inside each vehicle there are the words: ‘‘We build it as if our lives depend on it. Theirs do.’’ The Red River Army Depot is a vital job creator for northeast Texas and my district, and it is a critical component to our national defense. And as we con-tinue our constitutional obligation to appropriate money, we have to be care-ful stewards of taxpayer dollars, and focus our limited resources on address-ing the critical national security objec-tives and military readiness. Having another round of BRAC, Mr. Chairman, won’t help us achieve this goal. According to the Government Ac-countability Office, the last round of BRAC in 2005 actually cost the Amer-ican taxpayers $35.1 billion, which is 67 percent more than the original cost es-timate. At the same time, the expected savings from the last round of BRAC have been reduced by 73 percent. Starting another BRAC would weak-en our capabilities, and it would in-crease our vulnerability in the face of critical threats that face this Nation right now. I thank my colleagues who have sup-ported this important amendment for the past 2 years, and I look forward to having this amendment included in this year’s Military Construction and VA Appropriations bill. Mr. DENT. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. RATCLIFFE. I yield to the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. DENT. I just want to say for the RECORD that I appreciate the gentle-man’s concern for his district. I am not going to oppose the amendment, but I did want to say that, at some point, there will need to be a BRAC. There is a lot of excess capacity in the Army and the Air Force. But for fiscal year ‘18, I can accept this amendment, but down the road I see the need. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for accepting the amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chairman, I, like many Members, have concerns regarding another round of BRAC. I realize that this is a com-plicated issue for all Members of Con-gress, especially those with military facilities in their congressional dis-tricts. I have had this conversation with my chairman, Mr. D
ENT, several times. And while we both share the concerns of those Members with military bases in their district and other military fa-cilities, the gentleman is right. We are going to need to address that we have facilities all across the country that really need to be evaluated because they are, essentially, maintaining in-frastructure that is no longer needed. For example, the estimate of excess capacity for the Army is 22 percent. The Air Force’s estimate of excess ca-pacity is roughly 30 percent. Both the Army and the Air Force are strong sup-porters of another BRAC round. While this amendment really has no effect because we don’t actually have any funding in this bill for another BRAC round, it does send the message that Congress is unwilling to tackle what is arguably a tough issue. This amendment would be, essen-tially, an abdication of our duties as Members of this House to ensure that taxpayer resources are being used in a wise and fiscally responsible way, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.136 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6423 July 26, 2017 
that is something that we hear from our friends on the other side of the aisle regularly. And given that we have a very sig-nificant increase in the defense appro-priations bill, when we have resources that we are expending or, essentially, wasting by not having a BRAC round, then we are, essentially, leaving that money on the table when we could pro-vide it for our national defense. So I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. And I recognize that the chairman is willing to accept it, but we should underscore that there are no funds in this bill for a round of BRAC, so, essentially, the acceptance of this amendment adopts the same posture that this bill already holds. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 21 OFFERED BY MR . BRAT  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 21 printed in House Report 115–259. Mr. BRAT. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division C (before the short title) insert the following: S
EC. ll. (a) None of the funds appro-priated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used by the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to purchase, breed, transport, house, feed, maintain, dispose of, or experi-ment on dogs as part of the conduct of any study assigned to pain category D or E, as defined by the Department of Agriculture. (b) This section shall not apply to training programs or studies of service dogs described in section 1714 of title 38 United States Code or section 17.148 of title 38 of the Code of Federal Regulations. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 473, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
RAT) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. BRAT. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment to the bill, H.R. 3219. I would like to thank D
INATITUS, T
EDPOE, ROKHANNA , BRIAN MAST, and T
EDLIEUfor cosponsoring this amend-ment. In short, my amendment will stop funding for painful dog experiments at the VA. It also includes protections to ensure service dog training programs can continue unencumbered so that veterans affected by conditions from blindness to PTSD can receive the help they need. My amendment combines three bi-partisan issues: puppies, veterans, and government accountability. Earlier this year, when my wife Laura and I read the news report about the VA’s dog testing program at the Richmond VA Medical Center, we were disturbed by the descriptions of the types of experiments conducted on these puppies. From what I read, the type of work they were doing was on the level of torture. In Richmond, this included inducing heart attacks. At other labs, the VA was giving meth-amphetamine to narcoleptic Dobermans. My family had a Doberman, and he was part of our family years back. I can’t imagine conducting these tests on man’s best friend. I believe our veterans deserve to re-ceive the highest quality of healthcare. The Richmond VA Hospital is staffed by talented healthcare professionals. However, the experiments being con-ducted at the Richmond dog research lab have questionable medical benefit. The resources, money, time, and space being used to conduct these experi-ments would be better utilized to de-liver high-quality healthcare to Rich-mond veterans. The VA’s first priority should be caring for our veterans. A recent report by the VA Office of Research Oversight that was made pub-lic by a FOIA request found widespread lapses in adhering to protocol, failure to follow Federal animal welfare regu-lations, and the lack of sufficient docu-mentation to justify the severity of these disturbing experiments. Federal taxpayer dollars are better spent di-rectly caring for our Nation’s veterans. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment to defund these harmful experiments on man’s best friend. Mr. POE of Texas. Will the gen-tleman yield? Mr. BRAT. I yield to the gentleman from Texas. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for filing this amendment. Mr. Chairman, the VA has been using taxpayer dollars to have experiments on dogs. It is hard to believe that would occur in our culture today. I have had three Dalmatians over the years, and I know there are a lot of other people who have dogs. They have service dogs that are used by our vets and our agencies. And the thought that our Veterans Administration would go ahead and torture dogs in the name of science and experiments is not accept-able; it is just not. If citizens committed these acts that the VA is committing on dogs, under most laws, that would be animal cru-elty. They could be prosecuted and go to jail. But because it is the VA, be-cause it is a government agency, that doesn’t apply. But we do want the agency to stop torturing dogs in the name of science. There are better ways that they can spend the money, better ways they can figure out how to help our veterans be-sides taking careless actions against, as my friend from Virginia said, man’s best friend. And if it’s going to be man’s best friend, maybe we shouldn’t be, or we should not be torturing those dogs for any reason. So I support the amendment. Ms. TITUS. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. BRAT. I yield to the gentle-woman from Nevada. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Chairman, I, too, rise in support of this bipartisan amend-ment. I thank my colleagues, Mr. BRAT, Mr. P OE, and Mr. K HANNA , for in-troducing it. We want to prohibit funds from being used by the Department of the VA on studies that cause significant pain and distress to dogs. As a former member of the House Veterans Affairs’ Committee and a longtime advocate of animal protec-tion, I firmly believe we should not be using taxpayer dollars to fund painful and unnecessary experimental proce-dures when we have technological ad-vances that can move us toward alter-native methods. b1900 We have seen the NIH in their chim-panzee research, and they said that available technologies are more accu-rate, faster, and less expensive than animal testing. The U.S. military is moving away from using live animals in trauma medical testing. We have seen that when the Coast Guard gave up their live tissue training program. The Los Angeles VA just recently an-nounced it is suspending controversial and gruesome experiments on a colony of narcoleptic Dobermans. It is now time for the rest of the VA to do the same thing. This amendment is supported by the Humane Society, the Animal Welfare Institute, and the White Coat Waste Project. It is estimated that 44 percent of all households—and you heard my col-leagues mention this—in the United States have a dog. In our culture, they are considered cherished pets, and they are a member of the family. They are not to be used for experiments. Even veterans themselves depend on dogs on the battlefield and at home for ther-apy. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment, and that is just the way it is. Mr. BRAT. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment, but I do not plan to oppose it. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. G
ALLAGHER ). Without objection, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 min-utes. There was no objection. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ ), the ranking member. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding time to me. Mr. Chairman, the VA conducts ani-mal research at 74 of its facilities, and only 3 of these—Cleveland, Milwaukee, and Richmond—are still conducting ex-periments on dogs that involve inflict-ing significant pain and distress. Just 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.138 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6424 July 26, 2017 
yesterday, another whistleblower went public with graphic photos of muti-lated dogs and other troubling informa-tion about dog testing at that facility. In addition, a recent VA Office of Re-search Oversight investigation found that the VA failed to keep adequate records about sick and suffering dogs and has consistently underreported the number of dogs used in experiments to Federal authorities. I want to be clear that this amend-ment, unfortunately, does not stop all animal research at the VA, and it doesn’t even stop all dog research at the VA—again, unfortunately. Far from it, in fact. This amendment right-ly and simply prohibits taxpayers’ dol-lars from being spent on research that causes dogs significant pain and dis-tress. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment on behalf of Bailey, Demmy, Coqui, Minnie, and Maddie Schultz. Mr. DENT. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. B
RAT). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 23 OFFERED BY MR . KING OF  
IOWA 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 23 printed in House Report 115–259. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk made in order by the rule. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of division C (before the short title), insert the following S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, ad-minister, or enforce the prevailing wage re-quirements in subchapter IV of chapter 31 of title 40, United States Code (commonly re-ferred to as the Davis-Bacon Act). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 473, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING) and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, this is a Davis-Bacon amendment that addresses the MILCON component of the legislation that is before us. This Congress has had this debate a number of times over the past years. The history of the Davis-Bacon Act goes back to, I will say, a couple of Re-publicans that got together and de-cided they didn’t want the construc-tion market to have to face the com-petition of African Americans coming out of Alabama to build a Federal building in New York City. They took such great offense to that that they wrote legislation that is known as the Davis-Bacon Act, and the language says it requires a prevailing wage. I have spent 42 years in the construc-tion business, if I count the work my son does as he owns that company today, and we have dealt with that, I would say, nearly every year, if not every year, throughout all that time. What we have is the Federal Govern-ment interfering in the relationship be-tween the employer and the employee and setting a wage scale that is called prevailing wage. But that is set by folks sitting inside a room with a closed door, and they come out of there with the equivalent of a union wage mandated by the Federal Government. That is the net effect. As we have kept records over the years, the increase in the cost of the projects for us has been between 8 and 35 percent, depending on how much is labor, how much is materials, and the nature of the job. The Heritage Foundation has done a study or two. They come with a num-ber kind of in that area. So I just boil it down to 20 percent. It is a 20 percent increase over the otherwise cost of a project, and that means this: without the Davis-Bacon wage scale imposed upon it by the Federal Government, the merit shop employees who meet plans and specs and do high-quality work—and there is nothing in our 42 years of history that would indicate otherwise—that we can build 5 miles of road instead of 4, we can build five bar-racks instead of four, we can build five bridges instead of four. This is an unnecessary cost to the taxpayer. It brings efficiency to the ex-penditures of the taxpayers’ money, and it does a lot better job of taking care of our military. Mr. Chairman, I urge the adoption of my amendment, which simply does this: it says that none of the funds may be used to implement, administer, or enforce prevailing wage requirements that is referenced as Davis-Bacon. Mr. Chairman, I urge its adoption, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chairman, I am opposed to the amend-ment. Mr. Chairman, Davis-Bacon is a pret-ty simple concept, and a fair one at that. What the Davis-Bacon Act does is to protect the government as well as the workers in carrying out the policy that is very simple and very straight-forward: paying decent wages on gov-ernment contracts. The Davis-Bacon Act requires that workers on federally funded construc-tion projects be paid no less than the wages paid in the community for simi-lar work. It requires that every con-tract for construction of which the Federal Government is a party in ex-cess of $2,000 contain a provision defin-ing the minimum wages paid to various classes of laborers and mechanics. Mr. Chairman, the House has taken numerous and repeated votes on this issue, and on every vote, this body has voted to maintain Davis-Bacon require-ments. In fact, most recently, during consideration of the fiscal year 2018 Na-tional Defense Authorization Act, in a bipartisan fashion, the House firmly re-jected a similar amendment 242–183. Last year, we avoided including divi-sive language like this in this bill, and it is my hope that we stop attacking the working class and defeat the amendment before us today and move on to more important matters as we surely have in front of us. Mr. Chairman, I urge all Members to vote ‘‘no,’’ and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, as I listen to that rebuttal, I would like to bring back a little more of the history of this, and it is this: that Davis- Bacon, and I have been looking at this a long time, as far as I know, and I be-lieve it is true, is the last remaining Jim Crow law that exists in Federal statute today. We should take care to pull it out of the Federal code. Its legacy is badly tainted. It was built as a racist law, and that needs to be eliminated, and we need to have a merit shop society where people can compete rather than the Federal Government deciding with a board or a commission behind closed doors. Let’s build more roads, more bridges, more barracks, more airstrips. Let’s put our money to the best use we can. That is in keeping with Donald Trump’s philosophy: get more for less. That is what you get with the King amendment, more for less, and we get to eliminate at least the effectiveness of this Jim Crow law on our MILCON as a starter. If we do this here, we have got an op-portunity, then, to go forward with this and finally one day completely re-peal Davis-Bacon. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the dis-tinguished gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. NORCROSS ), who has been a pas-sionate advocate and fighter for work-ing men and women of this country. Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Chairman, I thank the Congresswoman for yielding me time. I rise in strong opposition to this misguided Davis-Bacon amendment. Why would anybody come to this floor and say: I want to lower the wages for the people I represent? Why would anybody want to do that? We are here to help people raise their local standards of living. That is what this amendment would do: it would lower the wages for the working conditions of those very men and women that we were elected to serve. It would hurt the local economy, devalue the workers’ pay. Almost 100 years ago, two Repub-licans, Congressman James Davis and Robert Bacon, realized there was a problem with the Federal Government and contracts. The contracts were un-fair to those local economies. In 1931, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.141 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6425 July 26, 2017 
unanimously approved, Davis-Bacon prevailing wage, it ensured construc-tion workers coming in are paid the same as local labor—as local labor. It levels the playing field, ensures work-ers get paid a fair day’s pay for a hard day’s work—easy answers, very easy answers. For my colleagues supporting this amendment, I have a few questions of you. Do you want the Federal Government to make bad investments? Do you want to cut those wages for the very people who elected you? Do you want local workers to suffer, people coming into your town and your community, and cut the wages? I don’t think so. We are not here to lower the standards. We are here to raise the standards. Speaking of President Trump, guess who used and paid prevailing wage? You have got it. Donald Trump in At-lantic City. He paid prevailing wages. He didn’t have to. He did because he understood he wanted to help the peo-ple in that economy build a good prod-uct. This is what we are talking about: quality wages to people who go to work each and every day and play hard and work hard, follow the rules. That is what prevailing wage is, giving local communities a say in the Federal Gov-ernment. The Acting CHAIR. Members are re-minded to direct their remarks to the Chair, not to others in the Chamber in the second person. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time is remaining on each side. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Iowa has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining. The gentlewoman from Florida has 1
1⁄2 minutes remaining. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, as I listen to the gen-tleman, unfair; there is no such thing as unfair when you have someone who applies for a job and they are willing to work for a wage, and we want to hire the best people we can hire. We want to keep the best people we hire, and we want to pay the best benefits we can. But when we have the Federal Gov-ernment interfering with the efficiency of our operations and deciding that this machine pays $25 an hour and this machine pays $35 an hour, and on this shovel, if you are leaning on it, that pays 20 bucks an hour, who is going to climb into which machine and do what? The efficiencies of our operations go downhill when you have got the Fed-eral Government setting those kinds of things. We had a project years ago where the center line of the highway—we worked on both sides of a highway. The center line of the highway was a difference be-tween two different regions with dif-ferent prevailing wage scales. It was al-most twice as much money on the south side of the highway as it was on the north side of the highway. Well, where do you think my crews wanted to work? They wanted to work on the south side of the highway. You have got to fight that constantly. We don’t need the Federal Govern-ment interfering. There used to be a gentleman from Massachusetts that would say that we should not have the Federal Government interfering be-tween any relationship between two consenting adults. That is what an em-ployment is, two consenting adults. It is a contract. We don’t need the Fed-eral Government there. We need to build more projects for less money for the same standard of work. It is not unfair. It is high-quality work coming out of all the records of merit shop employees, and it is con-sistent with what America needs to do to compete with the rest of the world. Mr. Chairman, I urge that the body come forward and vote for this amend-ment and block the Davis-Bacon wage scales and end up with an efficient form of construction for MILCON. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, it is unfortunate that the gentleman from Iowa repeatedly engages in revisionist history when it comes to walking the Chamber through the history of why we have Davis- Bacon. It was actually in 1927 that a con-tractor who was employing African- American workers was building a Vet-erans Bureau hospital—fitting that we are debating this on this bill in the dis-trict of Congressman Bacon. What Con-gressman Bacon found was that there were very serious issues related to low wages being paid, competitive pressure towards those lower wages, discrimina-tion against the wages of migrant workers, and so he introduced Davis- Bacon initially to be able to make sure that workers on construction projects would be able to be paid the prevailing wages in the community. These workers happened to be Afri-can American. That is about the only thing that is at all related to the so- called Jim Crow reference that the gentleman from Iowa made. We need to make sure that, no mat-ter where you work on a Federal Gov-ernment project, construction workers, working people who are trying to make sure that they produce quality work, are able to produce that quality work by being paid the prevailing wage in a community based on those standards. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. b1915 The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa will be post-poned. It is now in order to consider amend-ment No. 24 printed in House Report 115–259. AMENDMENT NO . 27 OFFERED BY MR . BERGMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 27 printed in House Report 115–259. Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 267, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. Page 273, line 1, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(decreased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 473, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ERGMAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment to the Make America Secure Appropria-tions Act bill. My amendment simply adds $1 million to the U.S. Corps of En-gineers’ investigations account to as-sist with projects across the country that the Army Corps is in charge of overseeing. Projects like modernizing the Soo Locks, the lock system located in my district in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan which connects Lake Supe-rior to the lower part of the Great Lakes through the St. Marys River. This is a project that has been around for a long time on the books. Projects like this that have more than 4,500 vessels and 80 million tons of cargo moving through the Soo Locks each year, this lock system plays a critical role in the transport of raw materials and other goods through the Great Lakes region to ports around the entire country. And currently, the construction of a new lock, which is integral not only to my district, but the entire United States, is caught in a mire of uncer-tainty, and it all comes down to one thing: funding. I think it is appropriate that we are considering this amendment in the context of making America secure be-cause it might be a surprise to some to learn that modernizing the Soo Locks is a matter of national security. A recent Department of Homeland Security report has made clear that an unexpected interruption to the Poe— the largest lock in the system—would have disastrous economic impacts across the Nation, to include a $1.1 tril-lion fall in national gross domestic product and a spike in national unem-ployment to a rate of 11.3 percent. Again, this is the Department of Homeland Security saying this. And while Congress has authorized the con-struction of a new lock twice now over several years, the Soo has been tied up 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.144 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6426 July 26, 2017 
in economic reevaluations and studies that have ultimately kept Congress and the Corps from spending the nec-essary funds to complete the project. This amendment sends a message to the Army Corps and reminds Congress that projects like the Soo Locks mod-ernization must be a priority. During a time when infrastructure projects and national security are at the forefront of our policy conversa-tions, projects like the Soo Locks should not be delayed because of fund-ing uncertainty or limits to the Army Corps of Engineers’ ability to do its due diligence in conducting the studies. I also wanted to take a minute and thank the chairman for working with me and understanding how significant and important the Soo Locks mod-ernization and projects like this around the country are to our economy and our national security. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I rise in op-position to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I rise in very reluctant opposition to this amendment. I agree with the goal. I agree with the fine Congressman’s goal of getting that lock modernized, im-proving the access, and securing the Great Lakes region for generations to come. My problem lies in the offset coming out of the Energy Efficiency & Renewable Energy accounts. So I would only ask the gentleman to consider advising his colleagues, who will go into conference, if we could find a different offset, it would sure be a lot more comfortable on this side of the aisle. I want to congratulate him for his amendment and, again, reluctantly rise in opposition. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Idaho. Mr. SIMPSON. Actually, the offset does not come out of EERE. Ms. KAPTUR. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. SIMPSON. I yield to the gentle-woman from Ohio. Ms. KAPTUR. May I inquire of the gentleman, where does the offset come from? Mr. SIMPSON. It comes from Corps expenses and administration. Ms. KAPTUR. Well, that changes my position. Mr. SIMPSON. I knew we could get through this. Let me just say, Mr. Chairman, I un-derstand that the Soo Locks project is of great importance to my colleague from Michigan, as well as other Mem-bers from the Great Lakes. I would be happy to work with them to see if we can advance this project to ensure con-tinued navigation on the Great Lakes. I have to remind my colleague that the amendment increases the funding level of an account. It does not direct that funding level to a particular activ-ity, and, for that reason, the amend-ment does not constitute a major shift in funding between accounts, and I will support the amendment. Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ERGMAN ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 28 printed in House Report 115–259. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN , I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. F
ASO) for the purpose of entering into a colloquy. Mr. FASO. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman S
IMPSON for yielding the time. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 3219, the Defense, Military Con-struction, Veteran Affairs, Legislative Branch, and Energy and Water Devel-opment National Security Appropria-tions Act. Specifically, I would like to discuss division D of the bill, which appro-priates additional funding to the Army Corps of Engineers. This bill allocates $289.5 million to fund projects and ac-tivities to enhance the Nation’s eco-nomic growth. The Whaley Lake Dam, located in my district in Pawling, New York, Dutchess County, will be eligible to compete for these funds, and is author-ized pursuant to section 5003 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007. Originally built in the mid-1800s, the Whaley Lake Dam is in critical need of repair. The outlet of the dam feeds a stream necessary to the movement of treated wastewater from multiple municipal water treatment facilities. Addition-ally, the town of Pawling is the home to nearly 9,000 residents, including 500 homes located on Whaley Lake specifi-cally. Mr. Chairman, could the chairman please confirm that the Whaley Lake Dam project could compete for funding included in the bill? Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. F
ASOfor the question. The gentleman is correct on his reading of the bill. Projects authorized under sec-tion 5003 of the 2007 water bill are eligi-ble for this additional funding by the Army Corps of Engineers. This is re-flected in report language from the En-ergy and Water Development, and Re-lated Agencies Subcommittee. Mr. FASO. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman S
IMPSON for this confirma-tion. I urge my colleagues to support this important bill. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . 
SIMPSON OF IDAHO  
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, pursu-ant to section 3 of House Resolution 473, as the designee of the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN ), I offer amendments en bloc. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. Amendments en bloc No. 2 consisting of amendment Nos. 29, 30, 33, 34, 45, 47, 48, 66, 67, 68, and 69 printed in House Report 115–259, offered by Mr. S
IMPSON  of Idaho: 
AMENDMENT NO . 29 OFFERED BY MR . BEN RAY  
LUJA´N OF NEW MEXICO  Page 268, line 20, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 30 OFFERED BY MR . WELCH OF  
VERMONT  Page 268, line 20, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 33 OFFERED BY MR . CURBELO  
OF FLORIDA  Page 268, line 20, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $45,000,000) (increased by $45,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 34 OFFERED BY MR . NOLAN OF  
MINNESOTA  Page 270, line 22, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $325,000)’’. Page 273, line 1, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $325,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 45 OFFERED BY MR . LARSON OF  
CONNECTICUT  Page 286, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $48,000,000) (increased by $48,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 47 OFFERED BY MR . TAKANO OF  
CALIFORNIA  Page 286, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 48 OFFERED BY MR . 
DESAULNIER OF CALIFORNIA  Page 291, line 13, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,200,000)’’. Page 296, line 10, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,200,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 66 OFFERED BY MR . STIVERS OF  
OHIO At the end of division D (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this division may be used for the Cape Wind Energy Project on the Outer Conti-nental Shelf off Massachusetts, Nantucket Sound. 
AMENDMENT NO . 67 OFFERED BY MR . GALLAGHER  
OF WISCONSIN  At the end of division D (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. For ‘‘Department of Energy— Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability’’ for energy storage systems demonstrations as authorized by section 641 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17231), there is hereby appropriated, and the amount otherwise provided by this Act for ‘‘Department of Energy—Depart-mental Administration’’ is hereby reduced by, $10,000,000. 
AMENDMENT NO . 68 OFFERED BY MS . BROWNLEY  
OF CALIFORNIA  At the end of division D, before the short title, insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of section 2102 of the Water Resources Reform 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.146 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6427 July 26, 2017 
and Development Act of 2014 or section 210 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986. 
AMENDMENT NO . 69 OFFERED BY MR . RODNEY  
DAVIS OF ILLINOIS  At the end of division D, before the short title, insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available under title I of division D of this Act may be used to require an economic re-evaluation of any project authorized under title VIII of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 473 the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. S
IMPSON ) and the gen-tlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ) each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Idaho. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I ap-preciate that the en bloc amendments have been agreed to by both sides, and I would urge my Members to support the en bloc amendments. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of the en bloc amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ). Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment which ensures that the Department of Energy continues to fund Energy Inno-vation Hubs in the Offices of Science, Energy Efficiency & Renewable En-ergy, and Nuclear Energy. b1930 The current report language accom-panying H.R. 3266, which is the Energy and Water Development Appropriations bill, directs the DOE not to fund these centers. By passing this amendment, we will clearly express Congress’ intent to con-tinue funding these innovation hubs and request that the final report lan-guage be edited to reflect our intent. The four existing innovation hubs conduct critical research across energy fields including nuclear, solar, ad-vanced storage, and energy supply chains. These hubs are modeled off of the iconic Bell Laboratories, but pri-vate industry no longer sustains this type of research due to increasing pres-sure to make short-term profits. That is why it is essential that the government conduct this research. Mr. Chairman, I encourage my col-leagues to support the en bloc and amend the final report language so these vital innovation hubs continue to receive funding. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. S
IMP-
SON). The en bloc amendments were agreed to. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN , I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ) for the purpose of a colloquy. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Chairman, first, I thank Chairman S
IMPSON for the com-mittee’s continued support for the Rahway River flood control project in the district I serve. This project is es-sential to the safety and security of communities in the district. These communities have worked extensively with the district office of the Army Corps, which, together with their col-leagues at Corps headquarters in Wash-ington, prepared a Tentatively Se-lected Plan. We are waiting for Corps headquarters to schedule an agency milestone meeting to finalize the de-tails and begin the process of com-piling a chief’s report. Is it the committee’s intent in pro-viding funding that the Corps should complete the Rahway River feasibility study? Mr. SIMPSON. I thank the gen-tleman for his question. Yes. It has been the committee’s in-tent that funds provided to date were to be used to complete the feasibility study and issue a chief’s report. There is additional funding provided in this bill that could be allocated to the Rah-way River study, if necessary. Mr. LANCE. I would further ask your assistance to ensure that the extensive work, expertise, and planning at the district level and the extensive com-munity involvement is also followed by the Army Corps headquarters. There is growing concern in the com-munities I serve that Army Corps head-quarters might shelve this project de-spite its continued authorization—as recently as the 2016 WRDA bill—and the ongoing funding from your sub-committee. This would represent the worst kind of disconnect between the needs of communities in need and the bureauc-racy of Washington. Doing nothing, wasting taxpayers’ time and money, and allowing the current hazards to en-dure are not an acceptable outcome. I would respectfully ask the full com-mittee chairman and subcommittee chairman to assist in convening a meeting with the affected Members of Congress and the Corps to ensure we continue to move forward with this chosen alternative, and proceed with the project now. Mr. SIMPSON. I thank the gen-tleman for his comments. We would be pleased to work with the gentleman from New Jersey on such a meeting and to ensure a successful con-clusion to the feasibility study. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair under-stands that Amendment No. 31 will not be offered. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of Ranking Member L
OWEY , I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I want to express my appreciation to Con-gressman MIKESIMPSON and all the members of our subcommittee on both sides of the aisle for completing our work on time and for reaching agree-ment on many of these amendments that will save the Members angst to-night, and, hopefully, we won’t have to work beyond midnight. I want to say, with the mark that we have received, we continue to move America forward on energy independ-ence. We know that by 8 or 9 years it is projected that America will finally be exporting more energy than we are im-porting, and we will be 100 percent en-ergy-efficient and energy-independent here at home. That is quite an accomplishment thinking back to the period of time in our Nation’s history in the last century when we, as a nation, were subjected to rising oil prices because of embargoes, particularly in the Middle East, and we fell into deep recession here in our country back in the 1970s; and subse-quent to that, every time gasoline went over $4 a gallon. So when we consider the Energy and Water bill, I think we all have to pat America on the back for having had consistent enlightened leaders on both sides of the aisle who understood what was important in the Nation’s best in-terests. So as we consider this bill today— there were particular amendments on subjects that range as far afield as the Soo Locks and the Energy Information Administration, which we will get into in a moment, water projects that are some of the biggest job creators across this country—let’s not lose sight of the big frame. The big frame really is that this is a bill that makes America more secure and that allows us to make progress here at home from coast to coast. All of our ports and all of our water infra-structure that is so vital not just west of the Mississippi, but the Great Lakes region and our coasts, some of the challenges we face in the Everglades, these are issues that all of America cares about, particularly when it is in your own backyard. This is a really important bill for the country. It is not the largest bill that is considered as part of the appropria-tions process, but it is one that is ex-traordinarily important. And, of course, over half of our budget deals with our nuclear weapons complement and making sure that that great asset that we have is maintained, is the fin-est in the world, and is the best man-aged. So this subcommittee has quite a jurisdiction from coast to coast. I really want to compliment all the Members who worked so very hard to bring our bill to the floor on time, within the mark that we were given. I thank staffs on both sides of the aisle as we proceed forward here. I know that the efforts in this bill to fund the future and new energy sources that are coming forward are in Amer-ica’s national interests. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.052 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6428 July 26, 2017 
We look at the field of solar, for ex-ample. We have over 300,000 people working in the solar energy field, actu-ally more than work in the coal fields now. Some of those solar companies are in districts that I represent. This is a new industry. Renewables now com-prise 10 percent of all the energy that the country produces, and this has been a major accomplishment in just the last few decades. A lot of photovoltaic research goes back to the 1980s. We are now looking at wind energy, the fastest growing job sector in America. It is really for wind technicians. I thank the members of our com-mittee on both sides of the aisle for ap-preciating the opportunity to grow this massive industry, including with in-vestments such as LEEDCo in the State of Ohio; capturing the Saudi Ara-bia of wind, which is Lake Erie’s com-plement. So we feel a sense of accomplishment tonight as we bring this bill to the floor and we look at the horizons ahead. We know that we have to deal with the other body, we have to com-promise out any of our differences, but I have a hunch that we are going to be able to do that very well. I thank all those who may be listen-ing this evening, particularly those who are working in our National Labs, the finest labs in the world that are in-venting the future from coast to coast. Over a dozen and a half of those labs have America’s best scientists working on not just energy research, but deriva-tive spinoffs in the commercial sector that eventually benefit the entire country. As I mentioned, the natural gas dis-covery that has really been responsible for leading us toward energy independ-ence was made possible by the fracking technology developed over many years at the U.S. Department of Energy. So as you look at gas prices going down at the pump and you look at the competi-tion in the energy industry, we have a lot of people, many unsung heroes across our country in these labs who work tirelessly on behalf of the Amer-ican people. Some are retired and some are still in place, but we owe them a deep debt of gratitude for serving the American people so nobly. We are going to have several other amendments that come before us to-night. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gen-tleman if he wishes to make a state-ment. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman. It is wonder-ful to have someone who can talk with some intelligence about what we are doing here, and keep the attention of the body as we are waiting for Mem-bers to come to the floor. Ms. KAPTUR. I think it is fair to say, Mr. Chairman, that you do such a fine job and move the bill along that people were anticipating their amend-ments would come up later in the evening. But, as usual, this is not just an energy efficient committee, but a very efficient committee. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker Pro Tempore (Mr. M
ITCHELL ) having assumed the chair, Mr. G
ALLAGHER , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consider-ation the bill (H.R. 3219) making appro-priations for the Department of De-fense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2018, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
PERMISSION TO CONSIDER AMENDMENT NO. 32 AND AMEND-MENT NO. 35 PRINTED IN HOUSE REPORT 115–259 OUT OF SE-QUENCE Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that, during fur-ther consideration of H.R. 3219, pursu-ant to House Resolution 473, amend-ment No. 32 and amendment No. 35, printed in House Report 115–259, may be offered out of sequence. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Idaho? There was no objection. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 473 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 3219. Will the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ALLAGHER ) kindly resume the chair. b1945 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 3219) making appropriations for the De-partment of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes, with Mr. G
ALLAGHER  (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole House rose earlier today, amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. S
IMP-
SON) had been disposed of. 
AMENDMENT NO . 36 OFFERED BY MR . MITCHELL  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 36 printed in House Report 115–259. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: Page 273, line 1, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $18,100,000)’’. Page 273, line 19, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $476,400)’’. Page 282, line 22, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,900,000)’’. Page 296, line 10, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $28,169,300)’’. Page 326, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $52,645,700)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 473, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. M
ITCHELL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of my fiscally respon-sible amendment that is one step in se-curing America’s future. My amendment is a simple 10 percent cut to administrative expenses of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Works, Department of the Interior, and Department of Energy. These savings would be used to reduce the deficit. Our national debt stands at $20 tril-lion, and growing. Our unfunded liabil-ities add another $100 trillion to $200 trillion to the Federal debt, and that is only a guess. Our deficit last year was over $500 billion. That is not sustain-able. It jeopardizes our future and must be taken seriously. Paying lip service to the problem will not solve it. Talk is cheap. We must now be responsible, be-fore it is too late. I come from the world of private business and know the importance of having our fiscal house in order. I also know that being fiscally responsible starts with small steps, which, when added together, make a big impact. Early in my career, I worked at Chrysler at the time when Lee Iacocca was CEO and went through the first loan guarantee. His famous fiscal savvy and focus helped save Chrysler, which was destined for bankruptcy. If not for Iacocca taking strong but necessary measures, a great Michigan company would have been lost. Lee Iacocca understood that fiscal re-sponsibility starts on a small scale. He once said if he had a manager who couldn’t cut administrative costs by 10 percent, he needed a new manager. Mr. Chair, that is what I propose today, a 10 percent cut to administra-tive costs of government agencies, which is a small step that, when com-bined with others like it, could yield back results and big savings for tax-payers. Moreover, these cuts would re-strain an overactive government bu-reaucracy. The Republican-led Congress has worked hard to undo years of copious overregulation, but another solution is to have fewer regulators and fewer bu-reaucrats passing on regulations that make it hard for businesses to survive and taxpayers to live their lives. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to choose fiscal responsibility, choose a secure American future, make a mod-est cut in the administrations costs of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.151 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6429 July 26, 2017 
our government, and support my amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. I un-derstand that reducing the size of the bureaucracy is an important issue for many Members, and should be for all of us. As chair of the Energy and Water De-velopment and Related Agencies Sub-committee, I am always open to hear-ing if my colleagues have particular concerns with agency budget requests. I could be supportive of thoughtful strategies for reducing the size of gov-ernment by making agencies more effi-cient and carrying out their statutory goals. That is not what this amend-ment does. This amendment simply slashes 10 percent from each adminis-trative account in the bill. Most of these accounts have been held flat or even slightly decreased over the past several years. Reducing them an additional 10 percent, with no clear idea on how such cuts would be absorbed, is simply not the right way to address the size of the Federal Gov-ernment. It could take longer to review and improve important water resource projects—I hear about that all the time from my colleagues—or to issue grants and approve research agreements—I hear about that all the time from my colleagues—or to respond to congres-sional information requests—I hear about that all the time from my col-leagues. These cuts would also put at risk the cybersecurity efforts of each agency, reducing their efforts to secure their own IT infrastructure. I don’t think that is what the gentleman from Michigan intended, but that is a very possible result of this amendment. Mr. Chair, for those reasons, I must urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. Ms. KAPTUR. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. SIMPSON. I yield to the gentle-woman from Ohio. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I also rise in opposition to this amendment. I respect the gentleman from Michi-gan, particularly because he is from the Great Lakes region, too, and we need him as a strong voice for our Great Lakes, but I do think that cuts to these particular accounts really are counterproductive, for the following reasons. First of all, the most important step any country can take to deal with the deficit is to grow the economy. This particular budget, this particular set of accounts, particularly the Army Corps of Engineers, has the type of construc-tion and building accounts that produce income. They produce income for people who do the work, but they also improve our ports. If you look all around Michigan, if you look at the Soo Locks, if you look at the assets just in our region of the country, the progress that a region can make, because it improves its ports and attendant roads and rails and so forth, creates opportunity for compa-nies to locate and to grow. We just had a phenomenal announce-ment in the city of Toledo this week by the Cleveland-Cliffs company. We have been working for 30 years to improve the port to connect rail and to have east to west, north to south highway improvements. By golly, it worked with a $700 million investment by the private sector. It was just so exciting to bring ore from Michigan and Min-nesota into the lower lakes. It was really quite incredible. So these dollars yield results. They don’t happen in one year. They take a while to happen, but they happen. I also oppose the gentleman’s amend-ment because there are $62 billion of backlogged projects at the Army Corps of Engineers alone. I don’t know if you saw the stories about the Department of the Interior. People are lined up to get into the national parks through those turnstiles, trying to get into our national parks. We need to improve those parks. We need to make sure that we are doing things like dealing with the Forest Service so that the underbrush is cut out and that our forests aren’t burning up all over the country. We have such a maintenance backlog across this Nation, and with budgets of this size, we don’t want to be in a posi-tion where we under account for the funds that are being spent. So to reduce funding for critical oversight in the administrative depart-ments of these very large agencies, I think is not wise. In fact, it is penny- wise and pound-foolish in the end. Mr. Chair, for all of those reasons— our jobs, the security of taxpayer funds, and for the sake of the future— I oppose the gentleman’s amendment and urge my colleagues to join me. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Chair, I cer-tainly did not intend the adverse im-pacts that are outlined by the chair-man or the ranking member, nor do I believe they will arise. My experience in years of manage-ment is that, rather than detail item- by-item the cuts to be made, allow the leadership of agencies to determine where they can be more efficient. I honestly have to say, I can’t imagine that we cannot be more efficient than we are in the Federal Government. I admit, my experience is somewhat more brief than many, but I am, frank-ly, shocked some days. I urge support of my amendment. I realize it may not be popular, but, at some point in time, we need to start to cut the incredible costs of this govern-ment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. M
ITCHELL ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 32 OFFERED BY MR . MAST  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to the order of the House of today, it is now in order to consider amendment No. 32 printed in House Report 115–259. Mr. MAST. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 268, line 20, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $500,000)’’. Page 270, line 22, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $500,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 473, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
AST) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. MAST. Mr. Chairman, I rise today because I represent the Treasure Coast of Florida, and it is facing an en-vironmental disaster that, sadly, com-munities across the Nation face, from down along the Mississippi, up in Michigan, to the east coast of Florida. We face these disasters year after year. This disaster is toxic algal blooms. The water that is discharged into my area comes out of Lake Okeechobee and goes into the Treasure Coast of Florida. It puts people out of business, kills sea life, sea grass, manatees, and fish. It makes people sick. It destroys home values and businesses. It is all because of a guacamole-like toxic algal bloom that can occur year after year. This can’t continue. Our communities can’t wait any longer. Our lagoons, beaches, and water have to be restored. My amendment increases the Aquatic Plant Control Research Program with-in the Army Corps of Engineers’ Engi-neer Research and Development Cen-ter, or ERDC, by $500,000 above the ap-propriated level. The Aquatic Plant Control Research Program is the only federally author-ized research program directed to de-velop the kind of technology for man-agement of nonindigenous aquatic plant species, like these toxic blooms. When I talk to the Corps about the issue in my community and the com-munities across the country, I am told that they don’t have the technology to scale the type of equipment that cleans out fish tanks to the level that we are facing in these large bodies of water. This amendment replaces the $500,000 shortfall from last year’s appropriation and makes important investments in the research in order to ensure that the Army Corps has all of the information required to develop that technology that can scale the size needed to suc-cessfully complete their mission. Mr. Chair, I urge immediate passage, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment, even though I am not opposed to it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.153 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6430 July 26, 2017 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Idaho is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I un-derstand what the gentleman’s concern is. In fact, it is a concern not only in Florida, but all over the country. It is a concern in Ohio. It is actually a con-cern in Idaho. You wouldn’t think about that, but they are having some problems in Idaho with algal blooms, also. So it is something that we need to get on top of. I would just like to clarify that the amendment does not direct funds to any particular activities so that doesn’t necessarily mean that this will get done, but I understand what the gentleman is trying to do. For that reason, and because it doesn’t upset the balance of the bill, I will not oppose the amendment, but I want to work with him, as well as, I am sure, the ranking member, because this is an issue we have got to address across the country. I appreciate him bringing this matter and this issue to our attention so that we can talk about it. Ms. KAPTUR. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. SIMPSON. I yield to the gentle-woman from Ohio. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I just wanted to add a bit to that. I thank Congressman M
AST very much for offering this amendment. I do think we need to work with the Corps. Obviously, this is a growing problem. We have heard from Florida colleagues. We have heard from colleagues in Ne-vada, throughout the Great Lakes re-gion. These algal blooms are truly fright-ening. In the Midwest, in the Great Lakes region, a major water system was shut down for 3 days in the city of Toledo, denying water to over half a million people for 3 days. It is quite frightening. At the moment, there is no—and I say this for the Corps’ benefit, because it would require cooperation with other agencies—ecosystem satellite mapping or drone technology currently that is able to photo large regions and home in on where the nutrients are that are causing the problem. b2000 As I have gotten into this more deep-ly, we need high science, whether it is high-frequency infrared or whatever we use. We do not have the ability to home in on where the causes are com-ing from and then target the toxic por-tions of those algal blooms. So a lot of work is needed, and I real-ly appreciate the gentleman rising to-night. I know you have gotten the Corps’ attention as you have gotten our attention, and we will work with the chairman to see if we can’t make progress on this really vexing issue. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I appre-ciate the gentlewoman’s comments, and we not only need to work with the Corps, but we also need to work with the EPA in trying to address this issue because it is a lot broader than most people think. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MAST. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. MAST). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 35 OFFERED BY MR . HECK  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. D ONOVAN ). Pursuant to the order of the House of today, it is now in order to consider amendment No. 35 printed in House Re-port 115–259. Mr. HECK. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 270, line 22, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $500,000)’’. Page 273, line 1, after the dollar amount in-sert ‘‘(reduced by 500,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 473, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. H
ECK) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington. Mr. HECK. Mr. Chairman, my amend-ment is about tackling a problem that, frankly, affects every single one of us in every single one of our districts, and that is storm water. Most of us probably don’t think about it very much, but, frankly, when rain falls—it does a lot of that in the Northwest—and flows through our streets and off the shoulders of our highways, it picks up all sorts and kinds of pollutants. We are talking, frankly, about some really nasty stuff: toxic chemicals like arsenic and flame retardants, as well as oil and pes-ticides. Stop and think. The single largest contributor of water pollution in the United States of America is storm water runoff—up to 80 percent in some places. Toxic storm water runoff harms our rivers and our lakes and our water-ways. But it not only harms our envi-ronment, it harms our businesses that depend on clean water, like the shell-fish industry of Washington State which employes, literally, thousands of people. In Puget Sound, the largest estuary in America, storm water runoff lit-erally can kill a salmon in a few hours. Well, salmon and other fish are a way of life in Washington, to the tune of a $30 billion, with a B, economy. Salmon also serve as a vital resource of immeasurable value. For the 19 fed-erally recognized Tribes in the Puget Sound, salmon is their way of life. They are called the salmon people. If we fail to address the problem posed by storm water, these resources will continue to decline, and our com-munities will continue to pay an avoid-able price. So what are we doing right now to stop this from happening? The answer is: a few things, but nowhere near enough. If we are going to truly address the problem, the Federal Government needs to do the basic, and that is set an example. The good news is that Con-gress has recognized this in the past, because about 10 years ago this body passed a law which requires Federal agencies to reduce storm water runoff when they develop or redevelop prop-erty. That is a commonsense require-ment, but we can’t stop there. Research shows that the most cost- effective and efficient way to reduce storm water runoff is through what is called green infrastructure, or low-im-pact development, things like rain gar-dens and permeable pavement and green roofs. You probably won’t be surprised when I share that the largest storm water research center in the United States of America is in my district at our land-grant university, Washington State University’s extension campus in Puyallup. So I am a witness to the promise and the potential of this ap-proach. This amendment simply provides funding for the Army Corps of Engi-neers to determine to what extent they are using these technologies and tech-niques to comply with the require-ments already imposed by Congress. Mr. Chairman, if we are going to help communities and businesses impacted by toxic storm water runoff, it is cru-cial that the Federal Government set the example and lead the way. So I ask you to join me as responsible stewards of taxpayer dollars and ensure that Federal agencies are using the latest and most efficient technology to man-age storm water runoff. Finally, I want to extend my deepest appreciation to the chair of the com-mittee, my friend from Idaho, and the ranking member from Ohio very, very much. I urge adoption of this amend-ment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition to the amendment, even though I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Idaho is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I agree with what the gentleman is trying to do. I would just point out again that this amendment does not direct the funds to any particular activity, so it will actually take some coordination with us and some conversation with the Army Corps of Engineers to make sure that this goes in the area that we would like it to go to to study just what the gentleman was talking about. But because it doesn’t direct it to a particular activity, for that reason and because it does not upset the balance of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.156 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6431 July 26, 2017 
the bill, I will not oppose the amend-ment. In fact, I will support the amend-ment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Washington (Mr. H
ECK). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 37 OFFERED BY MS . KAPTUR  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 37 printed in House Report 115–259. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I rise as the designee of Congressman B
EYER , and I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 277, beginning on line 12, strike sec-tion 108. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 473, the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Ohio. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would essentially strike the provision related to the waters of the United States, section 108. Unfortu-nately, Republican insistence on the inclusion of poison pill riders like this one has derailed several important pieces of legislation over the last few years, especially clean water rural rid-ers. However, let me be plain. This rider is worse than any of those previous versions, and it will not gain the Democratic votes necessary to become law. It actually is a roadblock in the way of us moving our bills forward. This rider would exempt the repeal of the clean water rule from laws that would otherwise apply, including the Administrative Procedure Act, essen-tially allowing the President to act unilaterally, the executive branch to act unilaterally without any input from the public. That doesn’t sound like America to me. The Administrative Procedure Act was a Republican idea to make sure that government is accountable to its citizens and that their input be consid-ered. People have come to expect this in their own communities. Exempting this action on clean water is a very slippery slope toward government by fiat, by an administration which de-serves more scrutiny, I might add, on that front than any in our history. So I urge all my colleagues to sup-port the Kaptur-Beyer amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, this is going to be something that the ranking member and I happen to disagree on. Poison pill riders—I have always liked that term, ‘‘poison pill riders.’’ What they are are policy changes. If they are policy changes you like, they are policy changes. If you don’t like them, they are poison pill riders. So when they had the majority, they put what we considered poison pill riders in their bill, but they were policy changes, and that is what we do in some appropriations bills. But I rise in strong opposition to this amendment. I have been debating this issue for, I don’t know, probably 10 years. While the change in the adminis-tration means that we are able to re-duce the number of the issues we need-ed to address in this bill, some issues warrant continued congressional atten-tion—WOTUS is one of them. My reason for opposing the Obama administration’s WOTUS rule remains the same. The rule would greatly ex-pand Federal jurisdiction over the Clean Water Act. The Supreme Court has twice ruled that the definition used under the Clean Water Act of navigable waters was hard to define and told them that they need a new definition. Well, the EPA’s design on a new defi-nition is, okay, we will just control ev-erything. So everybody thinks that those waters that are now under con-trol of the Clean Water—I mean, of the WOTUS rule written by the Obama ad-ministration were unregulated before. They were not unregulated. They were regulated by the States, and the States did a good job of regulating those things. But now the Federal Government has come in and taken control of all of those States. We think, and the courts have ruled, that this is too broad a def-inition of what they intended and what the Clean Water rule states. Nobody wants dirty water—nobody. But what we want is a rule that sepa-rates what the Federal Government has the authority to control and what the States have the authority to con-trol. President Trump moved quickly on this issue by issuing an executive order in February, and a few weeks ago, the EPA and the Corps announced the first step in a two-step process: a proposed rule to rescind the WOTUS rule and re-codify the previous regulatory text. The second step will be a second rule-making to reevaluate the definition of waters of the United States in a man-ner consistent with the Supreme Court decision. The provision in this bill is sup-portive of these efforts. First, it pro-vides clear authorization to withdraw the Obama administration’s rule. Sec-ond, it clarifies what rule will be in ef-fect if the WOTUS rule is withdrawn, specifically, the same rules that were in effect immediately prior to the pro-mulgation of the final WOTUS rule. And third, it does not affect the Trump administration’s ability to develop a new rule, one that will provide more clarity and certainty for the regulated community while staying within the legal bounds provided by the Supreme Court. For these reasons, I have to oppose this amendment, and I strongly oppose this amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I would just like to comment, in asking my colleagues to support this amendment, that the amendment itself is intended to address the two Supreme Court deci-sions. And in addition, if we leave this language in the bill, the chairman was correct, this is at the policy level. This doesn’t belong in an appropriation bill. Let them deal with this in the courts and the authorizing committees. I think it creates a very, very high speed bump that threatens our bill’s passage as we move forward, so I ask my colleagues to support us on strik-ing the provision related to the waters of the United States, section 108 offered by myself and Mr. BEYER of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield the balance of my time to the gen-tleman from West Virginia (Mr. J
EN-
KINS). Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman so much for his leadership on this issue. WOTUS, waters of the U.S., it has really been talked about for a number of years. This is a classic case of Barack Obama, the administration pre-vious to the Trump administration, overreaching its authority. This is ex-ecutive branch takeover, waters of the U.S., saying that we have got what is called navigable waters and using the executive authority to redefine what navigable waters are. This hurts farmers. This hurts small businesses. The suggestion that just a puddle, a small creek is defined as a navigable water, we know that is sim-ply not the case. Let me remind folks about the three branches of government: legislative, executive, and judiciary. We have Su-preme Court decisions that were put-ting a stop to the overreach of the Obama administration’s WOTUS rule. Thank you to the courts. We now have an opportunity as the legislative branch. We appreciate the work of the executive branch. We ap-preciate the fact that Donald Trump and Scott Pruitt and this administra-tion are working to put a stop to it, be-cause the Court said, as we all know, the Obama administration over-reached. Now what we are doing, what this ap-propriations bill provides is the voice of the legislative branch to say, yes, the prior administration overreached; the executive branch historically needs to be curtailed; the courts were right. We need to speak as the legislative branch giving the authority to stop this onerous rule. I applaud the work of the Appropria-tions Committee. We need to put the legislative stamp of approval on what the Trump administration is doing to stop this overregulation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.159 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6432 July 26, 2017 
I thank the chair, and I certainly op-pose this proposed amendment. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ). The amendment was rejected. b2015 
AMENDMENT NO . 38 OFFERED BY MS . CASTOR OF  
FLORIDA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 38 printed in House Report 115–259. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 286, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $177,000,000)’’. Page 288, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $355,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 473, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. C
ASTOR ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Florida. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, this Republican bill weakens America’s commitment to clean en-ergy. It harms the huge number of jobs that are being created in the renewable energy sector. And it stalls consumer cost savings tied to energy efficiency. Democrats have a different vision. It is one that lowers costs on our neigh-bors back home, and helps create the higher paying jobs of the future. My amendment increases funding for the Energy Efficiency & Renewable En-ergy account by about $177 million, and it reduces funding for the fossil Energy Research and Development account by about $355 million. Energy efficiency and renewable en-ergy initiatives across America have a proven return on investment for tax-payers. This amendment is paid for by reducing, but not eliminating, ac-counts that do not have the same re-turn on investment for taxpayers. Investments in energy efficiency and renewables create jobs and help make our businesses more competitive. En-ergy efficiency reduces costs for con-sumers. And wouldn’t that be a posi-tive development for taxpayers back home, that the Congress is asking to put more money back into their pock-ets? The amount proposed for energy effi-ciency and renewable energy in the Re-publican bill is so low that America will have to reduce the number of re-search, development, and demonstra-tion projects that are often supported with industry, at our great national laboratories, and at our fantastic uni-versities. Mr. Chairman, America should be a leader in innovation and technological advancement. But, instead, the Repub-lican bill says America should take a back seat. Well, America should not take a back seat to anyone. We are in the midst of a technological revolution when it comes to energy and energy ef-ficiency. Look what is happening all across America. We have a very diverse en-ergy portfolio and a growing clean en-ergy and efficiency sector. This is espe-cially important as we tackle the costs and challenges of the changing cli-mate. Look at what we are today because of robust investments of the past decade. The solar industry is creating jobs 12 times faster than the overall U.S. workforce. In 2016, 1 out of every 50 new jobs was in solar energy. Republicans used to say they were for all-of-the-above sources of energy. Well, you can’t say that anymore. The Trump administration and House Republicans are ceding America’s lead-ership role in the world by failing to invest in technologies that will save families and businesses money. Instead, we should work together and face the challenges of the changing cli-mate head-on and not bury our heads in the sand. Sixteen of the 17 hottest years on record have occurred since 2001; including 2016, which was the third consecutive record-breaking year. The rising costs of the changing cli-mate are a real threat to everyone, es-pecially to the families I represent back home in Florida, which is why I filed another amendment that was not ruled in order, an amendment that would limit the Department of Energy from removing the term ‘‘climate change’’ from their publications. That is right, the Trump administra-tion has already removed mention of climate change from government websites, and has deleted a sentence linking climate change to sea level rise in a press release. Ignoring or trying to hide the cost of the changing climate will simply cost us more in the long run. We should be working together on in-vesting in a clean energy future, but that, unfortunately, seems farther away today, unless we adopt an amend-ment like mine and begin to under-stand the realities that we are facing. If we don’t unleash American inge-nuity now, our neighbors back home will face higher AC bills, property in-surance bills, flood insurance bills, and have to put more property taxes into replacing water and wastewater infra-structure. I appreciate Ranking Member K
AP-
TUR’s vision. A little while ago, she was talking about our national labs—the fact that we have the best scientists in the world. Don’t hamstring them by cutting back on our investments in clean energy and energy efficiency. She understands that this is our future that we are talking about. I appreciate her work. I appreciate the work of Chair-man S
IMPSON . I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote on the Castor amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from West Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, let’s step back a minute on this issue. As you can see from this chart, coal, natural gas, and oil—fossil fuels—make up 81 percent of this country’s energy consumption—81 percent. But the proportion of R&D funding, you can see, is only 18 percent, which is far below what is currently being spent on renewables and nuclear. The reality is that America and the entire world are going to be dependent on fossil fuels for years to come. The Energy Information Administration es-timates that by the year 2040, fossil en-ergy will still make up 78 percent of the energy used around the globe. Are my friends on the other side seri-ous about addressing these emissions? Shouldn’t America’s goal be to de-velop the technologies so that we can utilize coal and natural gas around the world in the cleanest, most efficient way possible? Shouldn’t America be that global leader on energy technology? You can’t do that without research. Mr. Chairman, we can’t be cutting re-search on fossil fuels and technology. We should actually be increasing it. Fossil fuels will be around for the foreseeable future. I think we have a responsibility for our children and our grandchildren to make sure that it is burned and used in the most efficient, clean manner that we can, and this re-quires research. Mr. Chairman, the House has soundly defeated similar amendments to this in the past, year after year, and I hope they will defeat this one, too. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I appreciate the remarks of the gentleman from West Virginia. He is a well-spoken advocate for his State. I am not zeroing out the fossil fuel research for R&D, but, instead, we have got to look towards the future. Where are the jobs being created now? It is in renewable energy and energy efficiency, things that are going to put money back into the pockets of con-sumers and unleash this technological revolution so America can stay the leader in the world. Mr. Chairman, I ask for an ‘‘aye’’ vote on the Castor amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, I ap-preciate Ms. C
ASTOR ’s remarks, and I enjoy working with her in committee. But the realization is fossil fuels are consumed in all 50 States. It is not West Virginia we are dealing with. I think Ms. C
ASTOR is concerned about her State, the water quality in her State, and that is what this re-search is going to take care of. We have got to maximize the amount of money that has been put into it. In 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:08 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.162 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6433 July 26, 2017 
the past, we had far more amount of money in this. We need to preserve what we have, and, actually, I am hoping we can plus it up a little bit. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Florida (Ms. C
ASTOR ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Florida will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 39 OFFERED BY MR . NORCROSS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 39 printed in House Report 115–259. Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 286, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $161,725,000)’’. Page 288, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $323,450,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 473, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. N
ORCROSS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Chairman, this important amendment looks to the fu-ture and what we need for our 21st cen-tury clean energy economy. It redi-rects funds so we are sufficiently in-vesting in renewable energy jobs of to-morrow. It is a simple change. The amend-ment simply moves $162 million to the Office of Energy Efficiency & Renew-able Energy. It leaves the amount in that account, and the underlying bill still exceeds what the administration requested. Certainly my colleague from West Virginia understands that investing in the future in technology is extremely important. This bill provides $354 million more for fossil fuels. But by providing the additional resources for energy effi-ciency and renewable energy, we can better meet the needs of the future economy. I happen to agree, we need to invest in all of the above. But we also must invest in solar, wind, water, and geothermal. In fact, New Jersey is sec-ond in the Nation leading in solar and renewables. We must seek that cost-ef-fective way of reducing energy costs for our manufacturing plants, our of-fice buildings, and certainly our homes. We shouldn’t underfund our energy future, let’s make that clear. We should invest in it, the way we are in this bill. But we can redirect a small portion of that for future needs of re-newable energy. Tomorrow might be too late to do the investigation and that research. We can do it today because we need a long- term strategy that takes the best of what we do here in America and con-tinues that. If it is clean coal, we can do that. If it is solar, we can do that. If it is wind, we can do that. We have the ability to do all that, and add high- paying jobs. Let’s make this simple change and reallocate just a small portion of the fund. I encourage my colleagues to sup-port this amendment and embrace the clean energy future. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposi-tion. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the gentleman from New Jersey’s amend-ment. The fossil Energy Research and De-velopment account actually helps the Nation use the full extent of our re-sources safely, wisely, and efficiently. I always hear Members say—and I have heard it several times tonight al-ready—that they support an ‘‘all-of- the-above’’ energy strategy. Unfortunately, this amendment does just the opposite. It picks energy win-ners and losers. The level of funding for fossil Energy R&D in this year’s bill recognizes the important role fossil en-ergy plays in our Nation’s future. At a time when fossil power genera-tion is actually expanding around the globe, the activities funded in the bill advance our Nation’s position as a leader in fossil energy technologies. I just hosted a conference in my home State of West Virginia on some-thing that is getting a lot of attention lately: rare earth elements. I want everybody just to think about that phone that they hold in their hand or, if they are watching on TV, that TV in their home. Guess what. These phones and those TVs have what is called rare earth ele-ments. And you would think by the term ‘‘rare earth,’’ it must mean, gosh, they are rare, hard to find. Guess what. Rare earth elements are found in many places. Amazingly, coal contains an abundant supply of rare earth elements. This is important to our national se-curity because, currently, China has a monopoly on the rare earth element market. Ninety percent of all rare earth elements that are in every phone and every TV are controlled by China. But we know that coal, through re-search, can unlock an abundant supply of these critical elements that we need for everyday technology. So this just isn’t about energy pro-duction. This is about everyday items that impact our life. b2030 So for our Nation’s security and elec-tric grid reliability and use of our do-mestic fossil fuel resources, investment in fossil R&D is critical. Each of these programs represent a partnership with the private sector that provides an even greater leverage to Federal funds. Therefore, I urge our Members to vote against the gentleman from New Jer-sey’s amendment so we can support fossil energy R&D for our country and for our future. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Chair, in many ways, I think my colleague from the other side of the aisle is agreeing with me. We need to do research, that R&D that he is speaking about, but it is about balance. The dollars that were in the underlying bill far exceeded that of what the administration asked for. We are simply saying, let’s not pick one winner, let’s pick them all, and see where that technology of tomorrow is taking us. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the Congresswoman from Maine (Ms. PIN-
GREE ) for her remarks. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chair, I rise today in strong sup-port of the Norcross amendment, and I want to thank my colleague for calling attention to this issue and the impor-tance of EERE. I represent the State of Maine, and we have over 3,000 miles of tidal coast-line and millions of acres of forest. We are famous for our natural resources and the recreational opportunities that they provide, so it would be no surprise that these resources are providing our residents with an abundance of renew-able energy sources. Our State’s natural resources and our efforts have made us one of the leaders in renewable energy development. From solar, to wind, to tidal, to bio-mass, Maine is a leader in renewable energy. Because our State is largely a rural one, with many diverse energy needs in our rural and island communities, we are particularly attentive to rising en-ergy costs and the need to have more ways to solve them. This amendment today would restore funds to the EERE account, and it will help the State of Maine, like so many other States like it that are working hard to move our energy policy to the 21st century. We have traditionally been in one of the most oil-dependent States in the country, but this will help us address rising energy costs with more tools and technologies at our disposal. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support renewable energy, and I sup-port this amendment. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the gen-tleman from New Jersey’s amendment. Let me simply state, while he po-litely suggests we have agreement, bot-tom line, his amendment guts the fos-sil energy R&D. It takes over $300 mil-lion out of the fossil research and de-velopment, the kinds of research and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.166 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6434 July 26, 2017 
development that can generate rare Earth elements and other things that we have talked about, in addition to use for our power generation. Mr. Chair, I simply oppose this amendment and ask for its rejection. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Chair, may I in-quire how much time I have left. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New Jersey has 30 seconds re-maining. Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Chair, this is the first time I have ever heard ‘‘gut-ting’’ by giving millions of additional dollars over the administration. I have worked in nuclear power houses, I have worked in coal power houses, gas-fired, I have worked in solar fields. This is absolutely about the future of our energy needs. We don’t know what it holds, but I do know that investing in research and development is the way to go. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. N
OR-
CROSS ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Jersey will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 40 OFFERED BY MR . QUIGLEY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 40 printed in House Report 115–259. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 286, line 24, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(increased $921,000,000)’’. Page 297, line 21, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(reduced by $921,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 473, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Q
UIGLEY ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Chairman, some of us in this room are old enough to re-member duck and cover. As kids, the notion was that, if you hid under a half-inch plywood piece of desk under a thermonuclear attack, you would be safe. It is not a particularly rational idea, but not much more rational than our current nuclear posture. For decades, Presidents and Members of Congress from both parties have worked together to prevent the use and spread of nuclear weapons and mate-rials. Starting with President Reagan’s leadership, American Presidents have reduced the size of America’s nuclear arsenal from its Cold War peak. In fact, Republican Presidents have cut the ar-senal far more aggressively than their Democratic counterparts, yet this year’s Energy and Water bill doubles down on an outdated Cold War strategy by unnecessarily diverting precious re-sources to build new nukes. It remains unclear how these weap-ons will solve 21st century national se-curity threats such as terrorism, cyber attacks, or global warming. Rather than wasting dollars to keep up the status quo, we must find ways to replace the U.S. nuclear arsenal while maintaining a force capable of deterring nuclear attack against the U.S. and its allies. In 2013, the Pentagon determined that the U.S. could reduce its deployed strategic nuclear force by one-third below its current levels and still meet security requirements. According to the former vice chair of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the military utility of U.S. tactical nuclear weapons, such as the B61, is practically nil. Defense Sec-retary Mattis has raised doubts about the need for the new ICBMs, and they need to take a closer look at the new nuclear-armed cruise missile. Rather than wasting tax dollars to keep up the status quo, we must find ways to replace the U.S. nuclear arse-nal while maintaining a force capable of nuclear deterrent. It is worse than that. This bill pro-poses to add nearly $1 billion to the nu-clear weapons activities account by gutting the Department of Energy of-fice responsible for research and appli-cation of technology to increase energy efficiency and renewable energy. DOE’s EERE has traditionally enjoyed bipar-tisan support and is crucial to research and development in clean renewable energies, energy use reduction tech-nologies, vehicle engines, geothermal technology, and advanced batteries. This is a government success story. The $12 billion we invested in EERE, through 2012, yielded a more than $230 billion benefit to the U.S. economy, and EERE has an annual return on in-vestment of more than 20 percent. En-tire industries are built on the back of the work EERE does, stimulating a ro-bust domestic clean energy economy. The role of EERE is also critical to furthering the transition to a low-car-bon economy and ensuring long-term, robust, sustainable economic growth. That is why this amendment would take $922 million from nuclear weapons activities and give it back to EERE. Just to be clear, this would still be a cut to that office. The current bill funds EERE at $986 million less than the current enacted level, but it would go a long way towards fixing this mis-take. Mr. Chair, I urge committee mem-bers to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment—not just opposition to this amendment, but strong opposition to this amendment. This bill fully funds the request of $10.2 billion for weapons activities, which is, as the gentleman stated, an increase of $921 million over fiscal year 2017. I have got to tell you, from his com-ments, you would think we were grow-ing the nuclear stockpile. The reality is we are decreasing the size of the nu-clear stockpile currently under the new START program. But even having done that, we have to fund the moderniza-tion of our nuclear stockpile, and it is one of my highest priorities in this bill. The activities the gentleman pro-poses to cut are the primary reasons the Energy and Water bill is being in-cluded as a division in the Defense minibus, because maintaining the nu-clear weapons stockpile is essential to our Nation’s national security. The increase provided in this bill to weapons activities is needed to extend the life of four nuclear warheads and to address the continued deterioration of the infrastructure at the Department of Energy’s nuclear sites. These invest-ments are long overdue and must be funded if our Nation is to have a cred-ible nuclear deterrent, regardless of the size of that nuclear deterrent. I would say that the Department of Defense is carrying out a nuclear pos-ture review that will inform future funding needs. Until that concludes, there is no change in our Nation’s nu-clear defense requirements, and Con-gress, I believe, must fully fund those requirements if our Nation is to have a credible nuclear deterrent. Increases are also needed, as I said, to address the aging infrastructure at the Department of Energy’s nuclear en-ergy sites. Mr. Chair, I strongly oppose this amendment that the gentleman from Illinois is offering and would encourage my colleagues to vote against it. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Chairman, re-spectfully, what the gentleman is talk-ing about has been done many times. Again, in 2013, the Pentagon said we could do this with one-third of the weapons we have now. The cost of restoring a weapon like the B61 is more than its weight in gold. We have already been told we have too many. So the plan here is, let’s restore as many as possible, build as many as we possibly can, and maybe in the fu-ture we will be told again that we don’t need this many. In the meantime, we are using those resources to cut nec-essary programs. Mr. Chair, I ask for Members’ sup-port, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I would say that the Secretary of Energy is re-quired to report to the President on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00134 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.169 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6435 July 26, 2017 
the safety and reliability of our nu-clear stockpile. This is part of that re-quirement by the Department of En-ergy so that they can assure the Presi-dent that our nuclear stockpile is safe and reliable. Modernizing these nuclear weapons makes sense. Now, we can sit and argue whether we need all these nuclear weapons or not—I happen to think we can get by on quite a number fewer nuclear weap-ons—but we still have to maintain the nuclear weapons stockpile that we cur-rently have and let the Department of Defense do their Nuclear Posture Re-view and make a determination of what ought to be the ultimate number of nuclear weapons we have, but, as long as we have this, we have got to make sure they are safe and they are reliable. Mr. Chair, I would encourage my col-leagues to vote against this amend-ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. Q
UIGLEY ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 41 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 41 printed in House Report 115–259. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 286, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $986,292,000)’’. Page 288, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $634,600,000)’’. Page 297, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $352,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 473, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chair, my amendment would simply restore the funding cuts to the Energy Efficiency & Renewable Energy account just to fund at the same levels it was funded last year. That is $986 million. And I will tell you where we find those funds and take it from in a minute. It takes them from two pro-grams: the fossil fuel energy and re-search account and the nuclear weap-ons account. So we should invest in our future for energy efficiency and renewable energy rather than throwing more money at the past and into nuclear weapons. Fossil fuel research and development is a dead end for America, for our econ-omy, for the clean air that we need, and for our water. Continuing to fund fossil fuels, whether it makes them marginally cleaner or not, is simply throwing money at the past rather than the future. Regardless of how clean we make fos-sil fuel extraction, it is never as clean or, more importantly, as sustainable as renewable energy, and definitely won’t be as cheap or sustainable as clean en-ergy. I am the proud sponsor of a bill for our country to reach 100 percent renew-able energy by 2050, but to be able to do that, we need the investment in re-search and development. Frankly, investing in nuclear weap-ons when we already have enough nu-clear capabilities to destroy every man, woman, and child on this planet seven times over is simply wasteful. Nuclear weapons receive over $10 bil-lion, while renewable energy receives a measly $986 million. I was talking to one of my constitu-ents a little while ago, Nancy Cronk from Colorado, and she agreed that we simply spend too much on potentially having the capability of destroying the world through nuclear weapons, rather than investing in a renewable energy future. We don’t live in Cold War times. We don’t need Cold War-level spending for facilities that the military hasn’t used in over 20 years. b2045 We should be following the advice, in this case, of the Department of Defense and focusing on the renewable energy account, which helps fund national labs like the National Renewable Energy Laboratory in Golden. The most recent study of the Na-tional Renewable Energy Laboratory’s economic impact alone shows it to-taled over $800 million nationally. In addition, CU Boulder and NREL jointly operate the Renewable and Sustainable Energy Institute, which is located in Colorado, which helps advance renew-able energy science, engineering, and analysis through industry partnerships and education. That is the future of our country, Mr. Chairman, and the future of the world. And by undercutting our investment in our future and throwing money at the past, and being able to kill every man, woman, and child seven times instead of six times, we are losing the forest through the trees, and we are making our country less secure, not more se-cure. The Building Technologies Offices, NREL, and many others receiving funds under this account do amazing work to pull us into the 21st century, like using 3D printing for wind blades. Not only that, their work helps save consumers money because of energy ef-ficiency. In fact, an estimate shows that from 2009 to 2015, the work of the Energy Ef-ficiency & Renewable Energy program has saved consumers more than $543 billion and reduced carbon pollution by 2.3 billion metric tons. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to adopt this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I am not opposed to the EERE. I actually like the program. But we had to make some difficult decisions, and our high-est priority is maintaining our nuclear stockpile and making sure that our de-fense activities were fully funded. Secondly, it was making sure that the Army Corps of Engineers was fully funded at the WRDA level that our col-leagues here on the floor always insist on. That means we had to make some difficult decisions within the Depart-ment of Energy. EERE, we did the best we could. But when the gentleman says, you know, we are not living in the Cold War anymore, so we don’t need the nu-clear weapons and stuff and we don’t need these facilities and stuff, you are right, we are not living in the Cold War anymore. It is scarier times right now than it was in the Cold War. You never need those facilities until you need those facilities, and you bet-ter have had them by then. That is the problem. It is not looking forward. So I oppose this amendment because we have done our best within the weap-ons activities to make sure that we do what our Nation requires, and that is to make sure that we have a safe, reli-able, and secure nuclear stockpile. And we ought to let the Defense De-partment come out with their Nuclear Posture Review and tell us what they believe we need as a weapons system, altogether, when that review comes out. I oppose it also because it takes money for the arguments made by my friends from West Virginia, because it takes money out of the fossil energy research. As they said every time I have asked the Department of Energy, ‘‘What do you think the amount of en-ergy we are going to consume over the next 20 or 30 years that comes from hy-drocarbons, coal, and natural gas, is going to be in the future,’’ it is actu-ally a larger part, not a smaller part. And while I have been to NREL, I think NREL is a great lab. They do some incredible work out there. We want to support them. We want to make sure that they stay open and that they can do the job that we have asked them to do and that our other labs can also. But this amendment, I think, is di-rectly the wrong direction to go. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. SIMPSON. I yield to the gen-tleman from West Virginia. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I will be very brief. By my calculation, this is about the third or fourth amendment from the minority trying to take money out of a very important future-looking initia-tive, the fossil energy R&D, and redi-rect it elsewhere. They keep trying to raid this important funding. I am sitting here with my colleague from West Virginia, who NETL is actu-ally physically in his district. There is no stronger champion of NETL than 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00135 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.172 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6436 July 26, 2017 
the gentleman from West Virginia. This is hundreds of jobs in our State, in his district, but the impact of their work reaches across the country and literally around the world. I spoke on a previous attack on this funding a moment ago. I defend strong-ly the work of the fossil energy R&D. And to suggest this is just looking to yesterday is missing the point that I made a moment ago talking about rare earth elements and unlocking the po-tential that these fossil resources have in so many ways, not just energy pro-duction. So I thank the chairman of the sub-committee for recognizing and sup-porting fossil energy R&D; and my col-league from West Virginia, who is such a staunch supporter of NETL, and my ability to work with him. Please, I encourage people to reject the gentleman’s amendment. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for recognizing the im-portance of the Energy Efficient & Re-newable Energy account. It is an in-credibly high priority for economic de-velopment. We talked about the jobs and technology transfers that come out of that fund. We also talked about its need for energy independence in our fu-ture. I hope the chairman is willing to work on finding other agreeable fund-ing sources to hold that account harm-less and plus it up. I want to highlight a couple of other important projects funded from the EERE account, large and small. One example is the EERE’s Vehicle Tech-nologies Office which awarded $500,000. It doesn’t sound like a lot, but it makes an enormous difference on the ground for the Clean City Coalition to support Project FEVER, to foster the development of Colorado State’s accel-eration of plug-in electric vehicles, which are in extremely high demand. The Clean Cities project helped to de-velop a comprehensive electric vehicle strategy, including supply readiness and implementation. The project has already saved over 7.5 billion gallons of petroleum. These are just some of the many projects that we should be focused on because they are truly our future. Rather than expanding our nuclear ar-senal, rather than throwing money into the past with additional fossil fuel research, we can move toward cleaner air, cleaner water, more jobs, a strong-er economy, and energy independence through clean, renewable energy. That is why I ask you to support my amendment that will increase EERE funding and decrease funding for fossil fuel research and unnecessary and dan-gerous nukes that would destroy the world more than is reasonably needed as a deterrent. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to adopt my amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS). The amendment was rejected. AMENDMENT NO . 42 OFFERED BY MR . MCKINLEY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 42 printed in House Report 115–259. Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
On page 286, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $33,400,000)’’. On page 288 line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $33,400,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 473, the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
CKINLEY ) and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia. Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is simple. We are merely restoring the Fossil Energy Research & Development program back to the lev-els of 2017—merely back to the levels of 2017. We must put it in perspective. It is still $300 million less than it was under President Bush. Let’s also put it in perspective. As I showed earlier on the chart, the con-sumption of fossil fuels make up 81 per-cent of all the country’s energy con-sumption; 81 percent fossil fuels of coal, natural gas, and oil. But the level of research is only at 18 percent of the money that we have currently. Now, I just heard a minute ago some-one say this is pretty balanced. Look, I may be just an engineer, but I don’t think 18 percent is the equivalent of 81 percent. There is something wrong with that. I am not here to argue that America shouldn’t be investing in renewables and nuclear. That wouldn’t be appro-priate. But the reality is that America and the entire world will be relying on fossil energy for years to come. The Energy Information Administra-tion estimated that by 2040, fossil en-ergy is still going to make up 78 per-cent of the world’s consumption. So shouldn’t it be America’s goal to lead the world, to have that mantle of lead-ership, to develop the technologies that we can export to other countries around the world that are going to con-tinue to use coal and gas and oil in the cleanest and most efficient way? Shouldn’t we, again, be that global leader on this? But we can’t do this without leader-ship. Mr. Chairman, let’s consider the his-tory of this, the fossil research from the Federal Government. Just remem-ber the threat years ago, back in the eighties, we had of acid rain. It was the research in our Federal labs all across America that reduced the emissions of SOx and NO
Xgases and addressing cleaned up acid rain and reduced it. The reduction in CO
2emissions around the globe and around America have come as a result of fossil fuel re-search. On a per capita basis today, we are now emitting—on a per capita basis, this is the lowest level of CO2 emissions we have had in over 50 years, thanks to fossil fuel research. And the shale gas revolution that made America the biggest producer of gas in the world, it originated in our Federal laboratories in research. That is just part of where we have been. Now go into the future. Someone said this is a fuel of the past. How can it be when the R&D money—look what they are working on in our labs all across America, virtually in every one of our districts across this country. We are doing a carbon capture, utilization, and storage. We are doing chemical loop-ing. They are studying and under-standing methane hydrates. You talked earlier about rare earth elements are being detected now in coal seams all across America. What about oxy-combustion? All of that is coming out of current research, fresh research that we will be able to export around the world so that other countries will be able to burn their coal more cleanly. So, look, Congress should not be in the way, picking winners or losers, and it shouldn’t jeopardize the work of our laboratories. If we are serious about re-ducing emissions, Congress should be putting more money into this program, not reducing it. In an ideal world, the funding level for R&D should be much higher. As I said, under President Bush it was $300 million more than it is today. But I un-derstand the fiscal constraints we have. So let’s utilize our domestic energy source, energy supply in the most effi-cient and clean way possible. We do that through our research from our Federal laboratories. Mr. Chairman, I urge the House to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. I respect Congressman M
CKINLEY ’s amendment and his desire to help America and help his own State. And for my entire career, I have voted for clean coal research and devel-opment because southern Ohio has a whole lot of Btus underground in the form of coal. However, I really object to the gen-tleman taking the funds from the En-ergy Efficiency & Renewable Energy account. I would like you to know that that account, in this bill, is cut $986 million below last year’s level, and that is a deep concern because that is the part of our economy that is grow-ing. Ten percent of the jobs produced in the energy sector are in renewables, and we actually employ more people in solar and in wind energy than we do in coal extraction. So we know that a major part of our future lies in new en-ergy technologies, these developing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00136 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.175 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6437 July 26, 2017 
technologies which have been proving themselves. An additional cut of $33.4 million in the EERE account would further weak-en these new technologies. And I will guarantee you that the technologies are so valuable that the Russians and the Chinese are hacking into these companies repeatedly because of their importance to the future, and they rec-ognize where the future is headed. And we have got a real job on our hands to hold on to these technologies because of that and because of their market manipulation. China is a great market manipulator. She has a state-run economy, and it is not fair. If they can’t steal the tech-nology directly—if you invest over there and you take your technology there, they steal your IT there. b2100 So just since 2003, our country has spent $2.6 trillion importing foreign pe-troleum. When you think about the im-portance of America being energy inde-pendent here at home, coal, clean coal, has a role to play in that, but these new technologies have a major role to play as well. We all support a diverse energy portfolio to eliminate our reli-ance on imported energy—some would say addiction to imported energy. We have been breaking that addiction. We should be advancing technology to clean up fossil energy, yes, and this bill already does that with sufficient funding to the fossil energy accounts. Our country should be leading invest-ment in these technologies, not just for our own energy security, but also for economic opportunities and the jobs that this expanding market is already providing us. We can’t really afford to cede this market to any other country in the world, and I oppose this amendment and urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, let me just close quickly by saying we are not talking about West Virginia. We are talking about all across the coun-try. These laboratories are located in colleges and universities all across America. Coal is something that is expanding. Our exports are up 58 percent. People around the world are going to use coal. I think it is the responsibility for us to show them how to burn it cleanly. China is going to increase their use by 43 percent. India is going to double its consumption in that same timeframe. When you compare the amount of re-search, only 18 percent currently of all the Federal dollars for research is in fossil fuel, but 56 percent is in renew-able. That is not balanced. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
CKIN-
LEY). The amendment was agreed to. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WEBER of Texas) having assumed the chair, Mr. D
ONOVAN , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under con-sideration the bill (H.R. 3219) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2018, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR FURTHER CONSID-ERATION OF H.R. 3219, DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2018, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MO-TIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES Mr. SESSIONS, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–261) on the resolution (H. Res. 478) providing for further consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 3219) making ap-propriations for the Department of De-fense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2018, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of mo-tions to suspend the rules, which was referred to the House Calendar and or-dered to be printed. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 473 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 3219. Will the gentleman from New York (Mr. D
ONOVAN ) kindly resume the chair. b2104 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 3219) making appropriations for the De-partment of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes, with Mr. D
ONOVAN  (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, amendment No. 42 printed in House Re-port 115–259, offered by the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
CKINLEY ) had been disposed of. 
AMENDMENT NO . 43 OFFERED BY MR . PERRY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 43 printed in House Report 115–259. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: Page 286, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $15,000,000)’’. Page 296, line 10, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $15,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 473, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ERRY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, I would like to begin by thanking the chairman of the full committee for his extraor-dinary work and for the chairman of the subcommittee for this auspicious opportunity. I have been listening to the argu-ments recently that we have had on the floor regarding the most recent amendments between fossil fuels and renewables, and I am hoping to strike a sweet spot here. I am not picking on fossil fuels, and I am going to talk about a renewable that I think every-body has an affinity for and an agree-ment with. This amendment simply increases funding for hydroelectric through the EERE by $15 million and decreases funding to the bureaucracy. There is no increase to the budget. This amend-ment just increases the appropriation for the Office of Energy and Efficiency and Renewable Energy because hydro-power is available in every region of the country; 2,200 hydropower plants provide America’s most abundant source of clean, renewable electricity. I would say it is the first renewable. It accounts for 67 percent of domestic re-newable generation and, clearly, 7 per-cent of total electricity generation. By 2025, hydropower would create al-most a million and a half new, good, high-paying jobs. It can be imple-mented in rivers, harbors, coastal areas, et cetera, to capture energy from currents and tides. Harnessing this energy will create a truly and ab-solutely renewable and green source of energy without any emissions and with little fanfare to everybody involved. Hydro is predictable year-round power output, while other renewable source outputs can be variable in some areas and necessitate the use of large battery banks and alternate power sources. For instance, sometimes when the wind doesn’t blow, believe it or not, if you don’t know it, there is a gas- fired generator often associated with those windmill farms that has to come on because base load isn’t being serv-iced. Hydropower facilities are quiet, un-obtrusive, while many people report that considerable noise is generated by wind power and that land is taken up by huge solar farms. Hydropower is base load energy. That means it is on all the time, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, just sitting there turning out the power so that you can hit the light switch when you come home and not wonder: Is the power going to be on? It backs up other inter-mittent sources of energy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00137 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.178 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6438 July 26, 2017 
Hydropower is safe. It harms neither fish nor man. It all faces a comprehen-sive and regular regulatory approval process. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. I claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentlewoman from Oregon is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of Mr. P
ERRY ’s amendment and the power and poten-tial of clean marine hydrokinetic en-ergy, and I first want to thank Chair-man S
IMPSON and Ranking Member K
APTUR for their leadership in sup-porting the Water Power Technologies Office. The Water Power Technologies Office invests in research and develop-ment that supports hydropower, pumped storage, and marine energy. Furthermore, I want to thank the chair and ranking member for includ-ing $30 million in the 2017 omnibus for the creation of a wave energy test cen-ter, which is now located at Oregon State University. This robust invest-ment will help the United States lead in the field of marine hydrokinetic en-ergy. The increase this amendment proposes will support hydropower and the development of innovative hydro-power technologies, along with marine and hydrokinetic energy technologies. Development of these new technologies can offer the United States leadership in an emerging area of abundant re-newable energy. Marine and hydrokinetic energy, in particular, energy from waves, cur-rents, and tides, is an exciting frontier in the renewable energy sector. Cur-rently, Oregon State University, Uni-versity of Washington, and the Univer-sity of Alaska Fairbanks are partnering to support the testing and research activities of the Northwest National Marine Renewable Energy Center. This center will provide vision-ary entrepreneurs with a domestic lo-cation to test wave energy devices, along with other technologies, rather than traveling to Scotland to use the European test center. Without contin-ued Federal investment, Europe will remain the leader in this important work. When fully developed, wave and tidal energy systems could generate a sig-nificant amount of total energy used in the United States. As Congress pro-motes technologies that can help lower our constituents’ energy bills, we must explore new and innovative solutions like marine and hydrokinetic renew-able energy. Thank you again to the chairman and ranking member for their hard work and legislative leadership on this issue, and thank you to Representative P
ERRY for his leadership. Mr. Chair, I urge support for this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, a lot of what we hear is is that our constitu-ents wish that we would work together more often, and I thank the gentle-woman for her comments and her sup-port; and I think it is just proof that we can work together for something that we agree on, which is clean power, the power to just power our future, and that comes from hydroelectricity. I don’t know why it is not as sexy as it should be. I think it is one of the greatest marvels of technology start-ing back since the beginning of time and when power was first generated, and I don’t understand why we don’t rely on it more. To that end, literally 60,000 megawatts of preliminary permits and projects await final approval and are pending before FERC in 45 States right now. Eighty thousand—80,000—nonpow-ered dams in the United States, of which 600 have immediate hydro capa-bility, right now could be producing en-ergy. Mr. Chair, 80,000 nonpowered dams in the United States, just think about that. And the State I hail from and I am privileged to represent a portion of, Pennsylvania, has 678 megawatts of un-tapped hydropower right now. Mr. Chairman, I would just urge all of our colleagues to vote for this amendment. I, again, appreciate the chairmen of the committee and of the sub-committee for this opportunity, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to the remaining time, please. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman has 21⁄2minutes remaining. Ms. BONAMICI. I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. P
IN-
GREE ), a strong supporter of hydro-power. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, thank you very much to my colleague from Oregon for yielding me time. Mr. Chairman, I, too, want to rise in support, today, of the Perry amend-ment. I thank my colleague from Oregon and my colleague from Pennsylvania for their leadership on this important renewable energy issue. I also want to thank the chair of the subcommittee, Mr. S
IMPSON , whom I am fortunate to also serve on the Inte-rior Committee with. Mr. S
IMPSON has worked hard on this bill to increase some of the levels of funding above the abysmal levels that were proposed by the administration’s budget earlier this year. And also, to our ranking member, Ms. K
APTUR , my friend from Ohio, I thank her for her commitment to re-newable energy and our energy future. The amendment before us today would provide a modest increase in funding to the Department of Energy’s Water Power Program. It is a bipar-tisan effort, and I am pleased to be part of that. It comes from the fact that many parts of the country are seeking the real benefits of tidal energy that generates incredible power, or of hydrokinetic power that taps the power of flowing water. In response to my colleague from Pennsylvania, in Maine, we think tidal energy is very sexy. The Department of Energy supports private sector research, development, and implementation of hydropower, pumped storage, and marine tidal en-ergy. It supports cutting-edge research and makes sure that the office supports all three types of water-based tech-nologies. Last year, nearly 100 teams competed in a competition for an Energy Depart-ment-funded wave energy prize, with 20 finalists coming from 10 States, show-ing the breadth of interest in this work. Congress needs to support multi-faceted work at a level that will con-tinue to allow for innovation. Mr. Chairman, I urge all my col-leagues to support renewable energy, support water power, and support the Perry amendment. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I strongly support this amendment and encourage all of you to do the same. As the sponsor of the amendment ex-plained, this does not take additional money, cuts down on bureaucracy, and puts the dollars into important work, like marine and hydrokinetic renew-able energy. Mr. Chairman, I urge support, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PERRY ). The amendment was agreed to. b2115 
AMENDMENT NO . 44 OFFERED BY MS . ESTY OF  
CONNECTICUT  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 44 printed in House Report 115–259. Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 286, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $20,000,000)’’. Page 288, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $40,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 473, the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Connecticut. Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in support of my amend-ment to increase funding for the Ad-vanced Manufacturing Office by $20 million. I want to thank my colleagues, Rep-resentative T
OMREED, JOHN KATKO , and J
ACKY ROSEN for their partnership in this bipartisan amendment. Our amendment is about protecting and creating millions of good-paying 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:28 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00138 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.181 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6439 July 26, 2017 
jobs in Connecticut and across the country. Our amendment will help us ensure that the technologically ad-vanced products of the future will be manufactured, not in China, not in India, but right here in the United States of America. The Department of Energy’s Ad-vanced Manufacturing Office is the only technology development office within the Federal Government that is dedicated to enhancing American man-ufacturing competitiveness. The Ad-vanced Manufacturing Office works to help manufacturers improve energy and material efficiency, technology, and productivity. Unfortunately, the appropriations bill before us today cuts funding to the Advanced Manufacturing Office by $155.5 million from fiscal year 2017 en-acted levels, and that is a mistake. Manufacturing is one of the most im-portant sectors of the U.S. economy. In 2016, manufacturing contributed $2.18 trillion to our economy and employed 12.3 million workers. In my home State of Connecticut, manufacturing has long been our economic backbone. Connecticut is home to nearly 5,000 manufacturing companies that provide good-paying jobs for 76,000 Connecticut residents. This amendment helps American manufacturers all across the country to be more competitive by re-ducing energy costs. Manufacturing is very energy inten-sive. In fact, according to the National Association of Manufacturers, manu-facturers consume more than 30 per-cent of our Nation’s energy. That translates to $130 billion in costs to U.S. manufacturers every year. Adequately funding the Advanced Manufacturing Office, will help reduce energy costs to manufacturers, freeing up their budgets to invest in research and development, expand their facili-ties, and, most importantly, hire more people. Our amendment also helps American manufacturers become more competi-tive by addressing critical workforce needs in energy efficiency. Last year, I visited Forum Plastics, a plastic molding company based in Wa-terbury, Connecticut. I met with em-ployees to discuss the expectations and challenges facing manufacturers in America today, and one of the topics that came up was how businesses strug-gle to hire workers with the right skills. Yet, that same year, Forum Plastics partnered with the Advanced Manufacturing Office to carry out an industrial assessment project. The Industrial Assessment Centers program is a tool for employers to re-cruit individuals with hands-on experi-ence in energy efficiency. Mr. Chairman, now is not the time to roll back investments in American manufacturing. It is the time to in-crease our support for U.S. manufac-turing. I know all of us in this Cham-ber are committed to promoting good- paying jobs in the communities we rep-resent, but it is not enough to say we are committed. We need to make job creation a pri-ority, and that means making Amer-ican manufacturing a priority. I urge my colleagues to support our amend-ment which increases funding to the Department of Energy’s Advanced Manufacturing Office by $20 million, fully paid for by a reduction in the more than $350 million plus-up to fund-ing for the Office of Fossil Energy Re-search & Development. This bipartisan amendment is a win for American manufacturing and a win for our economy. I urge my colleagues to support our bipartisan amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, first, let me say, it was not a $300-some-odd-mil-lion plus-up in the fossil energy re-search. In fact, I think the fossil en-ergy research account was down from last year. It was more than the President re-quested, but it is not a plus-up from what it was in 2017. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The amendment would increase funding for the Energy Efficiency & Renewable Energy by $20 million but has to use $40 million from the Fossil Energy Research & Develop-ment account as an offset. This bill was the result of some tough choices. I have to admit, they were some tough choices. It is not that I oppose the program that the good lady advocates for, but there were some tough choices. We had to prioritize research and development that will increase our energy independ-ence. Our domestic energy resources are vast, and this bill strikes a balance to lay the foundations for future energy generation technologies, while main-taining full support for the resources we use most today. Increasing funding for EERE by di-verting funding from fossil energy strikes the wrong balance when consid-ering the Nation’s electricity needs. Fossil fuels produce 65 percent of the electricity we use today and will con-tinue to provide the majority of the Nation’s energy needs in the future. This amendment would reduce fund-ing for a program that ensures that we use our Nation’s fossil fuel resources as well, and as cleanly as possible. For all of the reasons that team fossil talked about earlier tonight, I must oppose the amendment and urge my Members to do the same. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Chair, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman has 30 seconds remaining. Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Chair, again, I urge my colleagues to support this. If we can help our manufacturers be more efficient in their use of energy, we can help them be more competitive, hire more people, and develop that clean energy technology for coal. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Connecticut will be postponed. The Chair understands that amend-ment No. 46 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 49 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 49 printed in House Report 115–259. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 296, line 10, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 473, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, in these difficult times, I want to thank the chairman and ranking member, Chairman S
IMPSON and Ranking Mem-ber K
APTUR of the subcommittee, for shepherding this legislation to the floor, and for their efforts, and the commitment that we all have to pre-serving America’s great natural envi-ronment and resources so that they can serve and be enjoyed by generations to come. My amendment increases funding for the DOE departmental administration by $1 million, which should be used to enhance the Department’s Environ-mental Justice program activities. The Environmental Justice program is an essential tool in the effort to im-prove the lives of low-income and mi-nority communities, as well as the en-vironment at large. Twenty years ago, this particular program was estab-lished directing Federal agencies to identify and address the disproportion-ately high and adverse human health or environmental effects of their ac-tions on minority and low-income pop-ulations. So we have engaged with Historically Black Colleges, minority-serving insti-tutions, Tribal colleges, and other or-ganizations to improve and develop the sustainability through developing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00139 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.185 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6440 July 26, 2017 
young people and faculty to work on these important issues. The crisis in Flint, Michigan, teaches us how important it is that minority groups and low-income communities are not placed at a disadvantage when it comes to environmental threats and hazards like lead in drinking water or nesting areas for mosquitos carrying the Zika virus. I particularly remem-ber convening a Zika task force in Houston to ensure that areas in my community, because of the sitting water and a lot of heat, did not breed these mosquitos to create a dev-astating condition in some of our com-munities. This Environmental Justice program is extremely important, involving com-munity education and advisory projects, community capacity building through technology, the Community Leaders Institute, but, more impor-tantly, it works on important research. Mr. Chair, might I find out how much time I have remaining. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I want to make note of the fact that in some of the universities that partici-pate in this program, the chairs— meaning the faculty chairs—are a team of world-class scholars, researchers, and educators from 14 Historically Black Colleges and Universities, one Hispanic-serving institution, who ad-vance research, enhance academics, promote partnerships, and effect out-reach in the environmental sciences. Finally, the Minority Serving Insti-tutions Program that includes a wide array of institutions provides funding to minority-serving institutions to ad-vance scientific research, student in-ternships, faculty fellowships, and cur-riculum development. Mr. Chair, the more we can invest in science and research, helping to im-prove our environment—and let me make it very clear, in urban and rural areas. This is not an urban program only. It is urban and rural areas. The more we can help our communities be clean and environmentally safe and se-cure, the more we create a better qual-ity of life for all people, no matter what their economic station in life or where they live. Mr. Chair, I want to thank Chairman S
IMP-
SON and Ranking Member K APTUR for shep- herding this legislation to the floor and for their commitment to preserving America’s great nat-ural environment and resources so that they can serve and be enjoyed by generations to come. My amendment increases funding for DOE departmental administration by $1,000,000 which should be used to enhance the Depart-ment’s Environmental Justice program activi-ties. Mr. Chair, the Environmental Justice Pro-gram is an essential tool in the effort to im-prove the lives of low income and minority communities as well as the environment at large. Twenty years ago, on February 11, 1994, President Clinton issued Executive Order 12898, directing federal agencies to identify and address the disproportionately high and adverse human health or environmental ef-fects of their actions on minority and low-in-come populations. A healthy environment sustains a productive and healthy community which fosters personal and economic growth. Maintaining funds for environmental justice that go to Historically Black Colleges and Uni-versities, Minority Serving Institutions, Tribal Colleges, and other organizations is impera-tive to protecting sustainability and growth of the community and environment. The funding of these programs is vital to en-suring that minority groups are not placed at a disadvantage when it comes to the environ-ment and the continued preservation of their homes. The crisis in Flint, Michigan teaches us how important it that minority groups and low-in-come communities are not placed at a dis-advantage when it comes to environment threats and hazards like lead in drinking water or nesting areas for mosquitos carrying the Zika virus. Through education about the importance of environmental sustainability, we can promote a broader understanding of science and how citizens can improve their surroundings. Funds that would be awarded to this impor-tant cause would increase youth involvement in STEM fields and also promote clean en-ergy, weatherization, clean-up, and asset revi-talization. These improvements would provide protection to our most vulnerable groups. This program provides better access to technology for underserved communities. To-gether, the Department of Energy and Depart-ment of Agriculture have distributed over 5,000 computers to low income populations. The Community Leaders Institute is another vital component of the Environmental Justice Program. It ensures that those in leadership positions understand what is happening in their communities and can therefore make in-formed decisions in regards to their commu-nities. In addition to promoting environmental sus-tainability, CLI also brings important factors in-cluding public health and economic develop-ment into the discussion for community lead-ers. The CLI program has been expanded to better serve Native Americans and Alaska Na-tives, which is a prime example of how various other minority groups can be assisted as well. Through community education efforts, teachers and students have also benefitted by learning about radiation, radioactive waste management, and other related subjects. The Department of Energy places interns and volunteers from minority institutions into energy efficiency and renewable energy pro-grams. The DOE also works to increase low income and minority access to STEM fields and help students attain graduate degrees as well as find employment. Since 2002, the Tribal Energy Program has also funded 175 energy projects amounting to over $41.8 million in order to help tribes invest in renewable sources of energy. With the continuation of this kind of funding, we can provide clean energy options to our most underserved communities and help im-prove their environments, which will yield bet-ter health outcomes and greater public aware-ness. We must help our low income and minority communities and ensure equality for those who are most vulnerable in our country. I ask my colleagues to join me and support the Jackson Lee Amendment for the Environ-mental Justice Program. Mr. Chair, I ask my friends and my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  L
EE). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 50 OFFERED BY MS . MICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM OF NEW MEXICO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 50 printed in House Report 115–259. Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 297, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $98,000,000) (increased by $98,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 473, the gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from New Mexico. Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Chair, my amendment ensures that NNSA has adequate work space to fulfil its national security mission. In my home State of New Mexico, over 1,000 Federal and contract employees at NNSA currently work in a network of old and rapidly deterio-rating facilities on Kirtland Air Force Base in New Mexico. A portion of the existing facility in-cludes a 60-year-old former military barracks, which creates a number of health, safety, and quality-of-life issues for its employees. These employ-ees are involved in some of our Na-tion’s most important national secu-rity work, including managing our Na-tion’s nuclear deterrent and reducing global nuclear and radiological threats. The NNSA administrator, Lieutenant General Klotz, said that: 
The highly talented employees in Albu-querque are frankly forced to work in facili-ties that are inadequate to NNSA’s current mission. 
Furthermore, because of the age of the buildings, NNSA is forced to spend approximately $6 million every year on maintenance and repairs just to keep them habitable. In fact, the $40 million worth of de-ferred maintenance alone on the old buildings is approximately one-fifth of what it would cost to build a new, mod-ern, and reliable facility. So this is a perfect opportunity to save money in the long run. I strongly support NNSA’s efforts to replace the existing complex with a single new building that will provide 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00140 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.187 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6441 July 26, 2017 
safe, reliable, and sustainable infra-structure that improves the safety and working environment for approxi-mately 1,200 employees. The new state-of-the-art facility will meet enhanced environmental stand-ards and consolidate staff for a more efficient delivery and support of the important national security work at NNSA. b2130 The current total project cost is $202 million, and I agree with Chairman S
IMPSON that we have an obligation to ensure that every single taxpayer dol-lar for this project is used efficiently and effectively. I know that the chairman shares my concerns to ensure that NNSA has the infrastructure and resources it needs to fulfill its national security mission now and in the future. That is why I am pleased that he has agreed to work with me on this issue to ensure that we are fulfilling our oversight responsibil-ities while moving the construction of the Albuquerque complex project for-ward. With that, I am prepared to withdraw my amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Idaho is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I un-derstand the gentlewoman’s concern and thank her for her advocacy for this project. The committee has been supportive of this project and has provided $42 million in prior years. The bill includes an additional $18 million to ensure that the project moves forward, and I am happy to work with her as the project advances and understand this amend-ment will be withdrawn, and I appre-ciate that. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, I appre-ciate the chairman’s words and respect his work prior to this and in this cur-rent effort to get this space and the fa-cility infrastructure issues addressed. I look forward to working with him on a variety of ideas to make sure that we get this project completed in a timely and effective manner. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time, and I withdraw my amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT NO . 51 OFFERED BY MR . FOSTER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 51 printed in House Report 115–259. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: Page 297, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 473, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. F
OSTER ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Chairman, my amendment is a symbolic adjustment to the NNSA budget intended to raise awareness about two areas of emerging national security risk that I believe de-serve more attention and investment. As the only Ph.D. physicist in Con-gress, I feel a special responsibility to speak out on issues of national secu-rity, especially when they concern emerging technological threats that Congress may not be sufficiently aware of. Any student of the history of warfare is well aware of the dangers of fighting the last war, and for more than 70 years, nuclear weapons have held cen-ter stage among threats to our na-tional security and global safety be-cause of their unique capabilities to threaten the existence of mankind. That threat remains, but I fear that the balance of our defensive invest-ments do not adequately reflect emerg-ing threats. We now appear to be in the process of deciding to spend over $1 trillion to up-grade our nuclear weapons despite the fact that our existing systems are far more sufficient to deter any rational actor. There is no adversary of ours who is not intimidated by our nuclear arsenal but who will suddenly fall in line if we add just one more upgrade or additional weapons manufacturing ca-pability. Put simply, another genera-tion of nuclear weapons will not make us significantly safer. On the other hand, we live in a world where newly emerging and potentially equally great threats loom: first, bio-terror, driven by recent breakthroughs in genetic engineering and off-the-shelf biotechnology; and, second, lethal au-tonomous weapons systems driven by recent breakthroughs in machine vi-sion, facial recognition, and artificial intelligence. These are small, inexpen-sive lethal drones and similar devices that use machine vision and artificial intelligence to target individuals or groups of humans, potentially without any human involvement in the kill de-cision. For those of my colleagues unfa-miliar with these technologies, per-form an internet search for the term ‘‘lethal autonomous weapons systems,’’ sometimes abbreviated ‘‘LAWS’’; or read the recent press coverage of the ab initio synthesis of the horsepox virus, a close variant of the smallpox virus that killed millions; then search for the term ‘‘biohacking.’’ For more detailed information, I urge my colleagues to request a classified or unclassified briefing on recent studies of these subjects by the National Acad-emies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine. Both of these technologies pose unique threats to our national security for two reasons: The first is because of the small physical footprint of a terror facility based on either of these technologies. Either a bioterror laboratory or a small shop to produce and program small lethal drones could easily fit in a basement or small apartment. There is no radiological signature to detect them as there is with nuclear material. The second is because of the low cost and general availability of key ena-bling technological components. The monetary investment necessary for a capable terror facility is in the range of hundreds of thousands of dollars, perhaps less. The relevant technologies are al-ready in wide use in industry. Contrast this with the threats of nu-clear proliferation, where the multibil-lion-dollar investment to enrich and separate nuclear fissile material pretty much limits nuclear weapons either to established nation-states or perhaps terrorist organizations with access to fissile material from poorly guarded fa-cilities. Anyone who is unconvinced that we need to take these emerging threats se-riously needs only to look at what hap-pened in cybersecurity. One of the painful lessons we have learned in re-cent years is that everything evil that can be done with computer viruses has, in fact, been done. In large part, this is because of the low barriers to entry and the difficulty of attributing an at-tack. Both of these features are shared fully by both bioterror and lethal au-tonomous weapons systems. So if we are going to stay ahead of these threats, we need to be strategic about our investments. It is time to re-consider the wisdom of pouring hun-dreds of billions of dollars into Cold War weapons which contribute neg-ligibly to our national security and past time to consider a much more rapid increase in investments in defen-sive measures against lethal autono-mous weapons systems and against bio-terror, because by the time they be-come a reality, it will be too late to react. As a leader in technology and innova-tion, the United States should act now to circumvent any danger these tech-nologies could pose. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Idaho is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I un-derstand the gentleman’s concern on this issue and appreciate the fact that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00141 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.190 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6442 July 26, 2017 
he brought it up for discussion here to-night. I would note that the weapons activi-ties accounts provides funding to en-sure the reliability of our Nation’s nu-clear weapons stockpile. The NNSA does not use funds within this account to counter proliferation of biological weapons, although I understand it is an important issue, and I agree with them we need to address this issue. However, this amendment increases and decreases the same account and has no effect on the bill overall, so I will accept the gentleman’s amend-ment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amend-ment and to take the time to educate themselves about these emerging threats. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. F
OSTER ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 52 OFFERED BY MR . GARAMENDI  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 52 printed in House Report 115–259. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 297, line 21, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(reduced by $118,017,000)’’. Page 298, line 11, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(increased by $118,017,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 473, the gentleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, I think we ought to be on a roll here, given the last amend-ment being accepted on a ‘‘yes’’ vote. This amendment would make Amer-ica more secure by focusing our very limited tax dollars on programs to keep nuclear material out of the hands of terrorists rather than excess na-tional laboratory infrastructure spend-ing. According to The Washington Post, the world dodged a bullet when ISIS failed to realize that it had the ingredi-ents for a dirty bomb under its control in Mosul for more than 3 years. This underscores the importance of the need for U.S. leadership and resources to se-cure nuclear material around the world. My amendment would provide an in-crease of $118 million for the Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation, DNN, fund-ing. DNN funding includes critical pro-grams such as the nuclear smuggling and detection program, which works with partner countries to improve in-telligence, law enforcement, and border security capabilities to detect nuclear material trafficking. It also supports programs to improve the security of radiological material around the world and to remove it from areas when nuclear materials cannot be adequately and safely secured. The Make America Secure Appro-priations Act makes significant cuts to these programs which keep nuclear ma-terial out of the hands of terrorists and those who would then use that mate-rial to do us harm. For example, there is a 30 percent cut from the nuclear smuggling detection funding, a 79 per-cent cut from the highly enriched ura-nium reduction programs, and, overall, a $150 million cut to this program. At the same time, the underlying leg-islation would increase by 38 percent, a plus-up above what the administration recommended for the weapons activi-ties infrastructure recapitalization budget line. This increase was not re-quested by the administration and is not supported by the Senate. The un-derlying bill already includes a $59 mil-lion increase in infrastructure recapi-talization spending and a $71 million increase over the fiscal year 2017-en-acted level for maintenance and repair facilities. We can go on and on. We have heard discussions here already about the tril-lion-dollar-plus expansion of the nu-clear weapons programs. Specifically, this money that I would move out of this particular infrastruc-ture recapitalization account is for the construction of a new facility to build nuclear plutonium pits. These pits are presumably going to be needed for a weapon that is almost certainly not going to be built, which is the inter-operable new bomb. The interoperable weapon is to go on existing and remodeled rockets for the Navy and for the Air Force, neither of whom thinks it is a particularly good idea. So that program, should it ever come to pass, could be delayed, and we could then use this $118 million now to deal with a known problem. If, in the future, we decide that we need to be able to produce somewhere between 30 and 80 new pits a year, there is time enough to do that. The account that calls for the maintenance of the existing facilities will provide suffi-cient funds to meet all of the known needs, with the exception of the inter-operable nuclear weapon, which, in all probability, is not ever going to be built or needed. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, al-though I am opposed to the amend-ment, I have to admit that I do enjoy our annual discussion on this. I oppose this amendment because the bill already shows strong support for the nonproliferation programs of the NNSA. Funding for nuclear defense nonproliferation is $1.83 billion—$76.5 million below fiscal year 2017 and $16.8 million below the budget request. Within nonproliferation, the bill largely supports funding as requested, but makes a limited number of realign-ments within the account to emphasize the importance of nonproliferation re-search and development activities and to meet international commitments for plutonium disposition. Our understanding—and this is the important point. Our understanding is that budget request is down because NNSA still has significant unexpended balances in this account due to slow progress on international nonprolifera-tion agreements. Specifically, the NNSA reported in May that it had approximately $2.2 bil-lion in funds available to carry out its nonproliferation mission, of which over $680 million is left over from prior years. For years, NNSA has struggled to execute funding in its nonprolifera-tion budget because it could not obtain agreement from other nations to do the work as quickly as planned or as we would maybe like to. This amendment also targets funding from the weapons activities infrastruc-ture recapitalization program. Created in fiscal year 2014 by Congress, the re-capitalization program has been highly successful in addressing the aging and deteriorating infrastructure at NNSA sites. Replacing things like telephone poles, leaking fireman valves, roofing, and addressing other basic infrastruc-ture needs are essential to the safe and continued operation of these nuclear security sites. The budget request proposed to cut the program, and the bill increases funding $118 million above the request to restore that program to the fiscal year 2017 level. We should not divert funding needed to address these urgent infrastructure needs, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amend-ment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to the time remain-ing. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California has 2 minutes remain-ing. Mr. GARAMENDI. That might be suf-ficient, Mr. Chairman, although I doubt I will persuade the worthy chair-man with whom we have had this little tussle back and forth. The fact of the matter is that there are two accounts to deal with this issue of the nuclear sites and the main-tenance of them. b2145 One is a maintenance facility, which is plussed-up and sufficient to maintain and upgrade the existing facilities, par-ticularly the plutonium pit, the met-allurgical facility, as well as continue the construction of the highly enriched uranium facilities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00142 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.193 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6443 July 26, 2017 
Those are already available and that money is in those accounts. It turns out that this money for recapitaliza-tion is for the construction of a new pit production facility. The NNSA claims that it needs that facility to build ad-ditional pits beyond the 20 to 30 that could be constructed in the refurbished existing pit. The need for the new pit production facility is specifically for the inter-operable nuclear warhead, which is not likely to be needed. And should it be decided at a future date to be needed, there is plenty of time to build the fa-cility and construct the additional nu-clear plutonium pits. The bottom line is that this money is not needed now for that facility. Could the money be used in the non-proliferation? It could. Why were those agreements delayed? Because of many different reasons, but the fact of the matter is that those agreements are going to be going for-ward. The fact of the matter is that there is a continuing problem of loose nukes and materials around the world, which can cause a problem. The Mosul situation is one of many examples. The cuts that do take place in smug-gling, in research, and the like are seri-ous. We ought to be paying attention. Mr. Chairman, I look forward to the continuation of this discussion, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I would just say that this infrastructure need is not for a new pit facility. They would need to come to us and ask us what they were going to do with fund-ing, and request funding for that. They did not do that. This is for infrastruc-ture needs and upgrades. But the other thing is that I am as much a nonproliferation activist as anyone in this body. I think it is im-portant work. But the reality is that there are $681 million unexpended from previous years, not because funding is not available—the money is there—but they haven’t been able to get agree-ments with other countries. Unfortu-nately, you can’t do work in other countries without having agreements with those countries. So, consequently, we are—I guess you could maybe say—overfunded in non-proliferation if we can’t spend the money on that activity. That is the problem. Why would we put the money into that when we need the money in infra-structure and building and repairing the buildings and facilities that NNSA has? It just doesn’t make any sense to me. I am sure if this amendment is de-feated, we will have this discussion next year, and I hope my colleagues will vote against this. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chair, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. AMENDMENT NO . 53 OFFERED BY MS . ROSEN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 53 printed in House Report 115–259. Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 301, line 3, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $30,000,000)’’. Page 326, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $30,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 473, the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. R
OSEN ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Nevada. Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment to strip funding for defense nuclear waste dis-posal and return this money to the Treasury in order to reduce the deficit. The $30 million allocated under the appropriations bill being considered here tonight has the potential to be used to expand Yucca Mountain so that it can be used to store defense waste, in addition to civilian nuclear waste. If there is one issue a majority of Ne-vadans agree on, it is that we whole-heartedly oppose becoming the Na-tion’s dumping ground for radioactive waste. First, for my non-Nevada friends, some history. In 1987, Congress amend-ed the Nuclear Waste Policy Act and targeted Yucca Mountain, located less than 100 miles northwest of Las Vegas, as the sole site for our Nation’s geo-logical repository. It is a fancy way of choosing Nevada as their nuclear dump. For over 30 years, the State of Ne-vada and local communities have re-jected this misguided project on safety, public health, and environmental grounds. In fact, we have filed 218 con-tentions against the Department of En-ergy’s license application, citing safety and environmental issues in its assess-ments. Numerous scientific studies have deemed Yucca Mountain unsafe based on the fact that it sits above an aquifer and is in a seismically active area that just experienced a 4.1 magnitude earth-quake. Any plans involving Yucca Mountain, including the recently introduced Nu-clear Waste Policy Amendments Acts, or any proposed plans to comingle de-fense and civilian nuclear waste at Yucca, ignore the environmental, safe-ty, and security concerns of Nevadans who would be forced to store nuclear waste that they had no role in cre-ating. Using Yucca Mountain as the Na-tion’s dumping ground would require transporting over 70,000 metric tons of radioactive waste, much of it through my district and through the heart of Las Vegas, a city that attracts over 43 million visitors annually and generates over $59 billion in revenue. Not only does this project endanger those in Nevada, Mr. Chairman, it also threatens the health and safety of mil-lions of Americans from over 329 con-gressional districts across this country who live along the proposed transpor-tation route. As if this wasn’t bad enough, now the Nation’s most egregious nuclear waste producers and even some of my col-leagues across the aisle are suggesting that we comingle defense waste with civilian waste from power plants, inap-propriately increasing the amount of high-level radioactive material dumped in Nevada by 37 percent. This means more nuclear material coming to Yucca, and more waste traveling through 44 States and Washington, D.C. There are also concerns that this will hinder the Air Force’s readiness and our country’s ability to defend itself. Last week, the Las Vegas Review-Jour-nal ran a story featuring Heather Wil-son, Secretary of the Air Force, and her concerns with the Yucca Mountain project. She cited how it will directly impact Nellis Air Force Base’s ability to com-plete its mission to train servicemem-bers for war, because there is no route across the range that would not impact testing and training. Her concerns, unfortunately, are not new. Since 2003, the Air Force has con-sistently stated that they know of no route through the Nevada Test and Training Range that would avoid sen-sitive areas or not negatively impact readiness activities. I understand that our country’s nu-clear waste must go somewhere, but this decades-old battle has proven that Yucca is not the place. We must stop wasting billions of taxpayer dollars by resurrecting a project that has been dead for over 30 years, and, instead, identify viable alternatives for the long-term repository in areas that are proven safe and whose communities consent to storage. Mr. Chairman, I am prepared to with-draw my amendment, with the under-standing that we will begin a serious discussion on how to properly handle our country’s waste, instead of con-tinuing down the path of forcing this waste on my State. I fully understand we have to put our country’s defense and civilian waste somewhere. But for the first time, let’s bring Nevadans to the table and let’s share the responsibility of facing the consequences of nuclear production. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time and withdraw my amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00143 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.196 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6444 July 26, 2017 
The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT NO . 54 OFFERED BY MS . PINGREE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 54 printed in House Report 115–259. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 325, strike lines 17 through 21. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 473, the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. P
INGREE ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Maine. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the Pingree-Carbajal- Bonamici-Langevin-Lowenthal- Cicilline-Schneider-Beyer amendment, which is widely supported. All of the cosponsors of this amend-ment care passionately about the need for ocean planning, and I commend the leadership of my colleagues on this issue each and every year that we fight this battle for sensible ocean policy. We need, as a Congress, to recognize the importance of our oceans and ocean planning. Ocean planning works, and is working already in New England, where we have a success story of fisher-men, lobstermen, Native American Tribes, local communities, and other stakeholders developing voluntary re-gional ocean plans. I have heard from many of my con-stituents working in Maine’s island communities about the importance not only of ocean planning, but of eco- based management of our oceans, a core part of moving forward to a 21st century fishery. Our fishery is changing, and coastal communities want to be attentive to changes in our ecosystems to resource development and other uses for our oceans. For example, our plan in New England ensures that there is advanced ecological data available to help deci-sionmakers, enhance ocean stake-holder engagement through the collec-tion of stakeholder-driven information, and facilitates agency coordination. The language in today’s underlying bill would make it even more difficult for Federal agencies, State, and local communities to work together on the future of our ocean resources. For those of us representing coastal districts, this rider is a bad addition to the bill, and we need to strike it. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illi-nois (Mr. S
CHNEIDER ). Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Chair, I rise today in strong support and as a proud cosponsor of this amendment. I do so in defense of one of our most magnificent natural resources: the Great Lakes. The Great Lakes contain a fifth of the world’s and 95 percent of our Na-tion’s surface water. The Lakes are an important asset to our economy and the quality of life of our Nation, and in my district in particular. The National Ocean Policy also helps protect the vitality of our Great Lakes ecosystem. However, section 505 of this bill will undermine our National Ocean Policy and the ability of agencies to coordinate with States, local govern-ments, and other agencies to protect these beautiful waters. That is why I support striking section 505. We have a profound obligation to be responsible stewards of the environ-ment and to pass on a clean, healthy, and dynamic environment for future generations. Mr. Chair, I support the Pingree amendment. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. While there may be instances—and I am sure there are—in which greater co-ordination would be helpful in ensuring our coastal resources are available for future generations, any such coordina-tion must be done carefully to protect against Federal overreach. As we saw with the Obama adminis-tration’s WOTUS rule to redefine waters of the United States, thorough and strong Congressional oversight is needed to ensure that we protect pri-vate property rights. Unfortunately, the way the Obama administration developed the National Ocean Policy increased the opportuni-ties for Federal overreach. The imple-mentation plan is so broad and so sweeping that it may allow the Federal Government to affect agricultural practices, mining, energy producers, fishermen, and anyone else whose ac-tions may have an impact on the oceans. The facts is that the previous admin-istration did not work with Congress. This is their National Ocean Policy. They never brought it to Congress. If you are going to do something this sweeping, you need to have congres-sional input. They never came to Con-gress to develop its plan, and they had even refused to provide relevant infor-mation to Congress. So we can’t be sure how sweeping it actually could be if left unchecked. b2200 That is why I support the language of the underlying bill and, therefore, op-pose this amendment. But I understand their concern. But why not bring it to Congress? Why not have Congress enact the National Ocean Policy in-stead of just relying on the executive branch to do whatever they want to do? That is the problem the Natural Re-sources Committee has with this. It is a problem I have with this, and that is why I oppose this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, if my good colleague could guarantee me he could give me the votes on the floor, I would be happy to bring a bill like that forward to Congress. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to my col-league from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ). Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, my district is a poster child for the need for ocean coordination and information sharing. In my district, we have the busiest port complex in North America, we have offshore drilling, we have San Clemente Island, which is a naval training ground where they have a ship-to-shore firing range. We have abundant wildlife in the district. On top of that, sea level rise and extreme weather threatens neighborhoods and businesses all along the coast of my district. With so much activity happening, it simply makes sense to have the various stakeholders at the table, to make sure ships come in and out of port safely, to ensure that our thriving economy stays thriving, and to give the military space to train. We want these collabo-rations to happen because we want to have a sustainable ocean economy. By developing regional plans and having a framework for multi-stake-holder involvement, we can promote a robust ocean economy that also con-serves our precious ocean resources. The country and my district needs a comprehensive approach to our ocean resources, which the National Ocean Policy provides. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Maine has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I will just say it is kind of interesting that I don’t disagree with anything Ms. P
IN-
GREE is saying. The problem is, there is a process, and Congress needs to be in-volved. The last administration did not in-volve Congress. If it is a good policy, why don’t we just let the administra-tion do it? If you can’t get the votes on the floor, doesn’t that tell you some-thing? Maybe you need to go and work this out and bring the policy to the floor. But if we are just going to let the ad-ministration do that, I don’t know, maybe we will let this administration just enact a tax policy because we have a tough time doing it here in Congress. I don’t know, maybe we will let them enact the healthcare policy because we can’t get together on the floor to see what to do about our healthcare sys-tem, so let’s just let the administra-tion do it all. It is exactly what you are doing with this. You bring an actual ocean policy to the floor, if I think it is a good bill 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00144 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.199 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6445 July 26, 2017 
and necessary, I will vote for it. I can’t tell you what I will vote for yet be-cause I haven’t seen it. But just because Congress hasn’t acted doesn’t give the administrative branch of government the right to interject itself and take on the legisla-tive branch of government’s responsi-bility. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chair, with all due respect, I think there are fre-quently moments when the administra-tion overrides the opinion of the Con-gress or don’t always agree and the ad-ministration gets their way. Take the decision the administration made this morning on military policy, which was contrary to the vote we took just this week on the appropriations process. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ARBAJAL ). Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Chair, I want to thank all of my colleagues for their leadership and work on this important amendment to strike this harmful rider, to prevent implementation of the National Ocean Policy. The National Ocean Policy ensures we are able to implement marine plan-ning efforts based on management components of the National Ocean Pol-icy. It also allows coordination be-tween Federal agencies to make sure they are working in a collaborative manner to improve our ocean’s health. This brings all stakeholders together, including conservationists, fishermen, scientists, shipping companies, and those who live and work in our ocean communities, and it will allow them to have a voice in finding solutions for ef-fective management of our oceans. Healthy sustainable ecosystems and economic growth are not mutually ex-clusive. That is why we need to make sure we strike this harmful rider. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman from Maine has expired. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I will just say, the usurpation by the administra-tive branch of government over Con-gress happens with both Republican and Democratic administrations. I re-member someone standing up and say-ing: Well, if Congress won’t do it, I have a pen and a phone. This is Congress surrendering our re-sponsibility, and even though you might like the outcome of what they do, it is the wrong thing to do, and Congress needs to stand up at times and take back our responsibility than just saying: Well, I don’t really like the way it was done, but I like the policy, so I will just support it. And that is what we are doing here. That is the problem with the National Ocean Pol-icy. Again, I would encourage the sup-porters of this, and who knows, I might be one of them, to bring it to Congress. Let’s debate it. Let’s have a good healthy debate on this floor. Go through the committee process, go through the regular order, and then it is something that we might be able to support in the appropriations process. Other than that, I would urge my col-leagues to vote against this amend-ment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, as the des-ignee of Ranking Member LOWEY , I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of the gentlewoman’s amend-ment to support the growth of vibrant coastal economies and creation of fish-eries and agriculture jobs. The National Ocean Policy is helping agencies and States collaborate to re-duce illegal, unreported, and unregu-lated fishing, and one can just take a look that the ocean policy supports al-most 2 million fisheries-related jobs in our country and $5.3 billion in commer-cial fish landings, as well as enhanced tourism, and the National Ocean Pol-icy doesn’t cost us anything. I just want to remind people that our country currently imports 91 percent of consumed seafood, with half coming from foreign agriculture. So this policy is extraordinarily important. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ) for the purpose of entering into a colloquy. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding, and I rise today to speak in strong support of the amendment offered by my col-league, Congresswoman P
INGREE , which would strike the harmful provi-sion that undermines the importance of the National Ocean Policy. For over 7 years, the National Ocean Policy has helped guide ocean manage-ment through spurring coordination among government agencies. Ocean planning and coordination is an impor-tant aspect in supporting economic growth, protecting coastal habitats, and strengthening coastal commu-nities. The National Ocean Policy does not create any regulations, supersede cur-rent regulations, or modify any agen-cy’s established mission, jurisdiction, or authority. Rather, it helps coordi-nate the implementation of existing regulations by Federal agencies to es-tablish a more efficient and effective decisionmaking process. Throughout the northeast, the Re-gional Ocean Council allows our States to pool resources and businesses to have a strong voice in decisions that will impact their communities and fa-cilitate coordination with Federal partners. I am proud to say that the Northeast Regional Ocean Council is the first in the Nation to release a draft regional ocean plan. My home State of Rhode Island, the ocean State, has benefited greatly from the National Ocean Pol-icy. With help from NOP, the Block Is-land Wind Farm project was success-fully completed and today is capable of powering an estimated 17,000 homes. At a time when our oceans are facing significant challenges and changes, maintaining coordination and planning is necessary in continuing to strength-en our country’s coastal communities and ocean industries. Allowing Federal agencies to coordinate implementation of over 100 ocean laws and giving State and local governments a voice in the ocean planning process is smart policy, and I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and strike this ill-ad-vised provision. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, may I ask how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio has 2 minutes remaining. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. LANGEVIN ). Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, the establishment of a National Ocean Policy was a landmark step for our country. I particularly want to commend Senator S
HELDON  W
HITEHOUSE from Rhode Island for his leadership on this issue. Ocean planning just makes sense, as we have seen in Rhode Island during implementation of our Special Area Management Plan. Instead of hap-hazard policymaking or turning the ocean into a political football, we brought all stakeholders to the table, commercial and recreational fisher-men, energy development companies, conservationists, and other local inter-ests. The National Ocean Policy builds on this type of collaboration. It is a bot-tom-up approach, and it empowers local communities who use our oceans. I want to echo the words also of my colleague, the Congressman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ), in sup-port of this amendment, and I urge my colleagues to allow this forward-think-ing approach to continue. I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman so much for coming to the floor tonight, and I want to thank all of our colleagues who have spoken out so eloquently on the importance of Na-tional Ocean Policy in supporting the Pingree, et al. amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Maine (Ms. P
INGREE ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Maine will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 55 OFFERED BY MR . KIHUEN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 55 printed in House Report 115–259. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00145 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.201 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6446 July 26, 2017 
Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 326, strike lines 1 through 7. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 473, the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. K
IHUEN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nevada. Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Chairman, my amendment strikes language in the bill that would prohibit the closure of the Yucca Mountain project, which in-cludes the storage of high-level nuclear waste in my district. As you may know, in 1987, Nevada was targeted as our Nation’s nuclear waste dump through the ‘‘Screw Ne-vada’’ bill. In the 30 years since the bill passed, Congress has wasted $3.7 billion of taxpayer money. Yucca Mountain sits in a seismically active area less than 100 miles away from Las Vegas, which holds an urban area with over 2 million residents. Mr. Chairman, just last week, there was an earthquake 33 miles away from Yucca Mountain. This place is not safe for our nuclear waste. Moreover, the city sees tens of thou-sands of visitors traveling to Las Vegas each and every year, many of whom are your constituents from your districts. In 2016 alone, over 40 million visitors traveled to Las Vegas. I have grave concerns with the trans-portation of nuclear waste to Yucca Mountain should this project continue against the will of my constituents. This project will not just impact my constituents. It impacts constituents in 329 congressional districts in 44 dif-ferent States and Washington, D.C. Putting a nuclear repository in our backyard means that this high-level nuclear waste must travel through your backyards first. Your constituents will see high-level nuclear waste transported through their communities on rail and truck. A simple car crash or train derailment would leave your constituents at risk and cost our taxpayers more money to clean up the mess. As it stands, Mr. Chairman, this transportation plan also damages our national security and the ability of the Nevada Test and Training Range, the largest air and ground range in the contiguous United States, to meet and train our servicemembers. b2215 Mr. Chairman, I have been to Yucca Mountain. I have driven through the desert that is home to the bighorn sheep and desert tortoises and ancient petroglyphs and relics of the westward expansion. It is clear that reopening Yucca Mountain threatens the health and safety of Nevadans and Americans from across the country. Our State, which has no nuclear en-ergy-producing facilities, should not be the dumping ground for the rest of the country’s nuclear waste. And the bot-tom line is this: If any of my col-leagues would support this bill to bring Yucca Mountain nuclear waste to our State, then I am sure you support bringing it to your State. I am sure we can find a location in your State, and I would love to work with you on that. I am sure you wouldn’t like your neighbors bringing their trash to your backyard. Don’t bring it to my back-yard either. Don’t bring it to my con-stituents. Don’t bring it to Nevada. I urge your support for my amend-ment. Prevent billions and billions of dollars, taxpayer dollars, being wasted by continuing to pursue the Yucca Mountain project. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. W
ALKER ). The gentleman from Idaho is recog-nized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I would tell the gentleman that they have brought a lot of nuclear waste to the State of Idaho. We process it there. It was Rocky Flats that was, they say, cleaned up. It wasn’t cleaned up; it was moved to Idaho because we got most of their stuff there. That is kind of what happens. Mr. Chairman, I rise to oppose this amendment. I think we all understand why my colleagues from Nevada oppose Yucca Mountain, their position on Yucca Mountain; however, I cannot support this amendment. It is time to move forward with the Yucca licensing process. The previous administration ignored the law. I repeat that—ignored the law. Ignoring our obligation to take respon-sibility for this spent fuel, and break-ing trust with 32 States stopped this process in its tracks. I don’t think I have to state why that happened. It wasn’t because of science or anything else. We all know why they stopped the licensing process at Yucca Mountain. The decision has already cost tax-payers $6 billion in claims, and the De-partment of Energy estimates at least another $24 billion in claims. This administration has taken swift action to put us back on track, and the budget request proposed in this bill in-cludes $150 million for Yucca licensing efforts. Licensing efforts will continue to involve experts in geochemistry, hy-drology, geology, seismology, volcanology, and more to ensure that Yucca Mountain, already one of the most studied pieces of land on Earth— I would say the most studied piece of land on Earth. There were 52 or 53 Na-tional Academy of Sciences studies on Yucca Mountain that have been done. But it will get a careful review from all aspects of its license applications. Once that application is finished, all Members of this body and of the Senate will have the opportunity to decide whether we move forward to construct and use the facility. But killing the process at this point is shortsighted, and, therefore, I oppose the amend-ment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Chairman, I yield the balance of my time to the gentle-woman from Nevada (Ms. ROSEN ), my esteemed colleague. Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Chairman, I want to echo the sentiments of my colleague from Nevada (Mr. K
IHUEN ) by making one thing perfectly clear: Nevadans are completely against becoming the Na-tion’s nuclear dumping ground. And make no mistake, that is exactly what this appropriations bill does. Without Mr. K
IHUEN ’s amendment, of which I am proud to be a cosponsor, Congress will tie the hands of this ad-ministration by explicitly prohibiting, even considering, closing Yucca Moun-tain or conducting a technical review before licensing activities begin. You heard that right. The underlying bill forbids any funds from being used to conduct activities that preclude Yucca Mountain from becoming the Nation’s dumping ground for radio-active waste, no matter the science, no matter the evidence. And we already have the evidence that bringing America’s nuclear waste to Yucca is bad for Nevadans and bad for Americans. We know that Yucca is unsafe for nuclear waste because it is seismically active and sits above an aq-uifer. And with 70,000 metric tons of ra-dioactive waste through my district and through the heart of Las Vegas, those visitors from all across the coun-try and the world will be exposed. Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I would just say in response: Then change the law. The law is that Yucca Mountain is the waste repository for high-level nuclear waste. All we are asking is to continue the licensing process. As I said during my opening state-ment, Congress will have a chance to vote on whether to proceed with the construction of this facility. That is the reality. But we have got to get off the dime and start moving and han-dling this nuclear waste or it is going to cost us billions and billions and bil-lions more. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Nevada (Mr. K
IHUEN ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 56 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 56 printed in House Report 115–259. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00146 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.203 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6447 July 26, 2017 
The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division D, before the short title, insert the following: S
EC. ll. The amounts otherwise provided by this Act are revised by reducing the amount made available for ‘‘Corps of Engi-neers-Civil—Investigations’’, and increasing the amount made available for the same ac-count, by $3,000,000. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 473, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I am going to take this opportunity just to show this picture to my colleagues on the floor of the House and the head-line that says: ‘‘Urban Flooding in Houston is on the Rise.’’ I clearly just used the city of Hous-ton by coincidence, but I will tell you that this is what we are facing, really, across America. The opening sentence of the article says: ‘‘Before you can fix a problem, you need to know what’s causing it.’’ My amendment is just that. My amendment—as I thank Chairman S
IMPSON and Ranking Member K APTUR  for their work on this legislation in doing the best that we can under the circumstances of trying to preserve the balance—speaks to the need for robust funding for the U.S. Army Corps of En-gineers’ investigations account by re-directing $3 million for increased fund-ing for postdisaster watershed assess-ment studies, like the one that has been contemplated in many areas around the country. As the Federal agency that collects and studies basic information per-taining to river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protec-tion, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and conducts detailed studies, plans, and specifications for river and harbor and flood and storm damage reduction, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers plays a critical role in building, maintaining, and expanding the most critical of the Nation’s infrastructure. When questioning the Army Corps of Engineers about a certain area in my community covering a number of bay-ous, which we are called The Bayou City—Sims Bayou, Greens Bayou, Brays Bayou, White Oak Bayou, Hunt-ing Bayou, and Clear Creek Bayou—it is the same all over the Nation: the Army Corps of Engineers said they need to study the issue to know how to best resolve it. My amendment is just that. It is re-sources to be directed to ensure that we are allowed to study issues so that we can focus the dollars correctly as we attempt to work collaboratively with our local communities. I ask my colleagues to support this amendment, and I make this point: such a study is certainly needed, given the frequency and severity of historic- level flood events in many parts around our Nation and in the area in which I live. On April 15, 2016, an estimated 240 billion gallons of water fell in the Houston area over a 12-hour period. Let me be very mindful, this is not an earmark. It simply says that we should have the resources to study these issues so that we can direct mon-eys in the right way. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Texas has 21⁄2minutes remaining. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, let me conclude my remarks by indi-cating that I believe this particular amendment will be helpful in general to, in essence, provide funding for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers’ inves-tigations account and ensuring that a postdisaster watershed assessment can result. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank Ms. K
APTUR in particular. We have spoken about this for probably over a 2-year period. I think the very fact that my particular area can be cited as an ex-ample of what happens when you have urban flooding is just an example. Over this past summer, we know that we have had some serious loss of life when rivers have overflowed or areas where water is and people have been re-creating have overflowed, and so the idea of saving lives is part of my amendment as well. Mr. Chair, I want to thank Chairman S
IMP-
SON and Ranking Member K APTUR for shep- herding this legislation to the floor and for their commitment to preserving America’s great nat-ural environment and resources so that they can serve and be enjoyed by generations to come. My amendment speaks to the need for ro-bust funding for the U.S. Army Corps of Engi-neers ‘‘Investigations’’ account by redirecting $3 million for increased funding for post-dis-aster watershed assessment studies, like the one that is being contemplated for the Hous-ton/Harris County metropolitan area. As the federal agency that collects and studies basic information pertaining to river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduc-tion, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem res-toration, and conducts detailed studies, plans, and specifications for river and harbor, and flood and storm damage reduction, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers plays a critical role in the building, maintaining, and expanding of the most critical of the nation’s infrastructure. We understand this very well in my home state of Texas and the Eighteenth Congres-sional District that I represent. The Army Corps of Engineers has been working with the Harris County Flood Control District since 1937 to reduce the risk of flood-ing within Harris County. Current projects include 6 federal flood risk management projects: Sims Bayou, Greens Bayou, Brays Bayou, White Oak Bayou, Hunt-ing Bayou, and Clear Creek. In addition to these ongoing projects, the Army Corps of Engineers operates and main-tains the Addicks and Barker (A&B) Detention Dams in northwest Harris County. Mr. Chair, I am pleased that the bill provides that the Secretary of the Army may initiate up to six new study starts during fiscal year 2018, and that five of those studies are to consist of studies where the majority of the benefits are derived from flood and storm damage reduc-tion or from navigation transportation savings. I am optimistic that one of those new study starts will be the Houston Regional Watershed Assessment Flood Risk Management Feasi-bility study. Such a study is certainly needed given the frequency and severity of historic-level flood events in recent years in and around the Houston metropolitan area. On April 15, 2016, an estimated 240 billion gallons of water fell in the Houston area over a 12 hour period, which resulted in several areas exceeding the 100 to 500 year flood event record. The areas that experience these historic rainfalls were west of I–45, north of I–10, and Greens Bayou. Additionally, an estimated 140 billion gallons of water fell over the Cypress Creek, Spring Creek, and Addicks watershed in just 14 hours. The purpose of the Houston Regional Wa-tershed Assessment is to identify risk reduc-tion measures and optimize performance from a multi-objective systems performance per-spective of the regional network of nested and intermingled watersheds, reservoir dams, flood flow conveyance channels, storm water deten-tion basins, and related Flood Risk Manage-ment (FRM) infrastructure. Special emphases of the study, which cov-ers 22 primary watersheds within Harris Coun-ty’s 1,756 square miles, will be placed on ex-treme flood events that exceed the system ca-pacity resulting in impacts to asset conditions/ functions and loss of life. Mr. Chair, during the May 2015 Houston flood, 3,015 homes were flooded and 8 per-sons died; during the April 2016 Houston flood, 5,400 homes were flooded and 8 deaths recorded. The economic damage caused by the 2015 Houston flood is estimated at $3 billion; the 2016 estimate is being compiled and is esti-mated to be well above $2 billion. Mr. Chair, minimizing the risk of flood dam-age to the Houston and Harris County metro-politan area, the nation’s 4th largest, is a mat-ter of national significance because the region is one of the nation’s major technology, en-ergy, finance, export and medical centers: 1. Port of Houston is the largest bulk port in the world; 2. Texas Medical Center is a world re-nowned teaching, research and treatment cen-ter; 3. Houston is home to the largest conglom-eration of foreign bank representation and second only to New York City as home to the most Fortune 500 companies; and 4. The Houston Watershed Assessment study area sits within major Hurricane Evacu-ation arteries for the larger Galveston Gulf Coast region. I ask my colleagues to join me and support Jackson Lee Amendment No. 56. I thank Chairman S
IMPSON and Ranking Member K
APTUR for their work in shepherding this bill to the floor. 
[From the Houston Public Media] U
RBAN FLOODING IN HOUSTON ISO NT H E RISE (By Marissa Cummings) Before you can fix a problem, you need to know what’s causing it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00147 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.206 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6448 July 26, 2017 
Dr. Sam Brody, Professor at A&M Gal-veston, is doing exactly that. He focuses on urban flooding and says Houston is the poster child. ‘‘The bigger driver of this urban flood prob-lem is human development, it’s the spread of impervious surfaces and I calculated the Houston region increased its pavement by 25 percent over a 15 year period from 1996 to 2010,’’ says Brody. He is also contributing to national re-search that will help alleviate urban flooding across the U.S. Stephen Costello, Houston’s Flood Czar, agrees with Brody’s assessment. Part of the solution he says is investing in innovative infrastructure. ‘‘But there has to be a commitment on the part of the community to invest in infra-structure,’’ Costello says. ‘‘And that’s what the voters should be looking at saying ‘OK, so let’s make sure we continue to invest in the infrastructure,’ and that’s where the public needs to get involved.’’ Although, we cannot stop flooding from happening, Costello says we need to mitigate and reduce the risk. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amend-ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EE). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas will be postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 115–259 on which further proceedings were post-poned, in the following order: Amendment No. 4 by Mr. P
ERRY of Pennsylvania. Amendment No. 5 by Mr. G
RIFFITH of Virginia. Amendment No. 7 by Mr. T
AKANO of California. Amendment No. 23 by Mr. K
INGof Iowa. Amendment No. 38 by Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida. Amendment No. 39 by Mr. N
ORCROSS  of New Jersey. Amendment No. 44 by Ms. E
STY of Connecticut. Amendment No. 52 by Mr. G
ARAMENDI  of California. Amendment No. 54 by Ms. P
INGREE of Maine. Amendment No. 56 by Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EEof Texas. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . PERRY  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PERRY ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 107, noes 314, not voting 12, as follows: 
[Roll No. 416] AYES—107 
Abraham Allen Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barton Biggs Bishop (UT) Blackburn Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Budd Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Chabot Cheney Comer Cramer Culberson Davidson DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Estes (KS) Farenthold Ferguson Flores Franks (AZ) Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Griffith Grothman Harris Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hudson Huizenga Hunter Jenkins (WV) Johnson, Sam Jordan Kelly (MS) King (IA) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Marchant Marino Marshall Massie McCaul McKinley Meadows Messer Mooney (WV) Mullin Norman Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Posey Ratcliffe Renacci Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rothfus Rouzer Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Smith (MO) Stewart Wagner Walberg Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Yoho Young (AK) Zeldin 
NOES—314 
Adams Aguilar Amash Amodei Arrington Barletta Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Mast Matsui McCarthy McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Young (IA) 
NOT VOTING—12 
Aderholt Blum Costello (PA) Cummings Hollingsworth Jeffries Loudermilk Murphy (PA) Napolitano Royce (CA) Ryan (OH) Scalise 
b2248 Mrs. BLACK, Messrs. RICE, HOLD-ING, TIPTON, GUTHRIE, ROSKAM, and EMMER changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Messrs. FERGUSON, BROOKS of Ala-bama, JENKINS of West Virginia, PERRY, MESSER, CARTER of Geor-gia, and GARRETT changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chair, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 416. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00148 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.080 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6449 July 26, 2017 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . GRIFFITH  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
RIF-
FITH) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 116, noes 309, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 417] AYES—116 
Abraham Allen Amash Babin Banks (IN) Barr Barton Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Budd Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Chabot Cheney Collins (GA) Comer Cramer Crawford Davidson DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Estes (KS) Farenthold Flores Franks (AZ) Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Griffith Grothman Harper Harris Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hudson Huizenga Hunter Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Jordan Kelly (MS) King (IA) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Marchant Marshall Massie Mast McCaul McKinley Meadows Messer Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Norman Olson Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Posey Ratcliffe Renacci Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Smith (MO) Stewart Taylor Wagner Walberg Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—309 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Arrington Bacon Barletta Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Hartzler Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder 
NOT VOTING—8 
Costello (PA) Cummings Hollingsworth Jeffries Maloney, Carolyn B. Napolitano Ryan (OH) Scalise 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia) (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2253 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . TAKANO  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. All Members are reminded we are in a 2-minute vote se-ries. Please stay close to the floor. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 191, noes 236, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 418] AYES—191 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Granger Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Jackson Lee Jayapal Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Sean Marchant Matsui McCaul McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Nolan Norman O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Slaughter Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—236 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00149 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.211 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6450 July 26, 2017 
Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Capuano Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McClintock McCollum McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Neal Newhouse Noem Norcross Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Rutherford Sanford Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—6 
Costello (PA) Cummings Hollingsworth Jeffries Napolitano Scalise 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2257 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 418, I mistakenly voted ‘‘yes’’ when I intended to vote ‘‘no.’’ AMENDMENT NO . 23 OFFERED BY MR . KING OF  
IOWA 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING) on which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 178, noes 249, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 419] AYES—178 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Estes (KS) Farenthold Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) King (IA) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Marchant Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Posey Ratcliffe Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Taylor Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) 
NOES—249 
Adams Aguilar Amodei Barletta Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Hunter Jackson Lee Jayapal Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) LaHood Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) Zeldin NOT VOTING—6 
Costello (PA) Cummings Hollingsworth Jeffries Napolitano Scalise 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2300 Messrs. GAETZ and JONES changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00150 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.074 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6451 July 26, 2017 
AMENDMENT NO . 38 OFFERED BY MS . CASTOR OF  
FLORIDA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. C
AS-
TOR) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 181, noes 246, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 420] AYES—181 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Crist Crowley Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gottheimer Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reichert Rice (NY) Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (IA) 
NOES—246 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Correa Costa Courtney Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney DeLauro Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Himes Holding Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Zeldin NOT VOTING—6 
Costello (PA) Cummings Hollingsworth Jeffries Napolitano Scalise 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2303 Mr. WELCH changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. AMENDMENT NO . 39 OFFERED BY MR . NORCROSS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. N
OR-
CROSS ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 186, noes 241, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 421] AYES—186 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Crist Crowley Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gottheimer Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (IA) 
NOES—241 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00151 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.217 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6452 July 26, 2017 
Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Correa Costa Courtney Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney DeLauro Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Himes Holding Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larson (CT) Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—6 
Costello (PA) Cummings Hollingsworth Jeffries Napolitano Scalise 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2306 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 44 OFFERED BY MS . ESTY OF  
CONNECTICUT  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. ESTY) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 203, noes 224, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 422] AYES—203 
Adams Aguilar Amash Bacon Barraga´n Bass Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gottheimer Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Vargas Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (IA) 
NOES—224 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Correa Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Posey Ratcliffe Renacci Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Veasey Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Zeldin NOT VOTING—6 
Costello (PA) Cummings Hollingsworth Jeffries Napolitano Scalise 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2309 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 52 OFFERED BY MR . GARAMENDI  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00152 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.085 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6453 July 26, 2017 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 180, noes 247, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 423] AYES—180 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Correa Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—247 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Cramer Crawford Crist Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—6 
Costello (PA) Cummings Hollingsworth Jeffries Napolitano Scalise 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2312 Ms. KAPTUR changed her vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 54 OFFERED BY MS . PINGREE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. P
IN-
GREE ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 192, noes 235, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 424] AYES—192 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—235 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00153 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.223 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6454 July 26, 2017 
Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—6 
Costello (PA) Cummings Hollingsworth Jeffries Napolitano Scalise 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2315 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 56 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EE) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 234, noes 192, not voting 7, as follows: [Roll No. 425] AYES—234 
Abraham Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Collins (GA) Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Fitzpatrick Flores Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Granger Graves (LA) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hartzler Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (NY) Kinzinger Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Marchant Matsui McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Trott Tsongas Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walker Walorski Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (IA) 
NOES—192 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Cheney Cole Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Ferguson Fleischmann Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Maloney, Sean Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Taylor Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Turner Valadao Walberg Walden Walters, Mimi Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Zeldin NOT VOTING—7 
Costello (PA) Cummings Hollingsworth Jeffries Napolitano Scalise Torres 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2320 Messrs. THOMAS J. ROONEY of Florida, KATKO, HIGGINS of Lou-isiana, JENKINS of West Virginia, and MOONEY of West Virginia changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 57 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. W ALKER ). It is now in order to consider amendment No. 57 printed in House Report 115–259. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division D, before the short title, insert the following: S
EC. ll. The amounts otherwise provided by this Act are revised by reducing the amount made available for ‘‘Corps of Engi-neers-Civil—Construction’’, and increasing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00154 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.092 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6455 July 26, 2017 
the amount made available for the same ac-count, by $100,000,000. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 473, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I again thank the chairman and the ranking member of the subcommittee for this very critical work. My amendment speaks to the need for robust funding for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers’ construction ac-count by redirecting $100 million for in-creased funding for critical construc-tion projects like those projects that are current and future projects throughout the Nation. As a Federal agency that collects and studies basic information pertaining to river and harbor, and flood and storm damage reduction, it is important that the Army Corps of Engineers and the construction unit have the funding to focus its resources around the Nation again. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers plays a critical role in the building, maintaining, and expanding of the most critical of the Nation’s infra-structures. The Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies Subcommittee has an important responsibility, and it is to ensure the safety of the Nation’s waterways. Some of these waterways are in and around many of our States, particu-larly in the State of Texas. Not only do we have a concept of bayous, but, for example, we are surrounded in many parts by the Gulf. We have an enor-mous amount of water in rivers, and the Army Corps of Engineers is par-ticularly important as it relates to flooding. But we have seen flooding across America. So this particular amend-ment is to ensure that resources are there as Americans face unusual flood-ing that has been occurring over the last decades. I will give you an example. During May 2015, in the Houston flood, 3,015 homes were flooded and eight people died. During the April 2016 Houston flood, 5,400 homes were flooded and eight deaths were recorded. The eco-nomic damage caused by the 2015 Hous-ton flood is estimated at $3 billion. I want my colleagues to know that this amendment is not for a region or an area. It is really to help the Nation. Mr. Chairman, I would like to con-clude by simply thanking the com-mittee and staff and, again, reminding individuals that we can save lives through the work of the Army Corps of Engineers in stopping flooding that im-pacts not only my region of the coun-try, but really across the country. I conclude with one final statement: We in our community are entering hur-ricane season. This will be a very im-portant amendment as we enter hurri-cane season all over the Nation. Mr. Chair, I want to thank Chairman SIMP-
SON and Ranking Member K APTUR for shep- herding this legislation to the floor and for their commitment to preserving America’s great nat-ural environment and resources so that they can serve and be enjoyed by generations to come. My amendment speaks to the need for ro-bust funding for the U.S. Army Corps of Engi-neers ‘‘Construction’’ account by redirecting $100 million for increased funding for critical construction projects, like those current and future projects proposed for the Houston/Har-ris County metropolitan area. As the federal agency that collects and studies basic information pertaining to river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduc-tion, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem res-toration, and conducts detailed studies, plans, and specifications for river and harbor, and flood and storm damage reduction, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineer plays a critical role in the building, maintaining, and expanding the most critical of the nation’s infrastructure. We understand this very well in my home state of Texas and the Eighteenth Congres-sional District that I represent. The Army Corps of Engineers has been working with the Harris County Flood Control District since 1937 to reduce the risk of flood-ing within Harris County. Current projects include 6 federal flood risk management projects: 1. Sims Bayou 2. Greens Bayou 3. Brays Bayou 4. White Oak Bayou 5. Hunting Bayou, and 6. Clear Creek. In addition to these ongoing projects, the Army Corps of Engineers operates and main-tains the Addicks and Barker (A&B) Detention Dams in northwest Harris County. Such a study is certainly needed given the frequency and severity of historic-level flood events in recent years in and around the Houston metropolitan area, it is clear that much more needs to be done to minimize the vulnerability of the nation’s 4th largest metro-politan area and economic engine from the flood damage. On April 15, 2016, an estimated 240 billion gallons of water fell in the Houston area over a 12 hour period, which resulted in several areas exceeding the 100 to 500 year flood event record. The areas that experienced these historic rain falls were west of I–45, north of I–10, and Greens Bayou. Additionally, an estimated 140 billion gallons of water fell over the Cypress Creek, Spring Creek, and Addicks watershed in just 14 hours. Mr. Chair, during the May 2015 Houston flood, 3,015 homes were flooded and 8 per-sons died; during the April 2016 Houston flood, 5,400 homes were flooded and 8 deaths recorded. The economic damage caused by the 2015 Houston flood is estimated at $3 billion; the 2016 estimate is being compiled and is esti-mated to be well above $2 billion. Mr. Chair, minimizing the risk of flood dam-age to the Houston and Harris County metro-politan area, the nation’s 4th largest, is a mat-ter of national significance because the region is one of the nation’s major technology, en-ergy, finance, export and medical centers: 1. Port of Houston is the largest bulk port in the world; 2. Texas Medical Center is a world re-nowned teaching, research and treatment cen-ter; 3. Houston is home to the largest conglom-eration of foreign bank representation and second only to New York City as home to the most Fortune 500 companies; and 4. The Houston Watershed Assessment study area sits within major Hurricane Evacu-ation arteries for the larger Galveston Gulf Coast region. I ask my colleagues to join me and support Jackson Lee Amendment No. 57. I thank Chairman S
IMPSON and Ranking Member K
APTUR for their work in shepherding this bill to the floor. Mr. Chairman, I ask support for the Jackson Lee amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EE). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 58 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 58 printed in House Report 115–259. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division D (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act for ‘‘Department of Energy—En-ergy Programs—Science’’ may be used in contravention of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 473, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, my amendment is a very simple amendment that promotes STEM edu-cation, which is really a vital part of the future of this Nation. In particular, my amendment says: ‘‘None of the funds made available by this act for ‘Department of Energy— Energy Programs—Science’ may be used in contravention of the Depart-ment of Energy Organization Act.’’ This amendment was approved and adopted just in the last session. Twen-ty years ago, on February 11, we were directed to identify and address the disproportionately high and adverse human health or environmental effects of their actions on minority and low- income populations. The Department of Energy ceased to provide equal access in these opportu-nities for underrepresented groups in STEM, including minorities, Native Americans, and women. Mr. Chairman, women and minorities make up 70 percent of college students, but only 45 percent of undergraduates 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00155 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.094 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6456 July 26, 2017 
are STEM degree holders. This large pool of untapped talent is a great po-tential source of STEM professional, but it also deprives the United States of its best minds to be able to help it in the 21st century. As the Nation’s demographics are shifting and now more children under the age of 1 are minorities, it is critical that we close the gap in the number of minorities who seek system opportuni-ties. Mr. Chairman, there are still a great many scientific riddles left to be solved. And perhaps one of these days, a minority engineer or biologist will come up with some of the solutions. As many have done in the past, the larger point is that we need more STEM educators and more minorities to qualify them. My amendment turns our importance to the importance of energy and science education pro-grams, funded in part by this bill, and will help to ensure that members of un-represented communities are not placed at a disadvantage when it comes to environmental sustainability, pres-ervation, and health. b2330 Mr. Chairman, in closing, let me take note of some of the colleagues that I have had the privilege of being neigh-bors to. NASA’s Johnson Space Center is, if I might say, one of the neighbors of my community, great respect for the astronauts; Major Bolden, who serves as head of NASA; and Mae Jemison is my neighbor, the first African-Amer-ican woman who went into space. I want more of those individuals coming from our Nation’s schools, and I ask my colleagues to support this amend-ment that will encourage those in low- income communities and minorities, Native Americans, and others to join in and support the opportunities for STEM education. Mr. Chair, I want to thank Chairman S
IMP-
SON and Ranking Member K APTUR for shep- herding this legislation to the floor and for their commitment to preserving America’s great nat-ural environment and resources so that they can serve and be enjoyed by generations to come. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 58 simply pro-vides that: ‘‘None of the funds made available by this Act for ‘Department of Energy—Energy Pro-grams—Science’ be used in contravention of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.).’’ This amendment was approved and adopt-ed in identical form on April 29, 2015, during the 114th Congress as an amendment to H.R. 2028, the Energy and Water Resources Ap-propriations Act of 2016. Mr. Chair, twenty years ago, on February 11, 1994, President Clinton issued Executive Order 12898, directing federal agencies to identify and address the disproportionately high and adverse human health or environ-mental effects of their actions on minority and low-income populations. The Department of Energy seeks to provide equal access in these opportunities for under-represented groups in STEM, including minori-ties, Native Americans, and women. Mr. Chair, women and minorities make up 70 percent of college students, but only 45 percent of undergraduate STEM degree hold-ers. This large pool of untapped talent is a great potential source of STEM professionals. As the nation’s demographics are shifting and now most children under the age of one are minorities, it is critical that we close the gap in the number of minorities who seek STEM opportunities. I encourage Energy Secretary Perry to sur-pass the commitment of his predecessors’ to-ward increasing the nation’s economic com-petitiveness and enabling more of our people to realize their full potential. Mr. Chair, there are still a great many sci-entific riddles left to be solved—and perhaps one of these days a minority engineer or biolo-gist will come-up with some of the solutions. The larger point is that we need more STEM educators and more minorities to qual-ify for them. The energy and science education pro-grams funded in part by this bill will help en-sure that members of underrepresented com-munities are not placed at a disadvantage when it comes to the environmental sustain-ability, preservation, and health. Through education about the importance of environmental sustainability, we can promote a broader understanding of science and how citizens can improve their surroundings. Through community education efforts, teachers and students have also benefitted by learning about radiation, radioactive waste management, and other related subjects. The Department of Energy places interns and volunteers from minority institutions into energy efficiency and renewable energy pro-grams. The DOE also works to increase low income and minority access to STEM fields and help students attain graduate degrees as well as find employment. With the continuation of this kind of funding, we can increase diversity, provide clean en-ergy options to our most underserved commu-nities, and help improve their environments, which will yield better health outcomes and greater public awareness. But most importantly businesses will have more consumers to whom they may engage in related commercial activities. My amendment will help ensure that under-represented communities are able to partici-pate and contribute equitably in the energy and scientific future. I ask my colleagues to join me and support Jackson Lee Amendment No. 58. Mr. Chairman, I ask for support of the Jackson Lee amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EE). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 59 OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 59 printed in House Report 115–259. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: At the end of division D (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. lll. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used to prepare, pro-pose, or promulgate any regulation or guid-ance that references or relies on the analysis contained in— (1) ‘‘Technical Support Document: Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Anal-ysis Under Executive Order 12866’’, published by the Interagency Working Group on Social Cost of Carbon, United States Government, in February 2010; (2) ‘‘Technical Support Document: Tech-nical Update of the Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Analysis Under Execu-tive Order 12866’’, published by the Inter-agency Working Group on Social Cost of Car-bon, United States Government, in May 2013 and revised in November 2013; (3) ‘‘Revised Draft Guidance for Federal Departments and Agencies on Consideration of Greenhouse Gas Emissions and the Effects of Climate Change in NEPA Reviews’’, pub-lished by the Council on Environmental Quality on December 24, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 77801); (4) ‘‘Technical Support Document: Tech-nical Update of the Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Analysis Under Execu-tive Order 12866’’, published by the Inter-agency Working Group on Social Cost of Car-bon, United States Government, in July 2015; (5) ‘‘Addendum to the Technical Support Document on Social Cost of Carbon for Regu-latory Impact Analysis Under Executive Order 12866: Application of the Methodology to Estimate the Social Cost of Methane and the Social Cost of Nitrous Oxide’’, published by the Interagency Working Group on Social Cost of Greenhouse Gases, United States Government, in August 2016; or (6) ‘‘Technical Support Document: Tech-nical Update of the Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Analysis Under Execu-tive Order 12866’’, published by the Inter-agency Working Group on Social Cost of Greenhouse Gases, United States Govern-ment, in August 2016. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 473, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer a commonsense amend-ment that will protect American jobs and the economy by prohibiting funds from being used to implement the Obama administration’s flawed Social Cost of Carbon, or SCC, valuation. This job-killing and unlawful guidance sneakily attempts to pave the way for cap-and-trade-like mandates. Congress and the American people have repeatedly rejected cap-and-trade proposals. Knowing that he could not lawfully enact a carbon tax plan, Presi-dent Obama attempted to circumvent Congress by playing loose and fast with the Clean Air Act to unilaterally im-plement this unlawful new requirement under the guise of guidance. The Obama administration continu-ously used the SCC valuation models, which can be easily manipulated, to try and justify new job-killing regula-tions. Although President Trump issued an executive order in March to disband the Interagency Working Group on So-cial Cost of Greenhouse Gases, Federal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00156 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.233 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6457 July 26, 2017 
agencies continue to work on the SCC valuation. My amendment is necessary to strengthen the intent of President Trump’s executive order while also en-suring that it is Congress, not the exec-utive branch, which sets tax and envi-ronmental policy. The committee wisely issued guid-ance in the bill report to delay the pro-mulgation of SCC regulations until a new working group is convened. My amendment explicitly prohibits funds from being used to implement the deeply flawed Social Cost of Carbon guidance in the bill text. The House has a clear, consistent, and strong record of opposition to the Social Cost of Carbon. My colleagues voted in favor of my amendment in FY17 appropriations by a clear major-ity of 230–188. In fact, the House has decisively voted 10 times to block, defund, or op-pose the Social Cost of Carbon since 2013. My amendment ensures this Chamber’s position remains consistent and crystal clear in FY18. Roger Martella, a self-described life-long environmentalist and career envi-ronmental lawyer, testified at the May 2015 House Natural Resources Com-mittee hearing on the revised SCC guidance and the flaws associated with the Social Cost of Carbon model, stat-ing that the ‘‘’Social Cost of Carbon’ estimates suffer from a number of sig-nificant flaws that should exclude them from the NEPA process.’’ Amongst these flaws are, one, that the ‘‘projected costs of carbon emis-sions can be manipulated by changing key parameters such as timeframes, discount rates, and other values that have no relation to a given project un-dergoing review.’’ Two, ‘‘OMB and the other Federal agencies developed the draft Social Cost of Carbon estimates without any known peer review or opportunity for public comment during the develop-ment process.’’ Three, ‘‘OMB’s draft Social Cost of Carbon estimates are based primarily on global rather than domestic costs and benefits.’’ Four, ‘‘there is still considerable un-certainty in many of the assumptions and data elements used to create the draft Social Cost of Carbon estimates, such as the damage functions and mod-eled time horizons.’’ Mr. Martella’s testimony was spot on. Congress, not Washington bureau-crats, should dictate our country’s cli-mate change policy. The sweeping and costly changes that the Social Cost of Carbon metric would impose are not only misguided and unwise, they are also based on fundamentally flawed policies that sidestepped Congress, did not go through the normal regulatory process, and received no public com-ment. Worse yet, the model utilized to pre-dict the Social Cost of Carbon can be easily manipulated to arrive at the de-sired outcome. Regardless of one’s positions on cli-mate change, my colleagues surely must respect the constitutional role of the legislative branch and oppose bu-reaucratic efforts to circumvent Con-gress to impose an extremist environ-mental agenda that is not based on best available science. Congress must provide certainty to business and consumers that the costly and scientifically bankrupt Social Cost of Carbon valuation will not creep its way into our regulatory process. My amendment provides that cer-tainty. Over the last 2 years, this effort has received support from the American Energy Alliance, Americans for Lim-ited Government, Americans for Tax Reform, Arch Coal, Competitive Enter-prise Institute, the Council for Citizens Against Government Waste, FreedomWorks, National Mining Asso-ciation, the National Taxpayers Union, and Taxpayers Protection Alliance. Congress, not anonymous Wash-ington bureaucrats, should dictate our country’s tax and climate change pol-icy. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment to, once again, block the flawed Social Cost of Carbon. I commend the chairman and the committee for their efforts on this leg-islation, and I urge support of my amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I think the gentleman has a point of view that I do not support, but in terms of this amendment, it really is not necessary. It is redundant. On March 28 of this year, Executive Order No. 13783, signed by President Donald Trump, has re-scinded every one of the analyses that the gentleman referenced in his pro-posed amendment. So this amendment does less than nothing. It has already been dealt with through executive order. I would just encourage my colleagues to let’s move the agenda along this evening where we will have significant debate perhaps on other matters. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment because it is redundant at this point, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I want to reiterate even though President Trump issued an executive order in March to disband the Interagency Working Group on Social Cost of Greenhouse Gases, Federal agencies continue to work on the SCC valuation. So I, at the very least, would expect everybody to support this. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). The amendment was agreed to. AMENDMENT NO . 60 OFFERED BY MS . DELBENE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 60 printed in House Report 115–259. Ms. D
ELBENE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division D, before the short title, insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available in this division may be used for the procure-ment of anchor chain that is not subject to the restrictions in section 225.7007-1 of title 48, Code of Federal Regulations. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 473, the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. D
ELBENE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Washington. Ms. D
ELBENE. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an important amend-ment to this year’s Energy and Water Development Appropriations bill. It fixes a serious problem that must be addressed to protect hardworking Americans in my district and across the country. Both parties can agree that our Na-tion should be spending taxpayer dol-lars on goods manufactured here at home, not overseas, whenever we can. Doing so not only supports American jobs in our communities but also rein-forces our national security. Even President Trump called for strength-ening enforcing laws that promote American industry and American workers. So I hope my colleagues from both sides of the aisle can come to-gether on this issue. Particularly in these uncertain times, it is imperative that we protect American production capabilities by supporting U.S. manufacturers. Every year since 1991, Congress has included a provision in the Department of Defense Appropriations bill to re-quire that military agencies purchase anchor chain from American busi-nesses. For the last 2 years, the House and Senate have supported an amend-ment of mine clarifying that this re-quirement applies to the Army Corps of Engineers. Unfortunately, the Corps has continued to ignore clear congres-sional intent and has made several ac-quisitions of foreign-made anchor chain from countries like China and Korea. Until the Army Corps follows the pol-icy, I will keep fighting to support U.S. manufacturers and their workers, and I hope the whole Chamber will join me in this effort. My amendment strengthens the ex-isting language in this bill to better protect the critical production capa-bility, support our manufacturing in-dustry, and put American workers first. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00157 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.237 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6458 July 26, 2017 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I rec-ognize the underlying bill has language on this issue, but I understand that the requirement may not be as comprehen-sive as my colleague supports. I am concerned that the amendment before us may have unintended consequences. If my colleague would withdraw the amendment today, I will commit to working together as this bill moves through the legislative process to see if we can address her concerns in a man-ner acceptable to everyone. Otherwise, I will have to oppose the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Ohio. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I rise to support the intent of the gentle-woman’s amendment. I am very glad to hear what the gentlewoman is saying. She is trying to do everything she can to support American-made products and particularly American-made an-chor chain. I would be willing to work with the chairman and the gentle-woman as the process goes forward to ensure we purchase American-made products. I just wanted to express that support. I thank the gentleman for his offer. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, if the gentlewoman is willing to withdraw the amendment, we will work together to see if we can solve this. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. D
ELBENE. Mr. Chairman, I ap-preciate the gentleman’s willingness to work with me on this important issue and also Representative K
APTUR for her support. Our Nation can’t afford to lose its critical production capability. We should not allow American workers to be left behind, so I look forward to working with the gentleman and the gentlewoman. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time, and I withdraw my amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT NO . 61 OFFERED BY MR . BURGESS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 61 printed in House Report 115–259. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division D (before the short title) insert the following new section: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available in this division may be used— (1) to implement or enforce section 430.32(x) of title 10, Code of Federal Regula-tions; or (2) to implement or enforce the standards established by the tables contained in sec-tion 325(i)(1)(B) of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6295(i)(1)(B)) with respect to BPAR incandescent reflector lamps, BR incandescent reflector lamps, and ER incandescent reflector lamps. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 473, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment to pre-vent the distortion of the free market by the Federal Government. Since its passage in 2007 of the En-ergy Independence and Security Act, I have heard from virtually tens of thou-sands of constituents about the lan-guage in that act and how it will take away consumer choice when constitu-ents are deciding which lightbulbs they will use in their homes. Mr. Chairman, they are right. Mr. Chairman, in the interest of time, I want to point out this exact amendment has been accepted for the past 6 years by the House. Three of those years it was accepted by voice vote. It was included in the annual ap-propriations legislation signed into law by President Obama every year since its first inclusion in 2011, and has been a priority of the Republican Conference since its adoption into law. It allows consumers to continue to have a choice and to have a say about what type of lightbulb they will put into their homes. Congress should fight to pre-serve the free market. It is common sense. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, with all the respect I have for Congressman B
URGESS , I oppose this damaging rider which would block the Department of Energy from implementing or enforc-ing commonsense energy efficiency standards for lightbulbs. This rider was a bad idea when it was first offered 7 years ago, and it is even more unsupportable now. Why do I say that? Because every claim made by proponents of the rider have been prov-en wrong. Number one, we have been told, in-cluding by Dr. B
URGESS , that the en-ergy efficiency standards would ban in-candescent lightbulbs. That is simply false. You can go to the store today and see shelves of modern energy effi-cient incandescent lightbulbs that meet the standard, and they are the same as the old bulbs except they last longer, use less electricity, and save consumers money. Then we heard for years that the en-ergy efficiency standards restrict con-sumer choice. b2345 If you have shopped for lightbulbs lately, which I have, you know that isn’t true. In fact, modern incandescent bulbs, compact fluorescent lightbulbs, and LEDs of every shape, size, and color are now available. Consumers have never had more choice, and the efficiency standard spurred innovation that dramatically expanded options for consumers. I am amazed how many shelves lightbulbs now occupy in the stores. Critics of the efficiency standards claim that they would cost consumers money. In fact, the opposite is true. When the standards are in full effect, the average American family will save about $100 per year. That is pretty good. That is $12.5 billion in savings for consumers and businesses nationwide every year. That is $12.5 billion. But this rider threatens those savings. That is why consumer groups have con-sistently opposed this rider. Here is the reality. The 2007 con-sensus energy efficiency standards for lightbulbs were enacted with bipar-tisan support and continue to enjoy overwhelming industry support. U.S. manufacturers are already meeting the efficiency standards. The effect of the rider is to allow for-eign manufacturers to sell old, ineffi-cient lightbulbs in the United States that violate the efficiency standards. That is unfair to domestic manufactur-ers who have invested millions of dol-lars in U.S. plants to make efficient bulbs that meet the standards. Why on Earth would we want to pass a rider that favors foreign manufactur-ers who ignore our laws and penalize U.S. manufacturers who are following our laws? But it gets even worse. The mere ex-istence of this rider poses and addi-tional threat to U.S. manufacturing. The bipartisan 2007 Energy bill re-quired the Department of Energy to es-tablish updated lightbulb efficiency standards by January 1 of this year. It also provided that, if final updated standards are not issued by then, a more stringent backstop standard of 45 lumens per watt automatically takes effect, and incandescent lightbulbs cur-rently cannot meet this backstop standard. Well, we are well into 2017, and the Burgess lightbulb rider has remained on the books. So, earlier this year, the Department of Energy had to go for-ward with finalizing the 45-lumens-per- watt backstop standard. Approving this rider year after year is ultimately what blocked the Depart-ment of Energy from issuing the re-quired efficiency standards in time to avoid such stringent measures. Iron-ically, it is this rider that would effec-tively ban the incandescent lightbulb in 2020. The Burgess rider directly threatens existing lightbulb manufacturing jobs in the United States. It would stifle in-novation and punish companies that have invested in domestic manufac-turing. This rider aims to reverse years of technological progress, only to kill jobs, increase electricity bills for our consumers, and worsen pollution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00158 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.239 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6459 July 26, 2017 
It is time to choose common sense over rigid ideology. It is time to listen to the manufacturing companies, con-sumer groups, and efficiency advocates who all agree that this rider is harm-ful. Mr. Chairman, I urge all Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on the Burgess lightbulb rider, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Chairman, I will disagree on the economics that were just presented. But apart from the eco-nomics of the lightbulb mandate, that is, in fact, only part of the story. With the extreme expansion of Fed-eral powers undertaken in the last ad-ministration, when the Democrats were in charge of Congress for 4 years, Americans have just now begun to see how far the Constitution’s Commerce Clause has been manipulated from its original intent. The lightbulb mandate is a perfect example of this manipula-tion. The Commerce Clause was intended by our Founding Fathers to be a limi-tation on Federal authority, not a catchall in order to allow for any topic to be regulated by Washington. Indeed, it is clear that the Founding Fathers never intended for this clause to be used to allow the Federal Government to regulate and pass mandates on con-sumer products that do not pose a risk to either human health or safety. Mr. Chairman, in December of 2007, when this bill was first passed, the col-umnist George Will observed on tele-vision one Sunday morning that it is the job of the Federal Government to defend the borders and deliver the mail. But instead of keeping up with those two tasks, we instead decided to ban the incandescent bulb. It was wrong in 2007. It is wrong in 2017. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of the amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 62 OFFERED BY MRS . 
BLACKBURN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 62 printed in House Report 115–259. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division D (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. Each amount appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act that is not required to be appropriated or otherwise made available by a provision of law is here-by reduced by 1 percent. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 473, the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACKBURN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Tennessee. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, first of all, I want to begin by thanking the committee for their hard work on this appropriations bill. Every year, I come to this floor through the appropriations process to present amendments calling for 1 per-cent across-the-board cuts. So many years I have come down here to talk about how the spending continues to increase. Indeed, our budget does in-crease. But I have to tell you, the chairman and his team have done an incredible job this year. The outlays that we see in this bill this year are $209 million—think about that—less than the budget authority from last year. That is significant, and it should be recognized and should be praised, because that is the type of work that we need to see. Now, I do continue to present the 1 percent across-the-board amendment because we are facing a time in our Na-tion where 1 percent makes a dif-ference, just as we are seeing from the good work that they have done. Passing this amendment for the 1 percent across-the-board spending re-duction would save us an additional $376 million. It is important to do be-cause our Nation is facing $20 trillion in debt. Because of that, we have to ask ourselves: Is it important to spend some of the money that is being spent on programs that we see taking place in the Department of Energy? It causes us to look at these pro-grams and talk about priorities, where we should spend those precious dollars that are not Federal dollars. They are taxpayer dollars that are coming out of the pockets of hardworking men and women. Indeed, we have, many times, quoted Admiral Mullins’ comments from July 6, 2010, that the greatest threat to our Nation’s security is our Nation’s debt. Because of that, I recognize and ap-plaud the good work that has been done, but I encourage support for my amendment and the continued honing and prioritizing of what takes the tax-payer money that is spent by this body. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, let me first say that I compliment the gentle-woman for her consistency. She is a true budget hawk in trying to make sure that we ultimately balance this budget. It is tough work to do that. We have actually, as she mentioned, reduced spending in this bill over last year. Could we reduce it another 1 per-cent across the board? The problem is we have to choose some priority in the bill. The highest priority we had was our Nation’s defense, the nuclear weapons program. Even though the overall bill is down $206 million, the defense activi-ties are actually up nearly a billion dollars. We then have to look at the infra-structure of this Nation and the fact that we have deteriorating infrastruc-ture, and Congress has told us that each year we have to meet what is called the WRDA target. We have to spend with the Army Corps of Engi-neers to meet the infrastructure of our harbors, dams, and inland waterways and restore those things, because it is very important to our commerce and something the Congress supports great-ly. So when we have had to increase the Army Corps of Engineers funding over what was spent last year and then we have had to increase weapons activity, that means the Department of Energy has been significantly reduced over what they were last year. We have had to make some very hard choices. We have cut the EERE, Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, pro-gram in half from $2 billion to $1 bil-lion, roughly. We have had to eliminate the ARPA– E program, a program that I happen to support, but we just don’t have the money for it. We have had to eliminate the loan guarantee program, a program that, again, I support, but we just don’t have the money for it. So we have made some significant re-ductions while prioritizing basic science research and those types of ac-tivities within the Department of En-ergy. I think we have done a good job, given a pretty skinny budget. We have made tough choices. That is okay. That is what we do all the time in the Appropriations Committee. The reality is, if we are ever going to balance this budget, if anybody looks at the numbers, right now we are spending about 70 percent of our total Federal budget on mandatory pro-grams. We have been reducing discre-tionary spending over the years. As a portion of the total budget, it has gone down every year. If we don’t get a hold of mandatory spending—Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security, and interest on the debt— within 10 years we will have enough money for our mandatory programs and defense, nothing else—zero. We are not going to balance this budget by reducing discretionary spending. Keeping control of it, you bet, that is what we have been doing. That is what the Appropriations Com-mittee has been doing since 2010, or earlier. We have actually been reducing spending. It is very important that we do that. But we have to get a hold of mandatory spending if we are going to balance the budget. So while I appreciate what the gen-tlewoman is trying to do, I agree with her, we need to balance this budget. We need to balance this budget. Unfortu-nately, this is not the way to do it. So I have to oppose this amendment and hope my colleagues would oppose it also. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00159 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.242 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6460 July 26, 2017 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I will tell you every comment that Mr. S
IMPSON made about the mandatory spending is something that I agree with. Yes, we have to do that. But just as we in Congress have reduced our Legislative Branch budget by about 20 percent over the last few years, and just as our Appropriations Committee has done a wonderful job of pulling back on the spending that is done to discretionary, we need to give that same challenge to the bureaucracy, to those rank-and-file Federal employees and challenge them to go save a penny on a dollar out of what they are appro-priated. Find a way to yield savings to the work that they do and help us with this process to rein in spending. Mr. Chairman, I encourage support of the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACK -
BURN ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 63 OFFERED BY MR . PERRY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 63 printed in House Report 115–259. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division D (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. lll. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used to implement or enforce the final rule published by the Secretary of Energy entitled ‘‘Energy Con-servation Program: Test Procedures for Cen-tral Air Conditioners and Heat Pumps’’ pub-lished on January 5, 2017 (82 Fed. Reg. 1426). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 473, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ERRY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, first of all, I want to thank the Appropriations Committee for the extraordinary work they have done in a very limited amount of time. This amendment would prohibit the use of funds to implement or enforce the final rule published by the former Secretary of Energy, entitled: ‘‘Test Procedures for Central Air Condi-tioners and Heat Pumps.’’ Mr. Chairman, this is simply an ex-ample of too much Washington, too much government. I am sure it was well-intended, but I am not sure if the good idea fairies in Washington really realized fully what they did. b0000 Certainly we want to have test stand-ards and so on and so forth, but the one-size-fits-all approach that comes out of Washington misses some folks and can cause some irreparable damage to businesses all around the country. And all around the country there are small manufacturers that are trying to build some air-conditioners. In par-ticular, there is one in the district that I represent that builds custom-made air-conditioners and heat pumps for skyscrapers and high-rise buildings. If I can picture the scene, the origi-nal units are put in when the buildings are being constructed. So there are cranes available, there are openings in the walls and in the structure, and they just move the stuff in, and then they close it all up. In 10, 15, 20, 30 years later when they go to replace it, well, the walls are in, the windows are in, the people are in, the offices are in. There is no crane available, and they have to piece this thing together through the elevator and into the closet. So this company, like other ones around the country, make custom-made ones, each one for a specific application—each one. But the Department of Energy, and this rule in particular, says that this company must test each model that they make for these efficiency stand-ards—each one—an arduous test taking months, if not years, in documentation for one application. Again, I am sure the Department of Energy was well-intended. However, this rule is going to put a business out. They work in the city of York, a fine city in central Pennsylvania, right downtown where we want manufac-turing to happen, where people can walk to work. These folks are trying. They are struggling to survive in this economy, and the only thing that is going to put them out is this regula-tion, Mr. Chairman. While well-intended, it is not going to be helpful. These folks are trying to do the right thing, but the government is getting in the way. Believe it or not, Consumer Reports actually recommended against buying some of these systems under this test-ing rule because the systems had high-er costs and poor repair records. Believe it or not, Mr. Chairman, the free market actually fixes most of this stuff. Most of us want to buy more effi-cient things that are cheaper, that are easier to maintain, and have a better record. This is Consumer Reports talk-ing. This isn’t P
ERRY ’s record. This is Consumer Reports talking. Let us not put this company out of business. Let us not put these compa-nies out of business. Let us be respon-sible. I urge passage. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I claim time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong opposition to this particular amendment. I say to the gentleman: For the com-pany in your district, the regulations include the opportunity for waiver. And I would hope that the company in your district would be able to work that out. The amendment that the gentleman proposes seeks to prohibit the Depart-ment of Energy from implementing testing procedures for the energy effi-ciency standards set for heat pumps and air-conditioners. I, as the consumer, whether I am buying a heat pump, a furnace, a re-frigerator—and every American who now shops looks for those—that is like the sticker. That is what you really look for, and you want to know how much you are going to pay every year for what that product will cost you for energy. And the better product you have, and you are able to put that on a label and it is verified by the Depart-ment of Energy, that helps sales. The original standards that were cre-ated were supported and have been sup-ported by the Edison Electric Institute, the association which represents all in-vestor-owned utilities. The amend-ment, by the way, is opposed by the Air Conditioning, Heating, and Refrigera-tion Institute, which represents manu-facturers of HVAC systems that em-ploy over 1.3 million Americans. And industry opposes the amendment, envi-ronmentalists oppose it, because it would cost an average—a cumulative cost to Americans of $12.2 billion over 30 years. So there is a lot of opposition to this. It is important to note that these standards were negotiated in a collabo-rative process by industry groups, envi-ronmental nonprofits, and consumer advocates with the Department of En-ergy. A rider like this one damages the integrity of the negotiated rulemaking process, which is designed to provide certainty and voice to the industry and education and information to con-sumers. Test procedures are simple and im-portant. The Department of Energy de-velops them to make sure companies are rating their product accurately so consumers don’t get stuck paying high-er bills than they expect, so you know what you buy. Let’s be clear. This amendment would effectively nullify the efficiency standards for heating and cooling sys-tems, in spite of the fact that these standards project that it will save bil-lions of dollars over the period that they are applied, and that is equivalent to having 1 million fewer homes con-nected to the grid over the same pe-riod. It is an enormous savings. If there is a particular company that is unfairly impacted by these rules, there are outlets for regulatory relief through waivers, as I have mentioned, and this amendment would neuter 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00160 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.244 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6461 July 26, 2017 
those standards and thereby allow cheap imports to undercut American products by exploiting the lack of standards. We don’t want to go back to that. I look for those yellow labels. To protect American manufacturers, to save Americans money on their utility bills, and to reduce air pollution, I strongly oppose this amendment, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ The gentleman may have a good in-tention in offering this amendment, but I don’t think you want to take away the benefits to the American peo-ple for one company in your district when that company, in fact, can nego-tiate and receive a waiver. I would just ask my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, we are in agreement that the regulations have to be in place. I, too, like the yellow sticker, just like she does; and some-how the yellow stickers are in place without this new rule. They are there right now. You have been seeing them for years. This is new—this is a new regulation. I would contend that, yeah, the man-ufacturers have gotten on board and they have negotiated this rule. Because what choice did they have, right? The Federal Government is going to regulate. They are going to do it. You either get in the game and play ball or you know what happens to the bat. Right? They didn’t want to be in that position, so they took the best they could. I am telling you and it is my conten-tion that the free market is going to figure this out because we all want the most efficient, the most cost-effective, and the most maintenance-effective, whether it is an air-conditioner, wheth-er it is a car, or whether it is an elec-tric toothbrush. We don’t need the Federal Govern-ment telling us to do it. By the way, this company has applied for a waiver, years in the making. They literally have the president of the company spending almost, he said, 85 percent of his time dealing with Federal regula-tion compliance. The president of the company is the guy who wants to hire these 125 people, go make sales, and produce things. In-stead, all he is doing is dealing with the Federal Government. Somehow, someway we all got to this point. It feels pretty cool in the Capitol right now, right? It feels pretty cool in the House of Representatives. The yellow labels were there before this regulation ever happened. Mr. Chairman, I ask and urge the Members to vote in favor of the amend-ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ERRY ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania will be postponed. AMENDMENT NO . 64 OFFERED BY MR . BUDD  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 64 printed in House Report 115–259. Mr. BUDD. Mr. Chairman, as the des-ignee of the gentleman from Florida (Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY ), I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the division D (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, ad-minister, or enforce the prevailing wage re-quirements in subchapter IV of chapter 31 of title 40, United States Code (commonly re-ferred to as the Davis-Bacon Act). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 473, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. B
UDD) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. Mr. BUDD. Mr. Chairman, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, the Davis-Bacon Act hinders economic growth and increases the Federal deficit. It imposes enor-mous burdens, stifles contractor pro-ductivity, ignores skill differences for different jobs, and imposes rigid craftwork rules. The Congressional Budget Office has estimated that the Davis-Bacon Act will raise Federal construction costs by $13 billion between 2015 and 2023. Now, wages are often set at or above the union scale, despite the fact that only 13 percent of the private construc-tion workforce is even unionized na-tionwide, Mr. Chairman. b0010 The Davis-Bacon wage determina-tions have also been known to be lower than the current market rate, which is equally problematic and especially det-rimental for local contractors. It is just erratic. The GAO, the Government Account-ability Office, has repeatedly criticized DOL’s Davis-Bacon wage determina-tion process for its lack of trans-parency in the published wage rates and its tendency to gather erroneous data through unscientific wage sur-veys. Repealing the DBA would allow the government to build more infrastruc-ture and create 155,000 new construc-tion-related jobs at the very same cost to the taxpayers. In fact, repealing Davis-Bacon would have saved the Fed-eral Government $10.9 billion, and that was back in 2011. This amendment would uphold the government’s responsibility to deliver quality infrastructure improvements at the best possible price to the tax-payers, which is certainly what we owe them. It is imperative that all levels of government guarantee the general pub-lic that their tax dollars are being spent in the most effective way pos-sible. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Florida (Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY ) for his work on this amendment, and I withdraw my amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. The Chair understands that amend-ment No. 65 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 70 OFFERED BY MR . MITCHELL  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. P ERRY ). It is now in order to consider amendment No. 70 printed in House Report 115–259. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division D (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. lll. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used to delay the re-lease of the Great Lakes and Mississippi River Interbasin Study (GLMRIS) Brandon Road Study. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 473, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. M
ITCHELL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Chairman, I rise today as an advocate of the Great Lakes. It is with that spirit I propose my amendment to prevent funds to be used to further delay the release of the Brandon Road Study. Anyone who has spent time in my home State of Michigan or any of the Great Lakes States knows the beauty and importance of the lakes. In addi-tion to their majesty, the Great Lakes supply 90 percent of the United States freshwater supply. Thirty million peo-ple live at the Great Lakes Basin, and they are all impacted by the quality of our lakes, whether as a water source, source of business, recreational oppor-tunity, or the lakes’ inherent value as a natural wonder. Any risk to the Great Lakes is a significant problem, no matter how you measure that risk. One of the threats facing our lakes is the potential entry of invasive species, the most pressing of which, at this time, is the threat of Asian carp enter-ing the Great Lakes. Asian carp have no natural predators in the lakes, meaning once they enter the Great Lakes, there is no way to stop their spread. Their unrestrained growth would disrupt the entire eco-system. In addition to the damage to native wildlife in the lakes, the introduction of Asian carp would damage several multibillion-dollar industries, includ-ing the fishing and boating industries which support countless jobs in my 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00161 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.247 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6462 July 26, 2017 
home State of Michigan and the Great Lakes. Given the threat imposed by invasive species, the Army Corps of Engineers has been studying the best way to pre-vent introduction of the Asian carp into the Great Lakes Basin. Their study, the Brandon Road Study, was initially slated to be released on Feb-ruary 28 but has been delayed until fur-ther notice. Delaying this study impedes the abil-ity of all interested parties to develop a long-term strategy to thwart this threat. The continued delays create a great risk, yet no reason for delaying that release has been provided. In late June, a live Asian carp was caught in the Illinois waterway about 2 miles below the T.J. O’Brien Lock and Dam, 9 miles from Lake Michigan. This is the first time an Asian carp has been discovered in such close proximity to our lakes. Though further study is necessary to determine how this carp entered the area, it is an alarming warning that the window is quickly closing to pre-vent large-scale devastation to the Great Lakes’ ecosystem. The best way to mitigate the damage of Asian carp in our lakes is to stop it from happening altogether. For several months, members of the Great Lakes Task Force have requested the release of the Brandon Road Study, to no avail. I stand here today to again call on the Army Corps to release the study, which we have already paid for and they have conducted. My amendment would prevent the Corps from using any more money—our money—to delay the release of the study. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment for the sake of the Great Lakes and for the well- being of our entire region. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, although I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Ohio? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of this amendment of-fered by my friends, Mr. M
ITCHELL and Mr. H
UIZENGA and, I have no doubt, many fellow travelers from the Great Lakes delegation on both sides of the aisle. I find it somewhat unusual that it is the last amendment this evening after midnight. I wish it had come up about 6 o’clock on the evening news. This is an issue we know well, as Mr. H
UIZENGA , Mr. M ITCHELL , and certainly our chairman, Mr. S
IMPSON , has heard a great deal about this now, and our ranking members on the full com-mittee as well. We introduced a bill last month with the same ultimate effect of preventing the spread of Asian carp into the Great Lakes. The Great Lakes represent a $7 billion fishery, deeply threatened by these critters, Asian carp, that shouldn’t even be in this country but began their movement up the Mis-sissippi River when they were brought in to do bottom cleaning in Mississippi in the special fish tanks that were set up down there many years ago as bot-tom feeders. There was some type of storm and they hopped out. The walls were breached, and they began their journey up the Mississippi until now. They are within just a few miles of Lake Michigan. Just a few weeks ago, a 28-inch Asian carp was caught beyond the protective barriers, which is a temporary solu-tion, only 9 miles from Lake Michigan. Yet, even in this time of greatest dan-ger, the Brandon Road Study, which Congressman MITCHELL outlined, which merely identifies options for pre-venting Asian carp from reaching the Great Lakes, has not been released by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. This amendment would prevent the administration from expending any more funds to further delay the release of this study for public comment. My colleagues should know that this study is already completed. After working on it for years at a cost of nearly $7 million, it now sits on a shelf at the Corps, and they are unwilling to release it for reasons we do not under-stand. Asian carp represent a serious eco-nomic and environmental threat to the entire Great Lakes. These mean crit-ters are voracious eaters. They destroy native species and overwhelm their new ecosystems. They have gotten into the Ohio River, and they have gotten into rivers near Peoria. They eat up ev-erything in their sight. They com-pletely upend native ecosystems, and it is truly terrifying what they will do to our lakes, as you can see in this photo-graph. They are prolific, they are large, and they are predatory. We should be aggressively pursuing action to prevent the spread of the Asian carp to the Great Lakes, yet the roadmap to getting there is locked in bureaucratic purgatory. Finally, I would like to point out that this is not a partisan issue. Our substantively similar bill has 15 Repub-lican and 16 Democratic cosponsors, who represent the vast majority of the Great Lakes coastline. In these hyperpartisan times, our constituents are united in their love for the Great Lakes, their desire to protect them, and their understanding of how vital they are to the future of this country and continent. Mr. Chairman, I urge support for this amendment from all of my colleagues in order to save the national treasures that are the Great Lakes. Mr. Chairman, I thank Congressman M
ITCHELL and Congressman H UIZENGA  for taking the lead this evening from the great Wolverine State—and we Buckeyes don’t often say that, do we— for embracing what is truly important to all of us, and I urge my colleagues to support the Mitchell-Huizenga amend-ment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN , I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, while I would like to support this amendment, unfortunately, I can’t. But, believe me, I understand and have learned from Ms. K
APTUR and the members of the Great Lakes States when I was chairman of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee. And now she sits on the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee with me, and they have all come and talked to me about this problem. This, unfortunately, pits kind of one State against another, and what I am trying to do is find a solution to this, because I happen to agree with these individuals that it seems rather silly that we go out and ask for a report to be done and then can’t seem to get it released—not only the final report, we can’t even get a draft report released that will go out for comment. That doesn’t make any sense to me. b0020 But I know that there are Members who also have concerns about that, but that is, frankly, why you release a draft report, so that you can get the comments. During full committee consideration on the Energy and Water bill, we dis-cussed a similar amendment that was offered by Ms. K
APTUR , my ranking member, Mr. J
OYCE , and Mr. M
OOLENAAR ; and I committed to them at the time that I would work with all interested parties and Members to try to move these efforts forward, and I am happy to reiterate that commitment now. What I am asking is if the gentleman will withdraw the amendment, give me a chance, and I commit to try to get this report out, because I think it needs to get done, and I think, to-gether, we can convince the Army Corps and maybe the administration that it needs to get done. So that would be my request. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Chair, in def-erence to Mr. S
IMPSON , I will work with him and others in the Great Lakes Leg-islative Caucus to see if we can’t move forward on this issue. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time, and I withdraw my amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00162 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.253 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6463 July 26, 2017 
MITCHELL ) having assumed the chair, Mr. P
ERRY , Acting Chair of the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 3219) making appropria-tions for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 12 o’clock and 22 minutes a.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until today, Thurs-day, July 27, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morn-ing-hour debate. 
h 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel pursuant to Public Law 95–384 are as follows: REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Mark Sanford .................................................. 5 /11 5 /14 Greenland ....................................... ...... .................... 718.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 718.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 718.00 .................... .................... .................... .................. .. .................... 718.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. DIANE BLACK, Chairman, July 13, 2017. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE, SPACE, AND TECHNOLOGY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPE NDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Barbara Comstock .......................................... 4 /7 4 /10 Egypt ................................................ ..... .................... 660.77 .................... 7,679.14 .................... .................... .................... 8,339. 91 4 /10 4 /10 Lebanon ................................................ .................... .................... .................... 416.08 .................... .................... .................... 416.08 4 /11 4 /13 Jordan ................................................... .................... 826.03 .................... 5,915.14 .. .................. .................... .................... 6,741.17 Hon. Lamar Smith ................................................... 5 /11 5 /14 Greenland ....................................... ...... .................... 743.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 743.00 Hon. Frank Lucas .................................................... 5 /11 5 /14 Greenland ...................................... ....... .................... 743.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 743.00 Hon. Brian Babin ..................................................... 5 /11 5 /14 Greenland ..................................... ........ .................... 743.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 743.00 Hon. Neal Dunn ....................................................... 5 /11 5 /14 Greenland ..................................... ........ .................... 743.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 743.00 Hon. Ami Bera ......................................................... 5 /11 5 /14 Greenland .................................... ......... .................... 718.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 718.00 Hon. Jerry McNerney ................................................ 5 /11 5 /14 Greenland ....................................... ...... .................... 718.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 718.00 Ashley Smith ............................................................ 5 /11 5 /14 Greenland .................................. ........... .................... 718.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 718.00 Cliff Shannon .......................................................... 5 /11 5 /14 Greenland ................................... .......... .................... 718.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 718.00 Joseph Brazauskas .................................................. 5 /11 5 /14 Greenland ....................................... ...... .................... 718.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 718.00 Jennifer Wickre ........................................................ 5 /11 5 /14 Greenland ................................... .......... .................... 718.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 718.00 Ashlee Vinyard ......................................................... 5 /11 5 /14 Greenland ................................... .......... .................... 718.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 718.00 Rebekah Eskandani ................................................. 5 /11 5 /14 Greenland ........................................ ..... .................... 718.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 718.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 10,202.80 .................... 14,010.36 .................... .................... ..... ............... 24,213.16 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. LAMAR SMITH, Chairman, July 13, 2017. h 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
2086. A letter from the Acting Adminis-trator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Spe-cialty Crops Program, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s affir-mation of interim rule as final rule — Sweet Onions Grown in the Walla Walla Valley of Southeast Washington and Northeast Or-egon; Decreased Assessment Rate [Docket No.: AMS-SC-16-0116; SC17-956-1 FIR] re-ceived July 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 2087. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-retary for Acquisition, Technology, and Lo-gistics, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s Selected Acquisition Re-port for the Army Major Defense Acquisition Programs; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 2088. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report entitled ‘‘Premarket Approval of Pe-diatric Uses of Devices — FY 2015’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2089. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Incorporation by Reference of American Society of Mechanical Engineers Codes and Code Cases [NRC-2011-0088] (RIN: 3150-AI97) received July 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 2090. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s revision 4 of RG 1.20 rule — Comprehensive Vibration Assessment Program for Reactor Internals During Preoperational and Startup Testing [Regulatory Guide 1.20] received July 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2091. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s regulatory guide withdrawal — Evaluation of Shipper-Receiver Differences in the Transfer of Special Nuclear Material (Regulatory Guide 5.28, Revision 0); Internal Transfers of Special Nuclear Material (Regulatory Guide 5.49, Revision 0); Shipping and Receiving Control of Strategic Special Nuclear Mate-rial (Regulatory Guide 5.57, Revision 1) re-ceived July 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2092. A letter from the Chief Executive Of-ficer, U.S. Anti-Doping Agency, transmitting the Agency’s 2016 Annual Report, pursuant to 21 U.S.C. 2002(b); Public Law 109-469, Sec. 702(b); (120 Stat. 3534); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2093. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to terrorists who threat-en to disrupt the Middle East peace process that was declared in Executive Order 12947 of January 23, 1995, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 2094. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-016, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) and 36(d) of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:56 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00163 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.256 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6464 July 26, 2017 
Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 2095. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-134, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 2096. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-042, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 2097. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-020, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 2098. A letter from the Acting Chairman, National Transportation Safety Board, transmitting the Board’s FY 2017 inventory of commercial and inherently governmental activities performed, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 501 note; Public Law 105-270, Sec. 2(c)(1)(A); (112 Stat. 2382); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 2099. A letter from the Chief, Legal, Exter-nal Affairs and Performance Branch, Office of Government Ethics, transmitting a notice of a designation of acting officer, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 2100. A letter from the Chief, Regulatory Coordination Division, Office of Policy and Strategy, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary rule — Exercise of Time-Limited Authority to Increase the Fiscal Year 2017 Numerical Limitation for the H-2B Temporary Non-agricultural Worker Program [CIS No.: 2605- 17; DHS Docket No.: USCIS-2017-0004] (RIN: 1615-AC12) received July 19, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 2101. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Severn River, Sherwood Forest, MD [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0468] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received July 19, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 2102. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Navigation and Navigable Waters, and Shipping; Technical, Organiza-tional, and Conforming Amendments [Dock-et No.: USCG-2016-0498] received July 19, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 2103. A letter from the Chief, Trade and Commercial Regulations Branch, U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Technical Correc-tions to U.S. Customs and Border Protection Regulations [CBP Dec. 17-08] received July 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 2104. A letter from the Board Members, Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance and Federal Disability Insurance Trust Funds, transmitting the 2017 Annual Report of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance and the Federal Dis-ability Insurance Trust Funds, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 910(a); Aug. 14, 1935, ch. 531, title VII, Sec. 709 (as added by Public Law 98-21, Sec. 143); (97 Stat. 102); to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 2937. A bill to amend the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to authorize partnerships between States and nongovernmental entities for the purpose of reclaiming and restoring land and water resources adversely affected by coal mining activities before August 3, 1977, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–260). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Committee on Rules. House Resolution 478. Resolution providing for further consideration of the bill (H.R. 3219) making appropriations for the Depart-ment of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules (Rept. 115–261). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. ELLISON: H.R. 3399. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow a deduction for in-terest and taxes relating to land used for dwelling purposes owned or leased by cooper-ative housing corporations; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BISHOP of Utah: H.R. 3400. A bill to promote innovative ap-proaches to outdoor recreation on Federal land and to open up opportunities for col-laboration with non-Federal partners, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Agriculture, Transportation and Infrastructure, Energy and Commerce, and Armed Services, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY (for herself and Mr. P
ALLONE ): H.R. 3401. A bill to amend chapter 301 of subtitle VI of title 49, United States Code, to update or provide new motor vehicle safety standards for highly automated vehicles, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mr. POLIQUIN (for himself, Mr. S
CHRADER , Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. K
IND, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. R
OKITA , Mr. M ESSER , and Mr. V
ALADAO ): H.R. 3402. A bill to amend the fresh fruit and vegetable program under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to in-clude canned, dried, frozen, or pureed fruits and vegetables; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Mr. BROWN of Maryland (for him-self, Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , and Mr. W
ITTMAN ): H.R. 3403. A bill to provide for an inter-agency cyber victim coordinator to respond to data breaches and other cyber attacks on Federal employees; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. CA´RDENAS: H.R. 3404. A bill to provide for the estab-lishment in the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration of a Highly Auto-mated Vehicle Advisory Council; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California (for herself and Ms. MATSUI ): H.R. 3405. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to expand the exemption from the motor vehicle safety standards for test-ing or evaluation purposes to cover manufac-turers of highly automated vehicles and automated driving system components, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mr. UPTON (for himself and Mrs. D
INGELL ): H.R. 3406. A bill to amend section 30113 of title 49, United States Code, to increase the annual number of vehicles that may be ex-empted for the development of new vehicle safety features, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. KINZINGER (for himself and Ms. C
LARKE of New York): H.R. 3407. A bill to amend chapter 301 of subtitle VI of title 49, United States Code, to require a cybersecurity plan for highly auto-mated vehicles, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. LANCE (for himself and Mrs. D
INGELL ): H.R. 3408. A bill to amend section 30113 of title 49, United States Code to establish new exemptions for motor vehicle safety stand-ards, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. BLACKBURN (for herself, Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah, Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, and Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas): H.R. 3409. A bill to amend the Federal Trade Commission Act to prohibit pyramid promotional schemes and to ensure that compensation is not based upon recruitment of participants into a plan or operation, but on sales to individuals who use and consume the products or services sold, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. JACKSON LEE (for herself, Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. M OORE , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. R
USH, Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. B ASS, Ms. S E-
WELL of Alabama, Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, and Mr. R
ICHMOND ): H.R. 3410. A bill to enhance public health and safety by improving the effectiveness and efficiency of the Federal prison system for incarcerated pregnant women and moth-ers by establishing a pilot program of crit-ical-stage, developmental nurseries in Fed-eral prisons for children born to inmates, with risk and needs assessments, and risk and recidivism reduction; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania (for himself and Mrs. D
INGELL ): H.R. 3411. A bill to establish in the Na-tional Highway Traffic Safety Administra-tion an Automated Driving System Cyberse-curity Advisory Council to make rec-ommendations regarding cybersecurity for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00164 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L26JY7.000 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6465 July 26, 2017 
the testing, deployment, and updating of automated driving systems; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. MULLIN: H.R. 3412. A bill to amend section 30103 of title 49, United States Code, to establish sole authority for the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration over the regulation of highly automated vehicles, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself and Mrs. D
INGELL ): H.R. 3413. A bill to establish in the Na-tional Highway Traffic Safety Administra-tion an Advisory Council on Improving Mo-bility Access for Underserved Populations and Senior Citizens; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. HARPER (for himself and Mrs. D
INGELL ): H.R. 3414. A bill to establish in the Na-tional Highway Traffic Safety Administra-tion a Disability Mobility Advisory Council to make recommendations regarding advanc-ing mobility access for the disabled commu-nity with respect to the deployment of auto-mated driving systems; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself and Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York): H.R. 3415. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure appropriate care for victims of sexual assault, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. M
CKINLEY (for himself and Mr. W
ELCH ): H.R. 3416. A bill to establish in the Na-tional Highway Traffic Safety Administra-tion a Rural and Mountainous Advisory Council to make recommendations regarding the testing and deployment of highly auto-mated vehicles and automated driving sys-tems in areas that are rural, remote, moun-tainous, insular, or unmapped; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H.R. 3417. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Health and Human Services to carry out a pilot program to improve community-based care infrastructure; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mrs. LAWRENCE (for herself, Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, Ms. B ASS, Mr. L
ANGEVIN , and Ms. M OORE ): H.R. 3418. A bill to require States to inform children in foster care under the responsi-bility of the State who have attained 14 years of age of all government programs under which the child may be eligible for fi-nancial assistance for expenses related to higher education; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BIGGS (for himself, Mr. G
OH-
MERT , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, and Mr. J
ONES ): H.R. 3419. A bill to repeal the Department of Agriculture bioenergy subsidy programs and other related subsidy programs; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, and Science, Space, and Tech-nology, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BLUMENAUER (for himself and Mr. CICILLINE ): H.R. 3420. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for carbon diox-ide and other greenhouse gas emission fees, reduce the rate of the corporate income tax, provide tax credits to workers, deliver addi-tional benefits to retired and disabled Amer-icans, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Transportation and In-frastructure, Veterans’ Affairs, Energy and Commerce, and Education and the Work-force, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BUCSHON (for himself and Mr. W
ELCH ): H.R. 3421. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Transportation to establish a database of ex-emptions for motor vehicles from the Fed-eral motor vehicle safety standards, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CARSON of Indiana (for himself and Ms. S
TEFANIK ): H.R. 3422. A bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to au-thorize an interstate teaching application program; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. DELANEY (for himself, Mr. C
OLE, Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. T ROTT ): H.R. 3423. A bill to establish the Commis-sion on Long Term Social Security Solvency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Rules, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. D
ELAURO (for herself, Mr. L
EVIN, and Mr. D OGGETT ): H.R. 3424. A bill to prohibit the award of Federal Government contracts to inverted domestic corporations, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. D
ESANTIS (for himself, Mr. C
OOK, Mr. D IAZ-BALART , Mr. S ES-
SIONS , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. R
OSS, Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. Z
ELDIN , Mr. M OONEY of West Vir-ginia, Mr. K
INGof Iowa, Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida, Mr. R
UTHERFORD , Mr. B ISHOP of Michi-gan, Mr. G
ARRETT , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , and Mr. P
OSEY ): H.R. 3425. A bill to amend the Comprehen-sive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Di-vestment Act of 2010 to secure the authority of State and local governments to adopt and enforce measures restricting investment in business enterprises in Iran, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mrs. DINGELL (for herself, Mr. K
IL-
MER, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. K
APTUR , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. M
ATSUI , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and Miss R
ICEof New York): H.R. 3426. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to remove the exclusion of Medicare coverage for hearing aids and ex-aminations therefor, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Penn-sylvania (for himself, Mr. YODER , and Ms. L
OFGREN ): H.R. 3427. A bill to provide for Federal agencies to develop public access policies re-lating to research conducted by employees of that agency or from funds administered by that agency; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. EMMER (for himself and Mr. D
EFAZIO): H.R. 3428. A bill to establish a website for Federal Government apps, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas (for him-self, Mr. O’R
OURKE , and Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska): H.R. 3429. A bill to prohibit the removal from the United States of certain veterans, to expedite their naturalization, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, and Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. GUTHRIE: H.R. 3430. A bill to establish in the Na-tional Highway Traffic Safety Administra-tion a Highly Automated Vehicle Informa-tion Sharing Advisory Council to make rec-ommendations regarding the development of a framework that allows manufacturers of highly automated vehicles to share informa-tion related to testing or deployment events on public streets; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana (for him-self, Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana, and Mr. A
BRAHAM ): H.R. 3431. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow the volumetric ex-cise tax credit for liquid fuel derived from natural gas through the Fischer-Tropsch process; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 3432. A bill to amend title II of the So-cial Security Act relating to the reimburse-ment of travel expenses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. KELLY of Illinois (for herself and Mr. B
OST): H.R. 3433. A bill to amend the Agricultural Act of 2014 to increase the number of base acres upon which agricultural producers are authorized to grow fruits and vegetables without a resulting reduction in payment acres on their farm when the resulting produce is used to help alleviate a food desert, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. By Mr. LEVIN (for himself, Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. S
CHIFF , and Mr. R ASKIN ): H.R. 3434. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to modify the rules relat-ing to inverted corporations; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. LOWEY (for herself and Mr. G
ARAMENDI ): H.R. 3435. A bill to prohibit the transpor-tation of certain volatile crude oil by rail; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Ms. M
CSALLY (for herself, Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , and Ms. S INEMA ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00165 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L26JY7.100 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6466 July 26, 2017 
H.R. 3436. A bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to prepare a southwest border threat analysis, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity. By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 3437. A bill to prevent States from counting certain expenditures as State spending to reduce TANF work require-ments; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 3438. A bill to increase the employ-ment, job retention, and earnings of former TANF recipients; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. PITTENGER: H.R. 3439. A bill to facilitate better infor-mation sharing to assist in the fight against the funding of terrorist activities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. By Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD (for herself and Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ): H.R. 3440. A bill to authorize the cancella-tion of removal and adjustment of status of certain individuals who are long-term United States residents and who entered the United States as children and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. MESSER (for himself, Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. H ARPER , and Mr. J ODY B. H
ICEof Georgia): H. Con. Res. 73. Concurrent resolution ef-fectuating the Compact for a Balanced Budg-et; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. NAPOLITANO (for herself, Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. K IHUEN , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. G
OMEZ , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. R
UIZ, Mr. C ORREA , and Mrs. T
ORRES ): H. Res. 476. A resolution supporting the in-clusion and meaningful engagement of Latinos in environmental protection and conservation efforts; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. GAETZ (for himself, Mr. J
OR-
DAN, Mr. B IGGS, Mr. J OHNSON of Lou-isiana, Mr. G
OHMERT , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. K
INGof Iowa, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. R
UTHERFORD , Mr. F RANKS of Ari-zona, Mr. P
OEof Texas, Mr. M EAD-
OWS, Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. B
LUM, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. J
ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. B
RAT, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. H
ARRIS , Mr. M OONEY of West Vir-ginia, Mr. M
CKINLEY , Mr. G OSAR , and Mr. A
MODEI ): H. Res. 477. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that a special counsel should be appointed by the Attorney General or his designee to inves-tigate misconduct by former Attorney Gen-eral Loretta Lynch and former Federal Bu-reau of Investigation Director James B. Comey with regard to the investigation of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton for mishandling of classified data and use of an unauthorized email server; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
95. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the State of New Jersey, relative to Assembly Resolution No. 138, con-demning the immigration Executive Order and firing of the Acting Attorney General; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. f CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. ELLISON: H.R. 3399. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to Article I, Section 7, Clause 1 and Section 8, Clause 1. By Mr. BISHOP of Utah: H.R. 3400. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, clause 2 and Article I, Section 8, clause 18 By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H.R. 3401. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. POLIQUIN: H.R. 3402. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 empowers Congress to ‘‘regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ By Mr. BROWN of Maryland: H.R. 3403. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Necessary and Proper Clause (Art. 1, Sec. 8, Cl. 18) By Mr. CA´RDENAS: H.R. 3404. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes By Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California: H.R. 3405. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to regu-late Commerce . . . among the several States . . .’’ By Mr. UPTON: H.R. 3406. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, To Regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. KINZINGER: H.R. 3407. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, granting au-thority to regulate interstate commerce By Mr. LANCE: H.R. 3408. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 To regulate commerce with foreign na-tions, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes; By Mrs. BLACKBURN: H.R. 3409. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Nec-essary and Proper Clause By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 3410. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania: H.R. 3411. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Mr. MULLIN: H.R. 3412. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. BILIRAKIS: H.R. 3413. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 (which states that ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States’’) and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 (which states that the Congress shall have the Power ‘‘To regulate Commerce with for-eign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes’’) of the Constitu-tion of the United States. By Mr. HARPER: H.R. 3414. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 3415. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution which states that Congress has the power ‘‘to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Exe-cution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. McKINLEY: H.R. 3416. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H.R. 3417. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; By Mrs. LAWRENCE: H.R. 3418. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government ofthe United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00166 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L26JY7.100 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6467 July 26, 2017 
By Mr. BIGGS: H.R. 3419. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. BLUMENAUER: H.R. 3420. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. BUCSHON: H.R. 3421. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. CARSON of Indiana: H.R. 3422. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution. By Mr. DELANEY: H.R. 3423. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Consitution By Ms. D
ELAURO: H.R. 3424. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 3 of the United States Constitution By Mr. D
ESANTIS: H.R. 3425. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department Officer thereof. By Mrs. DINGELL: H.R. 3426. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section VIII By Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Penn-sylvania: H.R. 3427. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have the power to regu-late commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with Indian tribes. Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have the power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all of the Power vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United Sates, or in any Department of Offi-cer thereof. By Mr. EMMER: H.R. 3428. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes By Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas: H.R. 3429. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution; Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the U.S. Constitution; Article I, Section 8, Clause 11 of the U.S. Constitution; Article I, Section 8, Clause 12, of the U.S. Constitu-tion; Article I, Section 8, Clause 13, of the U.S. Constitution; Article I, Section 8, Clause 14, of the U.S. Constitution; Article I, Section 8, Clause 15, of the U.S. Constitu-tion; Article I, Section 8, Clause 16 of the U.S. Constitution; and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. GUTHRIE: H.R. 3430. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress shall have power . . . To reg-ulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the In-dian tribes By Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana: H.R. 3431. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Const. Art. I sec. 8 cl. 18. By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 3432. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Con-stitution, to ‘‘provide for the common de-fense and general welfare of the United States.’’ By Ms. KELLY of Illinois: H.R. 3433. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: US Const. Art. I, Sec. 8, Cl. 3 (‘‘The Con-gress shall have Power To regulate Com-merce with foreign Nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes[.]’’) (This bill would amend federal crop insur-ance law to incentivize farmers to grow more fruits and vegetables—thereby altering the supply of crops, and therefore food prices) (Cf. Wickard v. Filburn). US Const. Preamble; Art 1., Sec. 8, Cl. 18 ([T]o . . . promote the general Welfare . . . The Congress shall have Power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers.’’) (This bill promotes the general welfare of the United States by expanding access to fresh produce in underserved com-munities, while promoting crop diversity and therefore farmer income). By Mr. LEVIN: H.R. 3434. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mrs. LOWEY: H.R. 3435. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I By Ms. M
CSALLY: H.R. 3436. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1—The Con-gress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be unifrom throughout the United States. Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18—To make Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Power, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 3437. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 3438. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. PITTENGER: H.R. 3439. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to the Commerce Clause, Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. By Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD: H.R. 3440. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 19: Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. L
OBIONDO , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. P
EARCE , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , and Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 38: Mr. I
SSA. H.R. 44: Mr. W
ESTERMAN . H.R. 233: Ms. T
SONGAS . H.R. 299: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl- vania, Ms. S
PEIER , and Mrs. M CMORRIS ROD-
GERS . H.R. 360: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 449: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 490: Mr. H
ILL. H.R. 502: Mr. S
HERMAN , Mr. P AYNE , and Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 525: Mr. S
ANFORD . H.R. 620: Mr. C
UELLAR and Mr. R USSELL . H.R. 631: Mr. L
ONG, Mr. R OSS, and Mr. W
ITTMAN . H.R. 671: Mr. P
AYNE . H.R. 719: Mr. M
EADOWS and Mr. L AMBORN . H.R. 772: Mr. S
HIMKUS . H.R. 788: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York and Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H.R. 818: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 820: Mr. R
OYCE of California, Mr. C
RIST, Mr. K USTOFF of Tennessee, and Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 849: Mr. L
UCAS . H.R. 866: Ms. N
ORTON and Ms. B ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 873: Mr. E
VANS and Mrs. B EATTY . H.R. 909: Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 931: Mr. C
ALVERT . H.R. 959: Ms. S
LAUGHTER and Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 1057: Mr. M
CNERNEY , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, and Mr. B
OST. H.R. 1098: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 1144: Ms. G
ABBARD . H.R. 1164: Mrs. N
OEM, Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. L
ONG, Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, and Mr. A
MODEI . H.R. 1171: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 1189: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1200: Mr. M
EEHAN . H.R. 1212: Mr. G
UTHRIE . H.R. 1276: Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 1291: Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H.R. 1318: Mr. L
ANCE . H.R. 1341: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 1361: Mr. T
ONKO . H.R. 1406: Mr. P
ALLONE . H.R. 1432: Mr. C
ONYERS . H.R. 1450: Mr. R
OSKAM . H.R. 1528: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico, Mr. A
MODEI , and Ms. M CCOLLUM . H.R. 1606: Mr. K
INGof Iowa and Mr. O LSON . H.R. 1626: Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 1673: Mr. J
EFFRIES . H.R. 1686: Mr. C
ORREA . H.R. 1762: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 1776: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 1796: Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mrs. R OBY, and Mr. K
HANNA . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00167 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.089 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6468 July 26, 2017 
H.R. 1825: Mr. F LORES . H.R. 1861: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 1864: Mr. R
ENACCI . H.R. 1910: Mr. M
CHENRY . H.R. 1951: Mr. S
CHNEIDER . H.R. 2000: Mr. C
ONYERS . H.R. 2001: Mr. C
ONYERS . H.R. 2029: Mr. W
ENSTRUP , Mr. B ERGMAN , Mr. L
AMALFA , and Mr. Y OHO. H.R. 2061: Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. S
CHNEIDER , Mr. D ONOVAN , and Mr. R
OYCE of California. H.R. 2069: Mr. R
ASKIN and Mr. B ACON . H.R. 2118: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 2133: Mr. A
RRINGTON and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 2173: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 2205: Mr. B
ACON . H.R. 2285: Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 2299: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida and Mr. H
UNTER . H.R. 2319: Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 2327: Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Ms. D ELBENE, and Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 2408: Mr. K
INZINGER , Mr. R OYCE of California, Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. J UDY C
HUof California, Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. D ONOVAN , Ms. T
SONGAS , and Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 2418: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 2432: Mr. L
AMBORN . H.R. 2482: Mr. S
WALWELL of California and Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 2585: Ms. G
ABBARD . H.R. 2603: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 2644: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 2651: Mr. B
YRNE , Ms. E STY of Con- necticut, and Mr. K
ATKO . H.R. 2663: Mr. F
LORES . H.R. 2666: Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN . H.R. 2669: Mr. C
OOPER and Mr. K ENNEDY . H.R. 2715: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 2723: Mr. C
HABOT . H.R. 2732: Mr. C
ONNOLLY and Mr. Z ELDIN . H.R. 2740: Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah, Mr. C URBELO  of Florida, Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, and Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida. H.R. 2741: Mr. B
UDD. H.R. 2803: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire and Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 2821: Mr. P
AULSEN . H.R. 2851: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2852: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 2856: Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. V
EASEY , and Mr. B ROWN of Maryland. H.R. 2876: Mr. R
YANof Ohio, Mrs. B EATTY , Mrs. D
INGELL , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Ms. SPEIER , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania, Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. S
OTO, Mr. M OULTON , Mr. C ORREA , Mr. C UM-
MINGS , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. C OOPER , and Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 2925: Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 2926: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 2957: Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. V
ELA, Mr. S TEWART , and Mr. H UFFMAN . H.R. 2960: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 2968: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 2989: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 2991: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. T HOMPSON  of Pennsylvania, Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsyl- vania, Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. R
OTHFUS . H.R. 2996: Mr. R
ICEof South Carolina, Mr. A
LLEN , and Mr. M EADOWS . H.R. 3048: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 3053: Mr. R
OHRABACHER , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. L
AHOOD, Mr. H ILL, and Mr. C OURTNEY . H.R. 3067: Mr. W
OODALL . H.R. 3071: Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 3082: Ms. B
ORDALLO . H.R. 3117: Mr. A
BRAHAM . H.R. 3131: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 3212: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 3214: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 3215: Mr. V
ELA, Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 3222: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 3227: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 3236: Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 3239: Mr. C
OSTA and Ms. G ABBARD . H.R. 3248: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 3258: Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of Cali- fornia, Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. C ORREA , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Ms. T
ITUS, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. E NGEL , and Ms. S
PEIER . H.R. 3274: Mr. M
ACARTHUR , Ms. E DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. C LYBURN , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. R OHR-
ABACHER , Mr. L AMBORN , Ms. J ENKINS of Kan- sas, Mr. C
LAY, Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. V
ALADAO , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. C OL-
LINS of New York, and Mr. B RENDAN F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3282: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER , Ms. J ENKINS  of Kansas, Mr. R
OKITA , Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. M
ARCHANT , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. T HOMP -
SONof Pennsylvania, and Mr. S MITH of Mis- souri. H.R. 3296: Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 3312: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama, Mr. H
ASTINGS , and Mr. P EARCE . H.R. 3314: Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Ms. L
EE. H.R. 3323: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 3327: Mr. L
OBIONDO . H.R. 3329: Mr. R
OSKAM , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Ms. H
ANABUSA , and Mr. M URPHY of Pennsyl- vania. H.R. 3332: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. S MITH of Ne- braska, Mrs. N
OEM, Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. R
EED, Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. N
UNES , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. B
RADY of Texas, Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. R
EICHERT , Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. R
OSKAM , Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. R
ENACCI , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. K
INZINGER , Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. R
OUZER , Mr. B ERGMAN , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. H
URD, Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. S TEWART , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. W
ENSTRUP , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. O LSON , Mr. L
UCAS , Mr. L AHOOD, Mr. B ACON , and Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana. H.R. 3359: Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 3361: Mr. F
OSTER . H.R. 3380: Mr. S
IRES, Mr. M EEKS , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. K HANNA , and Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 3394: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico, Mr. V
ARGAS , and Mr. G RIJALVA . H.J. Res. 1: Mr. F
LORES , Mr. K INGof Iowa, and Mr. C
HABOT . H.J. Res. 2: Mr. F
LORES , Mr. K INGof Iowa, and Mr. C
HABOT . H.J. Res. 51: Mr. L
UCAS . H. Con. Res. 10: Mr. P
ASCRELL . H. Con. Res. 13: Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH . H. Res. 30: Mr. M
CCAUL. H. Res. 129: Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. M ESSER , and Mrs. B
EATTY . H. Res. 201: Mrs. L
OWEY and Mr. P OEof Texas. H. Res. 259: Mr. B
UCSHON and Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. H. Res. 274: Mr. W
ITTMAN . H. Res. 279: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H. Res. 317: Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. R
OHRABACHER , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , and Mr. S
IMPSON . H. Res. 400: Mr. R
OSSand Mrs. M CMORRIS  R
ODGERS . H. Res. 401: Mr. C
ORREA and Ms. J AYAPAL . H. Res. 435: Mr. V
EASEY and Mrs. B EATTY . H. Res. 446: Ms. B
ASSand Mrs. L OWEY . H. Res. 456: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi. H. Res. 474: Mr. C
ONYERS . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:52 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00168 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.076 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSKBC4BHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4227 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JULY 26, 2017 No. 126 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable R
AND P
AUL, a Senator from the Common-wealth of Kentucky. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Beautiful Savior, You have been our dwelling place in all generations, and we are sustained by Your steadfast love. Today, surround our Senators with the shield of Your favor, as they labor to keep our Nation strong. Lord, teach them to be obedient to Your commands, doing Your good will as Your presence fills them with joy. May they be quick to listen, slow to speak, and slow to anger. Manifest Your power throughout their labors, so that this Nation will be exalted by righteousness. May Your angels guard us in all our ways. We pray in Your mighty Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The legislative clerk read the fol-lowing letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, July 26, 2017. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable RANDPAUL, a Senator from the Commonwealth of Kentucky, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. PAUL thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
HEALTHCARE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, the Senate took a critical step yesterday afternoon to finally leave the failed ex-periment of ObamaCare in the past. It marks an important moment for our country. It signals a positive develop-ment for the countless Americans who continue to suffer under ObamaCare’s skyrocketing costs and diminishing op-tions. I thank every colleague who voted to begin the debate. I thank the Presi-dent, his administration, and our friends in the House for the roles they have played. Now we have to keep working hard. We are determined to do everything we can to succeed. We know our constitu-ents are counting on us. We will work through an open amendment process. I know Members in both parties have healthcare ideas they would like to offer. If you have one, bring it to the floor. Last night the Senate considered a comprehensive ObamaCare repeal-and- replace substitute. That amendment was subject to a 60-vote threshold be-cause the Congressional Budget Office had not provided a score for that provi-sion as yet, but it represented a num-ber of important healthcare reform ideas developed by our Members. Later today, the Senate will vote on another alternative that is based on the ObamaCare repeal legislation that passed Congress in 2015 and was vetoed by President Obama. We will consider many different pro-posals throughout this process from Senators on both sides of the aisle. Ul-timately, we want to get legislation to finally end the failed ObamaCare sta-tus quo through Congress and to the President’s desk for his signature. This certainly will not be easy. Hard-ly anything in this process has been. We know that moving beyond the fail-ures of ObamaCare is the right thing to do. We have put a lot of hard work al-ready into this. We have had important successes, as we saw with the vote to proceed yesterday. We have to keep up the work now so we can get this done. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
AMERICAN HEALTH CARE ACT OF 2017 The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will resume consideration of H.R. 1628, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1628) to provide for reconcili-ation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017. 
Pending: 
McConnell amendment No. 267, of a per-fecting nature. Enzi (for P
AUL) amendment No. 271 (to amendment No. 267), of a perfecting nature. Donnelly motion to commit the bill to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report back with instructions. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.000 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4228 July 26, 2017 
time until 11:30 a.m. will be equally di-vided between the leaders or their des-ignees. Who yields time? If no one yields time, time will be charged equally to both sides. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The Democratic leader is recognized. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my speaking time be taken from leader time, not the debate time. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, as the Senate continues the debate on the Re-publican healthcare bill, it seems the Republican majority is no clearer on what the endgame is because there is no good way out of this. Last night, the Senate Republican TrumpCare bill—after months of back-room negotiating and provisions aimed at all kinds of individual States and Members—died, with nine Republicans voting against the measure and many others who voted for it gritting their teeth unhappily. Later today, we will vote on a bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act without replacing it. I know that you, Mr. President, have championed that bill. Based on public comments and public criticism from the other side of the aisle, repeal without replace will fail as well. It is becoming clearer that in the end, the majority leader might push a much scaled-back version of repeal in the hopes of passing something—a so- called skinny repeal—just to get to conference. My colleagues, make no mistake about it, skinny repeal is equal to full repeal. It is a Trojan horse, designed to get the House and Senate into conference where a hard- right flank of the House Republicans, the Freedom Caucus, will demand full repeal or something very close to it. They will demand all the things—deep cuts to Medicaid, generous tax breaks for the wealthy, elimination of pre-existing conditions, slashing the kinds of things people need for nursing homes and opioid treatment and disabled kids—that many of my Republican col-leagues in the Senate have very sin-cerely tried to undo. There is no such thing as skinny re-peal. It is a ruse to get to full repeal, with all the concomitant cuts to Med-icaid and tax breaks which are so un-popular and which so many of my Re-publican colleagues here on the other side have opposed. It is clear House and Senate Republicans are miles apart. They are divided on major issues—on Medicaid, tax breaks, and preexisting conditions. The differences between House Republicans and Senate Repub-licans are virtually irreconcilable. So what is the point of a conference? You can imagine a conference that turns into an endless game of hot po-tato; the Republican leader and the Senate passing the potato to the House; the Republican leader of the House passing the potato back to the Senate because neither wants to be re-sponsible for what is inevitable: the de-mise of TrumpCare. Of course, it is likely a conference could probably produce no agreement at all, keeping the incredibly toxic and unpopular TrumpCare bill the topic of conversa-tion for another 3 months, stalling the legislative agenda for another 3 months, and in the end getting nothing done. My Republican colleagues should consider that. Many of them want to work with us on so many issues. Above all, NDAA, which my dear friend J
OHN M
CCAIN, who we pray for every day, wants to get to right away, and the En-ergy bill, which my colleague from Washington and her chair, the senior Member from Alaska, could bring to the floor and get moving in a bipar-tisan way. Leader M
CCONNELL has made it clear he wants to move nomi-nations. If we stop playing this game with TrumpCare and send it back to com-mittee and do regular order, as J
OHN M
CCAINpreached so well yesterday, we could move on to all these other things in a good, strong bipartisan way and start to get things done. My Repub-lican colleagues should consider that carefully. We Democrats want to start working with our Republican colleagues on the issues I mentioned. We also want to work on improving ACA. No one has ever said ObamaCare was perfect. I have called five or six of my Repub-lican colleagues on the other side and said if we stop this effort with TrumpCare—with repeal or repeal and replace with something far worse than the present—we can go back to com-mittee and improve the present healthcare system and get premiums lower, make healthcare better, and sta-bilize the system so there is more com-petition. We will do that. My good friend the Senator from Wy-oming, not the Senator sitting here but his colleague—I heard he was saying to some Members: Oh, the Democrats will never negotiate. S
CHUMER will never negotiate. I saw him last night on the floor, and I assured him we will. That is our goal. He accepted that in good faith, which I very much respect. So the bottom line is simple. I say to my Republican colleagues, when you find yourself in a hole, the first rule is stop digging. By continuing this proc-ess—trying to send something, any-thing, to conference with the House— Republicans are just digging a deeper and deeper hole for themselves and for this body. I implore my Republican colleagues to stop digging and come work with Democrats. We can work to improve our Nation’s healthcare sys-tem, but Republicans have to turn back soon, and they are running out of chances. One more thing I would add. I heard my friend the Republican leader say we are going to have a full amendment process. He is trying to convince the folks on the other side that, oh, we will do a bunch of amendments, and then we will have no choice, we will have to send something to conference because we couldn’t get anything major done. That is a lot of bunk. We have had no hearings, we had no amendments, we had no bipartisan discussions, and we will not even be able to have debate on many amendments on one of the most major bills affecting us, that affects tens of millions of people’s health, and affects one-sixth of the economy. Don’t fall for this, oh, we are having a full process. I like my friend the Repub-lican leader. We get along well, but sometimes he says things that when I hear them, I get a little twinge in the stomach. We have a full and open amendment process, he said three or four times. Everyone in this Chamber knows that is not the case. Don’t be de-luded into thinking, well, we tried. We haven’t tried until we go back to reg-ular order. COMMENTS OF THE PRESIDENT ON ATTORNEY  
GENERAL SESSIONS  
Mr. President, on another matter, President Trump continues to find new ways to humiliate his own Attorney General, Jeff Sessions, a man who stuck his neck out for the President before any other Senator would. I heard President Trump say: I was al-ready popular. As I remember it, when Jeff Sessions supported him, he was an underdog, and everyone said: Wow, Jeff Sessions is doing that out of loyalty and friendship with Donald Trump, not because he was jumping on a train that was headed down the track. Maybe he saw that, but no one else did, and now the President humiliates him. I would say to my fellow Americans— Democratic, Republican, liberal, con-servative—every American should be troubled by the character of this per-son who humiliates and turns his back on a close friend after only 6 months. We are already far beyond the dangers of a chilling effect at the Department of Justice. The President is taking al-most every opportunity in public to demonstrate an open hostility toward the Attorney General. It seems clear the President’s intention is to make life unbearable for the Attorney Gen-eral, hoping to prompt his resignation. All Americans should be wondering why the President is publicly demean-ing and humiliating such a close friend and supporter—a member of his own Cabinet. They should wonder if the President is trying to pry open the of-fice of Attorney General to appoint someone during the August recess who will fire Special Counsel Mueller and shut down the Republican investiga-tion. Let me say, if such a situation arises, Democrats will use every tool in our toolbox to stymie such a recess ap-pointment. Second, I can’t imagine my friends on the Republican side, particularly my friends in the Republican leader-ship, the majority leader and Speaker R
YAN—I can’t imagine they would be complicit in creating a constitutional crisis. They must work with us and not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.001 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4229 July 26, 2017 
open the door to a constitutional crisis during the August recess. 
SANCTIONS BILL  
Mr. President, one final point be-cause I know my colleagues are wait-ing: sanctions—finally, a word on them. Yesterday, the House of Rep-resentatives passed nearly unani-mously, 419 to 3, a sanctions bill that was a product of bicameral, bipartisan negotiations and includes strong sanc-tions against Russia, Iran, and North Korea. The Senate must act quickly on the legislation from the House. I understand that earlier today the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee indicated he plans to strip out a section of this package that re-lates to North Korea. This is yet an-other delay generated by Republicans to prevent this bill from landing on the President’s desk before we leave for the recess. Even as we debate other items here on the floor, we shouldn’t delay this legislation any longer. I will work with the majority leader to schedule another vote on the sanc-tions bill so that we can send the legis-lation to the President’s desk before the recess, and I expect the vote will constitute a veto-proof majority, just like the vote in the House. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The Senator from Washington. 
EXPORT -IMPORT BANK  
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I saw the remarks of the President of the United States in Youngstown, OH, and it has brought me to the floor this morning because the focus of some of his speech was on the economy and job creation. Well, I can tell the President right now that we need his urgent at-tention to making sure that we create jobs right now. It is not about some-thing in the future; it is about right now. There are over 40 projects worth $30 billion being held up because the Ex-port-Import Bank does not have a quorum. It is incredibly important to get a functioning bank and to get a board that supports having the support of a credit agency to work with the pri-vate sector to finance the sale of U.S.- made products. The President seems to embrace the notion that we should make things in America. I think we should make things in America, but I don’t think that we sell them only in America. I actually want to sell the great manu-factured products of the United States of America to overseas markets, to the 95 percent of consumers who are out-side the United States. But because this administration has not shown the leadership to get a functioning Export- Import Bank, we continue to struggle. Those $30 billion in projects are being held up because we don’t have a func-tioning quorum. GE Aviation in Ohio—I wish he would have visited them because they decided to move part of their operations to Canada and Brazil, instead of expand-ing in Ohio, to take advantage of coun-tries that actually have a credit agen-cy. GE Aircraft Engines decided to open a turbine prop engine facility in Europe for the same reason. We are los-ing jobs simply because we don’t have a tool to work with private-sector banking to make sure that the sale of U.S.-manufactured products actually gets done to countries and organiza-tions in those countries that don’t have the proper financing. GE sup-posedly said that they weren’t going to move their corporate headquarters to Ohio because they did not support the reauthorization of the Export-Import Bank. Between 2012 and 2016, the Export-Im-port Bank supported more than 255 ex-port deals in Ohio from all sizes of companies, such as Haltec, which ex-ports auto parts, and Anglo American Hardwoods, which exports wood prod-ucts to the GE Aviation that I men-tioned and GE Aircraft Engines. These deals were worth more than $2 billion. What I am so frustrated about is that this administration has not kept its word in support of the Export-Import Bank. We continue today with the folly of having our Trade Ambassador show up before the Finance Committee and say that the Export-Import Bank is controversial. I reminded him that it was actually supported by a majority of Democrats and a majority of Repub-licans in the U.S. Senate. It was also supported by a majority of Republicans in the House of Representatives and the Democrats in the House of Rep-resentatives. So how could it be so con-troversial if we reauthorized it? But the White House has continued to have a double-edged strategy, pre-tend that they support the Export-Im-port Bank, and yet send up the name of a nominee to chair the bank who wants to destroy the bank and has made that intention clear. If we want jobs in Ohio, we need to get the Export-Import Bank approving deals from manufacturers that are ready to close sales and create more jobs, so let’s focus on the task at hand. I hope the President will stand up and clearly articulate the need and support for an Export-Import Bank and stop sending us the name of someone who just wants to destroy it. I thank the Presiding Officer. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. 
REQUESTS FOR AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO  
MEET  
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I have 12 re-quests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They do not have the approval of the Demo-cratic leader; therefore, they will not be permitted to meet past 11:30 this morning, but I ask unanimous consent that a list of committees requesting authority to meet be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, Committee on Environment and Public Works, Committee on Foreign Relations, Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, Committee on Indian Affairs, Committee on the Judiciary, Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Committee on Aging, Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining, Subcommittee on Africa and Global Healthy Policy, Subcommittee on Investigations. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I listened with a lot of interest to the Demo-cratic leader’s comments this morning and his proposal that there would be cooperation if we went to a system of putting it back through committees and doing that, but I have to say that we would have a lot more confidence in getting a solution if there were a single positive suggestion from the other side for a change. Until that happens, there isn’t much confidence on our side that the promise of bipartisanship is going to happen. They keep saying that it isn’t per-fect, but they don’t put forward ideas for any of the changes. We have been suggesting changes for several years, and we have been told each time that it just needed a little more time, that it was a perfect bill. Soon we will be trying to do a budg-et. It would be nice if we had some sug-gestions on budget items that were positive things. I put out that offer as well. The reason we are having this is that more than 7 years ago, President Obama and congressional Democrats imposed a risky, partisan healthcare experiment on America that ulti-mately led to skyrocketing healthcare costs and collapsing insurance markets for millions of Americans across the country. This riverboat gamble has caused a stark and dramatic outcome. Currently, there are projected to be 50 counties across the Nation that will not have a single insurer participating in the ObamaCare exchange. To add further insult, Americans seeking affordable coverage in these al-most 50 counties will still be fined under the ObamaCare mandate for not having health insurance. In other words, many Americans will either be forced to pay for insurance they cannot afford or pay a penalty for not having health insurance under this so-called Affordable Care Act, which they can’t even access. Where are these people supposed to go? What can we do to help? Again, we are looking for some positive suggestions. My colleagues on both sides of the aisle know that this healthcare experi-ment has failed and that we must work together to free Americans from these mandates and put healthcare decisions back in people’s control. Today, Senate Republicans are tak-ing an important step to rescue the millions of hard-working families trapped by ObamaCare’s taxes and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.003 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4230 July 26, 2017 
mandates. We are trying to repair the Nation’s broken healthcare system be-cause we now have a President in the White House who shares our commit-ment to improve America’s healthcare system and make better care available to all Americans. One of our top priorities in Congress has been to provide relief for hard- working Americans from ObamaCare, which has pushed insurance markets to the brink of collapse. In Wyoming and across the country, premiums for hard- working families are soaring while choices for patients have dwindled. As I travel across Wyoming, I have a lot of people who tell me that their health in-surance costs more than their mort-gage and, if they ever need healthcare, they have a deductible that is bigger than that. Simply put, ObamaCare stumbled out of the starting gate on the very first date the healthcare.gov website launched. You might remember how you couldn’t get on the website or how you got kicked off after you had done a lot to put in information. Yes, ObamaCare stumbled out of the start-ing gate on the very first day that the healthcare.gov website was launched, and it has consistently failed to deliver on its core promises while hurting far more Americans than it is helping. One thing both parties should agree on is that an accessible and affordable healthcare system should be available to each and every American family, and I truly hope my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will work with us to find common ground on healthcare that truly delivers better care. Millions of Americans have been suf-fering under President Obama’s healthcare law, and this past fall our Nation voted for a change. These hard- working Americans made it clear that fixing our healthcare must be a top pri-ority for Congress and the President. This week, we are delivering on that promise of relief from ObamaCare. Making America’s healthcare system more efficient and effective has always been an important and challenging en-deavor for the public and private sector alike. President Obama and his con-gressional Democrats pushed Wash-ington into the healthcare market, in-flicting far greater uncertainty, cost, and disruption into the healthcare landscape than anyone ever imagined. By taking the important steps nec-essary to untangle Americans from this unworkable, unpopular, and unaffordable law, hard-working fami-lies can expect to see stability in the skyrocketing healthcare costs and egregious penalties imposed on them by the ill-named ObamaCare concept of ‘‘affordable care.’’ If you are young and healthy, ObamaCare has made it an easy choice to opt out of health coverage. But for those not so fortunate, for those who must have coverage, soaring healthcare costs are becoming a stunning reality. I have constituents in Wyoming who have written to me with worry and concern about their surging health in-surance premiums. I assume that my 99 other colleagues have received many letters like one I received from a family in Gillette, WY. They recently wrote me that under ObamaCare they are paying more than $2,400 a month—essentially taking on more than another mortgage. In their letter to me, they write: 
Mike, we are small business owners in Gil-lette, WY. Between Obama trying to kill the coal, oil and gas industries and his insurance fraud, we are stuck between a rock and a hard place. I just paid a $2400 Blue Cross Blue Shield of Wyoming Health insurance bill. I can’t keep doing that. I am a real person with real problems created by my own gov-ernment. HELP MIKE HELP. 
That last line of this letter is espe-cially moving: ‘‘HELP MIKE HELP.’’ This is why Republicans in Congress and the President have focused on doing just that—helping hard-working Americans like this family in Wyo-ming. They are looking to us to pro-vide real leadership and rescue them from the failed ObamaCare law. The previous administration seemed to focus only on protecting their self- described signature legislative achieve-ment. Our focus must be to address ObamaCare’s tangled and expensive web of regulations. For families like my constituents, the situation is grim and only getting worse by the day. One of the most disturbing parts of this law is that Americans are now es-sentially double-charged by having to pay more in taxes to fund the very healthcare law that is driving up the cost of their insurance premiums. Let me explain further. ObamaCare taxes have increased insurance premiums and limited options for patients and healthcare providers, including taxes on prescription drugs, over-the-counter medications, health insurance pre-miums, and medical devices. Unless Congress acts, American households will be forced to pay nearly $1 trillion in new taxes and penalties over the next 10 years. Individual and employer mandate penalties forced millions of hard-working families into expensive and terribly inadequate ObamaCare plans that they did not want and could not afford. ObamaCare’s crushing regulations mean smaller paychecks for families and prevent small businesses from ex-panding and hiring new workers. For every American, ObamaCare has meant more government, more bu-reaucracy, and more rules and regula-tions, along with soaring healthcare costs and few choices. Working to-gether, we can begin to lift these bur-dens and higher costs this law has im-posed on all Americans. The bill we are debating this week will begin to pro-vide relief from ObamaCare that mil-lions of hard-working Americans have long demanded. Fortunately, America now has a Con-gress and a President committed to helping stabilize the collapsing insur-ance markets that have left millions of Americans with no options. The goal of the Republican healthcare bill will be to improve the affordability of health insurance, pre-serve access to care for Americans with preexisting conditions—yes, to pre-serve access to care for Americans with preexisting conditions—and to safe-guard and strengthen Medicaid for those who truly need it. This will be accomplished by giving States more flexibility and ensuring that those who rely on this program won’t have the rug pulled out from under them. Most importantly, we will free the American people from the onerous ObamaCare mandates to purchase insurance that they don’t want and can’t afford. The American people have endured a lot under ObamaCare—including every broken promise. We all remember President Obama’s promise to each and every American that if they liked their health plan, they could keep it. Well, Americans soon learned they couldn’t keep their plan or their doctor or any extra money in their wallet. The main reason for this is because ObamaCare invaded the insurance marketplace and drastically reduced Americans’ choice of healthcare plans and with it the competition necessary to contain the costs of health insurance. It was no surprise that the President’s promise— if you like your plan, you can keep it— became the ultimate example of the unfulfilled and unattainable promises of ObamaCare. For many Senators, especially from rural States like mine, the real impact of ObamaCare on our health insurance market is much more disturbing. Wyo-ming currently only has one health in-surer in the individual market, both on and off the ObamaCare exchange. Let me say that again so there is no mis-take. There is only one health insurer either on or off the ObamaCare ex-change for all of Wyoming. One health insurer for all of Wyoming. Many States are experiencing a similar cri-sis, with only one insurer left standing since others have entirely abandoned the exchanges. For residents of Wyoming and mil-lions of other Americans, the Obama administration’s public relations cam-paign—on which it spent millions of taxpayer dollars—touted choice that ultimately became false advertising. This is the actual ‘‘choice’’ for millions of Americans: one and none—but the ‘‘none’’ will cost you because of the mandate penalty. You can’t afford it, so you don’t get it, and then it costs you because of the mandate penalty. What about the promise of lower healthcare costs that provided the foundation for my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to pass this flawed bill? Even President Obama’s administration admitted that ObamaCare is failing to address costs, with average premiums rising by 25 percent for silver-level plans on the Federal exchange. That means families have to decide whether to purchase unaffordable insurance or pay a fine. In most cases, they are literally paying 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.004 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4231 July 26, 2017 
more money for less control of their healthcare. Last October’s dramatic premium in-crease was clearly on the minds of vot-ers when they cast their ballots in the November election. Let me say that again. Last October’s dramatic pre-mium increase was clearly on the minds of voters when they cast their ballots in the November election. There is trying to be some blame put on us for those increases, but that was before last November’s election. This is a crucial time for healthcare in America. We do not have the luxury of ignoring the crisis in health insur-ance markets and the crushing pre-miums faced by families across the country. Healthcare costs for my con-stituents in Wyoming continue to be among the highest in the Nation, with other States not far behind. We must act now to rescue the mil-lions of Americans who are suffering under ObamaCare in order to provide relief to those who have been harmed by this law. Unwinding this failed law to make meaningful changes has not been easy, but Americans are relying on us to accomplish this task and keep the promise to rescue them from ObamaCare. Our goal is to create a healthcare system where Washington gets out of the way and families are again empowered to control their own healthcare, with more choices and lower costs. So this is where we find ourselves today. Congress and the President are fulfilling their promise to provide re-lief for millions of hard-working Amer-icans trapped by Obamacare’s taxes and mandates. We are not tied to any single idea. We hope our Democratic colleagues will ultimately join us in this worthy endeavor. The American people are expecting us to act. We must not let them down. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, since the Republicans have announced that their top legislative priority in this Congress would be to rip away healthcare from millions of Americans, I have come down to the floor many times to beg them to reconsider. I shared stories about families in Massa-chusetts who gained quality healthcare coverage for the first time after the passage of the Affordable Care Act. I shared statements and letters from hospitals and doctors in Massachusetts talking about the incredible difference healthcare coverage makes for the pa-tients who walk through their doors. I have also shared many, many stories from parents with children who have complex medical needs—all of those children depending on Medicaid. I know that families, doctors, hos-pitals, nursing homes, and patients lying in their hospital beds haven’t just been sharing their stories with me; they have been begging every Repub-lican in the Senate to listen to them as well. People share their stories because they want to make a difference. These are the stories of families we represent. They are the reason we are here in the Senate. They are supposed to be our guiding light for the choices we make and the way we vote. Senate Republicans who voted yes-terday to move forward with their ef-fort to rip away Americans’ healthcare are not listening to the people they represent. Their vote was irresponsible. It was reckless. It was cruel. It was im-moral. But more than that, this was a vote that is not who we are as a coun-try. Let’s be very clear about what is hap-pening on the floor of the Senate right now. Fifty Republicans have voted to open debate on a series of bills, each of which would have devastating effects for healthcare in this country. Now the Republicans don’t know which of these bills will actually be the ones they will be asked to vote on. Only some of the bills have been analyzed by the number crunchers over at the Congressional Budget Office, the CBO, to estimate ex-actly how many people would be kicked off insurance and how high pre-miums would go, but every version that the CBO did examine over the last few weeks was very ugly, with tens of millions of people losing their coverage and costs skyrocketing for millions more. The latest plan Senator M
CCONNELL  has been floating behind the scenes would have Republicans ultimately vote on what is called a skinny repeal bill. This bill would make a limited set of changes to the Affordable Care Act— just the important stuff. What is im-portant to Senator M
CCONNELL ? It seems to be the part of the Affordable Care Act that makes the health insur-ance system actually work, because the skinny bill would repeal the parts of the ACA that say everyone needs health insurance coverage. This is the individual mandate. Republican leadership is telling their Members that if they vote for this skinny bill, they can hammer out the rest of the details in conference with the House of Representatives. But make no mistake—this isn’t a more moderate version of the Republicans’ ugly plan to repeal the Affordable Care Act. This isn’t compromise. In fact, this may be the worst idea they have had yet because if Senate Republicans vote to repeal the individual mandate, they are getting rid of the linchpin of the insurance markets in this country. That is because this provision—the one the Republicans want to junk—is what keeps the price of insurance affordable for people with preexisting conditions. Don’t just take my word for it. Inde-pendent experts have looked at what would happen if the Republicans repeal the individual mandate. Boy, it is not pretty. Just yesterday, the American Academy of Actuaries—these are the experts who study how insurance works. They do that for a living. These are their numbers. They wrote to Sen-ate leadership begging them not to go forward with this reckless plan. They wrote that eliminating this part of the health law ‘‘would likely have signifi-cant implications for health care cov-erage and costs both to consumers and the federal government.’’ They said that it would ‘‘lead to premium in-creases.’’ It would ‘‘weaken insurer sol-vency.’’ Let me do the translation on this. The actuaries—those who study insur-ance for a living—are saying that what the Republicans are thinking of voting on is a provision to jack up insurance costs through the roof and rip away coverage from those who can’t afford to pay those higher costs. We should be very clear about the consequences. If the Republicans go through with that vote, they will be re-sponsible for every dollar of premium increases that occur over the weeks and months that follow as this bill sits in a conference with the House and in-surance companies jack up prices be-cause they don’t know what they might be required to cover. Senate Re-publicans will be responsible for every single person who has to drop coverage because they can’t afford those price increases. The Senate Republicans will be responsible for every single person who didn’t go to the doctor when they needed to or didn’t schedule surgery when they needed to because they no longer have health insurance. Senate Republicans will be responsible for every family in this country who misses a mortgage payment or can’t pay their electricity bill or is forced into bankruptcy because their medical debts have become too big to ever pay off. Every time I have come to the floor to talk about this terrible Republican bill, I have said that I am ready to work on bipartisan proposals that will actually improve healthcare in this country, and I say it again. I am still ready to do that, but we cannot move forward while Senate Republicans are still trying to take healthcare coverage away from millions of Americans and drive up costs for millions more. Republicans seem to think they can wear us down, that they can keep us here until we get too tired or we give up or we just give in, but, boy, that is where they are wrong. They do not have a clue what they are up against because we are fighting for families. We are fighting for little kids. We are fighting for our neighbors. We are fighting for parents and brothers and sisters and loved ones. We are fighting for the American people. When you fight for the American people, the wind is always at your back, and your heart is always strong. So Democrats will be here, fighting for as long as it takes to beat back these shameful healthcare bills. We hear the American people. We hear you. We are on your side, and we will never give up. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Virginia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.005 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4232 July 26, 2017 
Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, first of all, I thank my friend, the Senator from Massachusetts, for her comments today and for her relentless willingness to take on this fight and so many other fights that are so important to our country. I come to join her call to point out some of the challenges in this legisla-tion but also to make an appeal to my friends on the other side that this does not have to be the way we go. I have been one who has acknowledged for many years that there are challenges in the Affordable Care Act and that there are areas in which there could be common interests in finding solutions, but what we have before us now is a se-ries of ‘‘bad, badder, and baddest’’ choices. In effect, we have a series of options that ask: Do we want to pass legislation that would take 16 million Americans off healthcare? Do we want to pass legislation that would take 22 million people off healthcare? Do we want to pass legislation that would take 32 million Americans off health insurance? What parts of these choices do my Republican colleagues really embrace? I think that in the 8 years I have been here, I have never seen a series of pieces of legislation that have been so unpopular, even before they are passed, than this litany of options from full re-peal to skinny repeal and all of the variations in between. As has been said by the Senator from Massachusetts and I know by the Sen-ator from Washington State as well, the American people know this. That is why our phones are ringing in our of-fices and I know in our Senate Repub-lican colleagues’ offices. People are saying do not pass this kind of legisla-tion. I think about the fact that in the last couple of weeks, the parents of a num-ber of children and young adults who have enormous disabilities have come to my office. In Virginia, we run a very skinny Medicaid Program. Frankly, it has not been very generous. Some of the individuals who have come to my office have waited 5, 6 years—one per-son has waited 10 years—to get a Med-icaid waiver. These families, these chil-dren, in any of the proposals that have been put forward, would be the first to lose their coverage. Family after family talked about the fact that, right now, both parents can work because they have a little bit of relief to take care of their disabled young adults in certain cases. In many cases, it is because the young adults can at least find someplace to do some productive work themselves. Yet, if they were to lose the Medicaid waiver, one of the parents would have to stop working, and the child would have to stop his form of employment. Net-net, it would be a loss not only to that fam-ily, but it would be a loss to our econ-omy. I mentioned that I used to be the Governor of Virginia. In 2016, Virginia received about $4 billion in Federal Medicaid funds—51 percent of the State’s funding for people covered by Medicaid. As I mentioned, we are ranked one of the skinniest programs in the country. Unfortunately, we rank about 47th, I believe, in terms of our payments. Yet, under any of these pro-posals that decimate Medicaid, Vir-ginia would be penalized for running an efficient program. Again, one of the ironies of this is that the States that are the least pe-nalized in the Republican proposals, in terms of the $700 billion-plus of Med-icaid cuts, are actually the States that have more generous programs. They are often States that are represented by Democratic Governors. In what way do these proposals help our Republican colleagues or, for that matter, their constituents? We have heard, as well, that the American Cancer Society, the Amer-ican Medical Association, the Amer-ican Academy of Pediatrics, the Amer-ican Hospital Association, and AARP— a who’s who of groups affiliated with healthcare—have come in and pleaded: Please, do not do this, this way—any one of these litany of proposals that we will be dealing with over the next few days. From what I have heard on an indi-vidual basis—and I take enormous pride in the fact that in my time here— and sometimes it has even gotten me crosswise with the ranking member of the HELP Committee—I have tried to reach out on virtually every piece of legislation I have worked on to find a Republican partner. I actually got put in a timeout by a previous leader for doing too much of that. What I hear from my Republican col-leagues is, they do not want to own this. They know, in many ways, that this is walking the plank on what is both bad policy, bad politics, bad for their constituents, but the notion that somehow they have to provide a win for a President who has provided zero leadership before they can take some kind of August recess is literally the worst reasoning I have heard in my 8 years in the Senate as to why to pass a piece of legislation, particularly a piece of legislation that affects one- sixth of our economy. In many ways, it is almost one-third of the people who will be affected by some of these changes. I think many of us were touched yes-terday when we saw Senator M
CCAIN, who is an American hero and who him-self is having to grapple with enormous healthcare challenges, come back to the floor and, frankly, admonish us ap-propriately but also say that while he was going to vote to start debate on this bill, the real way we ought to go about doing this is to roll up our sleeves, in a bipartisan fashion, and take this legislation back to where it should start, which is in the HELP Committee, where the Senator from Washington serves, in the Budget Com-mittee, whose chairman is on the floor, and in the Finance Committee. Two of those three committees I have the honor of serving on. I commit to my Republican col-leagues that I will work with them. I have laid out a series of ideas, some of which they have endorsed in terms of there potentially being cheaper op-tions, in terms of selections; the idea, as long as we protect consumers, of al-lowing insurance policies to be sold across State lines and other ideas in terms of reinsurance that other col-leagues have worked on. There are a host of ideas we all agree on. Let’s start with that premise, in terms of coming to a solution, not coming up with legislation that is cooked up be-hind closed doors that even my strong-est Republican colleagues have ac-knowledged they cannot vote on when they only get an hour to look at it. Think about all of the same criti-cisms—some of them valid—that were made against the Democrats when we passed the ACA; although I would con-tinue to remind my friends that we had, literally, hundreds of amendments which were Republican amendments that were accepted into that legisla-tion. It was not a perfect process, but let’s learn from that and take this ad-vantage right now. Listen to the Amer-ican public, and let’s work together to get this right. The other item that will come about from any of this Republican legislation put forward, even from the skinniest of their proposals, would dramatically af-fect those individuals with preexisting conditions. I have three daughters. One of my daughters has juvenile diabetes. She has had it for 18 years. Another daughter has asthma and a very strange set of allergic reactions that have actually caused her to have been hospitalized 38 times in the last 40 months. I am an extraordinarily lucky indi-vidual. I know that both through health insurance and because I had the resources, every time my two children got sick, I could make sure they got the medical attention they deserved. I cannot imagine talking to any Virginia family or Washington family or Wyo-ming family or Arkansas family who has a child with those same afflictions and trying to explain to them that my kids who have juvenile diabetes, asth-ma, and allergic reactions—through no fault of their own and that have caused this number of hospitalizations—have a right to healthcare and that their kids who have preexisting conditions do not have that right. Our country is much better than this. We can figure out a way to get this right, but we are not going to get it right if we continue to have this ploy of one closed-door, cooked-up deal after another that is put forward, with no re-view and no real attempt to find a com-mon solution. I do not come to the floor that often, and I do not often talk about the med-ical needs of my family. This is for the sake of not only my kids who get the coverage they need and deserve but for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.007 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4233 July 26, 2017 
all the kids who now get the coverage they did not have prior to the ACA and who have it now. It is the idea that in-surance companies cannot discriminate against you because you have pre-existing conditions. Let’s see if we can make sure we maintain that commitment. In the greatest country in the world, as Sen-ator M
CCAINso eloquently put it yes-terday, let’s see if we can work through to a way that makes this body, once again, the greatest deliberative body in the world. Let’s see if we can find that common ground that would allow us to put forward legislation that at the end of the day, we would all be proud of. That is a goal worth working on. My hope is, over the coming days, we will find that common group of Sen-ators who will say we are going to take that path rather than the path we are on right now. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I hope all Senators in this Chamber took the time to listen to the very wise words from the Senator from Virginia as to the fact that we are facing real issues in this country and that when we work together and go through the regular process of having committee hearings and no secret negotiations or back-room deals, we can lead this country in the way it should be led. I thank the Senator for coming to the floor and reminding us that is how we get things done in a way that Amer-ica accepts it. Yet we are not here after having had committee hearings or process or any-thing. We are here because of back-room deals that have brought us to this floor at a time when no one can accept the fact that all of the proposals are as a result, so far, of how many millions of people will lose insurance—22 mil-lion, 15 million, 24 million. That is what we are debating here, and that is a terrible debate. That is not what we should be talking about, but those are the proposals we are being offered. Again, the Democrats are here. We are not giving up, and we are going to fight any effort to pass TrumpCare until the last possible moment because that will be the result. We are going to speak out for families nationwide— children, parents, patients, people with disabilities, seniors, and people who have called and tweeted and marched and filled our office halls. So many people are worried and, frankly, scared right now. These are families who are being kept in the dark by our Repub-lican colleagues and who are being left to wonder what might happen to their healthcare, their financial security, and even their lives. It is appalling the majority of Repub-licans who are willing to go along with this plan and move to begin debate without even knowing what bill they will be debating. Yet, last night, the vast majority of the Senate did some-thing unusual. It showed just how much agreement there actually can be among us, when 57 Republicans and Democrats agreed to reject a full TrumpCare replacement bill and sent a message that we agreed with Senator MCCAINin that we should stop letting the ‘‘bombastic loudmouths’’ drive our work and instead return to regular order and get back to work on policies that actually help the people we are here to represent. There are responsible Republicans who disagree with the way the Repub-lican leaders have hidden their legisla-tion from Democrats and the public throughout this process, who think there should be an open, transparent process, with both sides at the table, and who want hearings and public de-bate rather than backroom deals and secret negotiations. I do as well, and I know many of my Democratic col-leagues agree. Now that it is clear that there is ab-solutely no path to full TrumpCare in the Senate, what is the reason for con-tinuing this damaging, rushed, deeply partisan effort on the floor to jam just any bill through the Senate? Together we can do a lot better than the lowest common denominator bill that simply sends TrumpCare to conference with the House and then gives the Freedom Caucus a blank check to gut Medicaid and put insurance companies back in charge of people’s healthcare, and more. Let’s be clear. The only reason to pass a cobbled-together, last-minute bill on the floor is to keep the extreme conservative dream of repealing ObamaCare alive, no matter what that means for patients and families. I truly believe there is a better way to get this done right, and it is to stop what Senate Republican leaders are doing right now and start over. So, once again, I ask my Republican colleagues to drop this partisan effort and join us at the table. Let’s work to-gether to improve families’ healthcare, as so many of us truly want to do. My door is open, and I am ready to get started. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, no one should normalize what is happening on this Senate floor right now. We are all waiting for the white smoke to come out of Republican leadership offices so that the millions and millions of very scared people in my State will be able to see what is about to happen to their lives. This isn’t a game. People’s lives are at stake. People’s health is at stake. Yet, because this debate is now devoid of policy and substance and seemingly just about delivering a political vic-tory to Republicans, we wait and we wait and we wait. People are scared. All over the Cap-itol today there are parents of children with disabilities, many of whom rely on Medicaid in order to keep their chil-dren alive. I have spent a lot of time with them over the course of the last 6 months because, to them, the measure of a civilization is how it treats the most vulnerable, and their kids, with these deep disabilities, are among the most vulnerable. For much of the last 6 months I have seen anger in their eyes—anger that Congress would choose to hurt their kids or to force their family to go bankrupt. Yesterday, I saw something new in their eyes. I saw fear. I saw deep, de-bilitating fear because they sense that we are on the precipice of doing some-thing that they didn’t think was pos-sible—a piece of legislation passing the Senate and the House that would delib-erately and intentionally hurt their children. There is no way around it. It is not hyperbole. The House bill that we are debating right now guts Medicaid to the point where 15 million people—the most vulnerable Americans—would lose access to healthcare. I know it is very hard for people in this Chamber to understand because we all have really good healthcare. But when you have an expensive disease or your child has an expensive disease and you lose insurance, you can’t pay for it. You can sell your house, you can sell your car, and you can exhaust your savings. For some families, that will cover 6 months’ worth of expenses for their sick child. At some point, the pa-tient dies if they don’t have access to healthcare. So people are scared. They are really scared. They are scared not just at the consequences of the House bill eventu-ally passing, but they are also scared at the casualness with which this de-bate seems to treat their plight. There are rumors now that, at the end of this process, we are going to vote on what has been described as a stripped-down, gutted version of the original Republican healthcare bill. It might have one or two provisions in it—maybe the elimination of the indi-vidual mandate, maybe the elimination of a few taxes. The intent would be to essentially punt the more comprehen-sive debate about what our healthcare system is going to look like to a con-ference committee. I want to talk about that for a few moments and what the consequences of that are. First, I want to talk about what the consequences are, if that end result is achieved, for the Senate. Why do my colleagues choose to run for the Senate if they are prepared to sur-render the biggest policy decision they will likely face to the House of Rep-resentatives? Why go through all the trouble of running, of raising all the money, of getting all the votes to be-come a Senator if you aren’t prepared to actually render an opinion and pass a bill on the biggest priority issue fac-ing this country right now—the future of the American healthcare system? Republicans have been unable to come up with a bill that can get 50 votes. Why? Because they refuse to en-gage with Democrats. Now the solution 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.008 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4234 July 26, 2017 
is to punt by passing a stripped-down version of the bill, handing all power to the House of Representatives, surren-dering to the House of Representatives. What is the point of being a U.S. Sen-ator if you aren’t actually going to make policy, if you are just going to hand over the keys of policymaking to the House of Representatives? This is the U.S. Senate. I disagreed with Senator M
CCAIN’s vote yesterday, but I heard the speech he gave to us that this should be the place in which we make the big, tough decisions about the future of the Amer-ican economy. The Senate will put an ‘‘out of business’’ sign on the outside of this Chamber if we pass a scaled-down version of this bill that admits we can’t come to a conclusion. What is the point of being a Senator if you just hand this debate over to the House of Representatives? By the way, that is what will happen. If the Senate goes to conference with the House of Representatives and there is only one bill in that conference—and that is what will happen if a stripped-down version of this bill goes into conference and the House has a comprehensive re-form bill—the House bill will be the only one in the conference committee, and the House bill will become law. The House bill will survive. It may have some small cosmetic amendments to it, but all of the power will be given to the House of Representatives in those negotiations because there is only one idea that will be present. Let’s go back for a moment and re-member what was in that House bill that so many of my Republican col-leagues told me was deeply objection-able to them and would never get a vote on the Senate floor. Twenty-three million people will lose insurance. Rates will go up by 15 to 20 percent. People with preexisting conditions in most States likely will lose all protec-tions available to them. Insurance plans will not have to cover maternity care, mental illness, or addiction any longer. Medicaid will be gone as we know it. My small State, with an $8 billion Medicaid Program, will have a $3 billion cut. Children will lose their ability to stay alive because they lose their healthcare insurance. Seniors in nursing homes will be put out on the street. That is not hyperbole. That is real. That is what happens when you kick 23 million people off of insurance. That bill or some version of it would emerge from the conference committee because the Senate would have de-faulted to it by going to conference with nothing. But that is just the long- term consequence. The short-term con-sequence is that this scaled-down bill reportedly will include an elimination of the individual mandate. Insurance markets will fall apart. Everybody here knows, whether you are a Republican or a Democrat, that the only way you guarantee that peo-ple get priced the same if they are sick or not sick is to require people to buy insurance when they are not sick. In fact, the Republicans know that be-cause in their bill that they wrote be-hind closed doors, they included an in-dividual mandate. They did. It was de-signed in a different way. They said that if you don’t buy insurance, you will be penalized by being locked out of the insurance market for 6 months. But they had a penalty for people who don’t buy insurance, just like the Af-fordable Care Act has a penalty. Re-publicans and Democrats understand that in order for the insurance markets to work as they are regulated today, you need to encourage people to buy insurance when they are healthy and penalize them if they don’t. The Repub-lican bill does that, just like the Af-fordable Care Act does that. If you pass a bill that removes that mandate, then every insurance ad-juster, every actuary who works for a major healthcare insurance company, will tell you that the markets will cra-ter because individuals won’t buy in-surance until they get sick, knowing that they can’t be charged any more. Healthy people will not buy insurance. Rates will go up. Insurers will flee the markets. The entire thing collapses. That is the short-term consequence of telegraphing to the insurance com-panies that you are getting rid of the individual mandate. Even if that is not the final result, that telegraph signal, at a point where insurers are already rethinking the markets because of the sabotage campaign that President Trump has undertaken, would be cata-strophic. This is not a game. These stakes are big. The casualness with which people are approaching this debate is scaring the life out of people in my State, out of parents of kids with disabilities and folks who are dealing with sickness and illness all across this country. It is not too late. We don’t have a communicable disease. We aren’t going to physically harm Republicans if they come talk to us. It is time to abandon this Republican-only approach and come work with Democrats. Let’s jointly own the problems that still exist in the healthcare system and jointly own the solution. People are scared of what is happening in the Sen-ate today, and there is a different way. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. What is the time situa-tion? The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). The Senator from Wyoming controls 24 minutes. The Senator from Washington controls 1 minute. The Senator from Connecticut. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I want to say that the field hearings I had have shown me that people not only fear but will be justifiably hurt forever by this sabotage of our ex-changes and by the repeal of the Af-fordable Care Act. Whether it is called a skinny repeal or any other name, it will fundamentally decimate Medicaid, it will put Americans who are in nurs-ing homes out on the streets, and it will mean that people who need treat-ment for opioids—the consequences to them and many others whom I have seen in Connecticut and around the country will be absolutely devastating. This shameful and senseless step to-ward gutting the Affordable Care Act has left millions not only in fear but in potential real jeopardy. We can do bet-ter, and the people of Connecticut and around the country know we can do better. We owe it to our democracy to go through the regular order, as Senator MCCAINurged us to do, and to make sure that we fulfill our promise, our oath that we will uphold the Constitu-tion and do what is right for the Amer-ican people. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator’s time has expired. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I yield the floor. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I yield such time as the Senator from Kentucky needs. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kentucky. Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, as a physi-cian and an eye surgeon, I have seen ObamaCare up close, and it is not working for Americans. If you look across the country and say ‘‘Is it working?’’ you find that ObamaCare premiums have doubled for those in the individual marketplace in just a few short years. You find that the ObamaCare insurance mandates have caused 4.7 million people to lose the insurance they chose. If you like your doctor, you can keep him or her— that was the promise, and it was a lie. Some 4.7 million people were told that they couldn’t choose the insurance they want and couldn’t choose their doctor. It is estimated that there are 800,000 fewer jobs because of ObamaCare. How does that happen? Well, if you work 32 hours a week and your employer has to provide insurance at 30 hours, guess what happens. Some people get moved to 28 hours. You add up all those hours, and millions of people are working fewer hours. Who are the people who got shafted by ObamaCare? Often, working-class people. In my State, there are 25,000 people who pay a fine because they can’t afford ObamaCare. These 25,000 people make less than $25,000 a year. They are our working class. ObamaCare punishes them and says: You have to pay a fine. They say: I wish I had insurance, but ObamaCare added all these mandates, things that I can’t afford. Sure, everybody wants to have every-thing under the Sun covered by their insurance, but when you mandate that, you elevate the price of insurance. So what has happened? Young, healthy people have lost their insurance and don’t buy insurance in droves. ObamaCare says: You can come back any time after you are sick and buy your insurance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.010 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4235 July 26, 2017 
That sounds good, but what it leads to is the death spiral of ObamaCare. ObamaCare premiums have doubled be-cause the young, healthy people are saying it costs too much and the sicker people are the only ones left in insur-ance. This is what happens when you let the government get involved in the marketplace. If you allow the market-place to work—what is the one uni-versal feature of capitalism? You get the lowest amount of cost and the most amount of goods distributed to the most amount of people. Right now under ObamaCare, 50 per-cent of America has one choice. What does that mean? A monopoly. Who wants the insurance company to have a monopoly? When the insurance compa-nies have monopolies, the prices get doubled. There are now some parts of our country that have no choice in the in-dividual market. If you are a plumber or a welder or a carpenter, you have to buy insurance in the individual mar-ket. In many places in America, you have no choice. In half of America, if you buy insurance by yourself, if you are not part of a large group, in half of America, there is one choice—a monop-oly and monopoly prices. In my State alone, 50,000 Kentuck-ians have to pay a tax. They have to pay a fine because they can’t afford ObamaCare. They are regular working people, and they do work and they do pay taxes. They pay a fine. We pay $16 million in fines in just my State. Across America, this is happening. How did it become an American sort of legislation or plan to force people to buy stuff they don’t want and then to extract money out of their paycheck if they don’t do what you tell them? Ultimately, Americans should re-member that ObamaCare is predicated on force and coercion. ObamaCare dic-tates what kind of insurance you can get and makes you pay a fine if you don’t get what the politicians tell you you must get. President Obama basically told you that you were too stupid to make your own choices. These people who want to dictate to you are elitists. They think they know better than you what kind of insurance you should get. If you don’t buy the insurance they dictate, they will fine you. If you don’t pay the fine, they will jail you. How is that consistent with the American ideal of freedom? This debate is about more than actu-arial tables. We get dragged down into this debate, and we think it is all this healthcare wonkiness, this and that. It is about freedom of choice. It is about whether you as an American can make the choice whether you want insurance or don’t want insurance, whether you want insurance that is really expensive or not. They put a special tax in there if you have good insurance. First they tell you what kind of insurance to buy, and then they tell you that your insurance is too good. If you are in a union or you are an executive and you have great in-surance, ObamaCare tells you they are going to tax you because your insur-ance is too good. These busybodies think they know everything about what you want. They are going to dic-tate what kind of insurance you can get, and then when you buy it, they are going to tell you that you have too much, so you have to pay a tax. That isn’t the American way. Today we will vote on a bill we have voted on many times. The Senate itself voted on this 2 years ago. It is the iden-tical bill. We are going to vote on a bill we voted on 2 years ago. I hope every-body who voted for it before will vote for it again. It is what we call a clean repeal. It is not cluttered with insur-ance company bailouts. It is not clut-tered with this and that, new Federal regulations. It is just trying to peel back ObamaCare. While it is a clean repeal, it is only a partial repeal. Why? It is only a partial repeal because we have these arcane Senate rules that say we can’t repeal the whole thing. Because we are only repealing part of it, ObamaCare will re-main. Even if we are successful with this bill, at least half or more of ObamaCare remains. Bad things re-main. All of the mandates on what you have to purchase on your insurance will remain. That doesn’t mean we shouldn’t do this. The other side does not want to help. The other side has never met a regula-tion they want to repeal and has never met a tax they want to lower. So if you want to get rid of the taxes, it has to be done today. People say: Well, this doesn’t have the replacement. Well, sure we should replace ObamaCare. I have been advocating that from the beginning. But we have to figure out what that replacement is. And the only way we are going to be forced into a bipartisan compromise is if we repeal it. If we do not repeal it today, there is no impetus from either side to work on replacing it. If you re-peal it, even the other side will say: Oh, my goodness, we have to do some-thing because they repealed these sub-sidies in this Medicaid expansion. They will say: We will work with you now. But everything else is false. They will not work on repealing one regulation or one tax. That heavy lift is left to Republicans, and my hope is that Republicans would band together and say: Sure, this isn’t everything I wanted. It is not everything I want. It is a partial repeal. It leaves in place a lot of ObamaCare that we should get rid of, and we should continue to try to get rid of these Federal mandates on insurance. This is a beginning, and it is all we are being offered up as a beginning, but it is a victory for those of us in Amer-ica who have said: Enough is enough. My government shouldn’t be telling me what I can buy and what I cannot buy. My government should not tell me which doctor I can choose and which doctor I have to leave behind. The gov-ernment should not be involved in my healthcare business. I want to be left alone. The right to privacy, the right to be left alone is a fundamental right of Americans. That is what this is about. It is about freedom of choice. It is not about actuarial tables. It is not about the Federal Government design-ing a perfect healthcare system. The Federal Government cannot deliver the mail. They lose a billion dollars a quar-ter delivering your mail. Do you want them in charge of your doctor? Do you want them in charge of your insur-ance? This is the one chance we get today. We will have a chance to repeal ObamaCare. We will have a chance to fulfill our promise to the American voters. There is a partisan divide. Democrats are for keeping it; Republicans are for repealing it. But Republicans made a promise. We made a promise to the American people to repeal it. There may be some Republicans today who say: I am not voting to repeal any longer; things have changed. The prob-lem is that we are not going to get to-ward a solution if we don’t begin to re-peal. The other thing about this repeal is that there is a 2-year window in which part of the repeal doesn’t take place for 2 years. Over those 2 years, my guess is that we will have impetus from the other side to actually begin to negotiate. Currently, there are 27 mil-lion people in America without insur-ance. From all the talk, you would think that ObamaCare has covered ev-eryone, and somehow Republicans are against that. Count me as one Republican who wants to figure out how we insure the 27 million who don’t have insurance. Of the 27 million people who don’t have insurance under ObamaCare, half of them don’t buy insurance because it is too expensive. Why is it too expensive? Because ObamaCare dictates about 15 different things that every insurance policy has to have: Vision, hearing, pregnancy—you name it; it is all on there. Everyone wants it. If you put it on every insurance policy, not every-one is going to be able to afford it. You force people out of the market. So 27 million people don’t have insurance, and half say they can’t get it because it is too expensive. Where is the problem in insurance? If you are here today visiting in Wash-ington, and you work for Toyota or Ford or General Motors or any big American company—any big corpora-tion in our country—if you work for them, my guess is that you are not worried about your wife getting sick and they fire you from your job or raise your rates. What happens when you have group insurance is, if your family member gets sick, you don’t lose your job. Your insurance rates really don’t change, and you continue on with your life. You still have the tragedy to deal with of someone in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.011 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4236 July 26, 2017 
your family being sick. But if you have group insurance, it seems to work in our country. What we are talking about is the in-dividual insurance market. We are talking about the plumber, the pest control guy, the carpenter, the welder, the farmer—people who are in a small business. Either they have a few em-ployees or it is just them. That is what we are talking about. It is horribly bro-ken. I don’t wish it on any American. I wish no American had to buy any in-surance in the individual market. In fact, what I am proposing would so dis-rupt the individual market that maybe everyone would leave. I am trying to give an exit ramp to everyone in the individual market to get out of the in-dividual market because the individual market is a terrible place to be. If you are a farmer in America and you buy insurance for you and your wife, and your wife gets breast cancer, you are not only deathly afraid for her health, you are deathly afraid your in-surance rates will be doubled, tripled, or you will be dropped. I don’t care if you are a Republican, Independent, or a Democrat. People in the individual market do worry. We have had people here worried that people are going to lose their health insurance. The indi-vidual market is a terrible place to be. So what should we do? Should we give hundreds of billions of dollars to the insurance company and say: Please insure these people and make sure their rates aren’t too high. I don’t like that because I am not for crony cap-italism. These companies make billions of dollars a year in profit. I am not for giving them one penny of your money. Do you know what I want? I want something that doesn’t cost anything, that doesn’t cost one penny and would completely transform healthcare and insurance in this country. I want to le-galize—I want to make it open to every American that you can go out with an association across State lines and buy your insurance as part of a group. What would that mean? In my State, the Farm Bureau has 33,000 people. But when you go to the Farm Bureau to buy your insurance, you get an indi-vidual policy. A farmer, his wife, and their family get a policy. It is just them. They are not really protected by the group. They don’t get the leverage of price, and they are not protected. If they get sick, their rates are based on them and their family. Why don’t we let them join together? There are prob-ably a million farmers in the Farm Bu-reau throughout the American Farm Bureau. What if the American Farm Bureau had an association and one per-son negotiated for them? I don’t think we can overstate the negotiating value of a group. In China recently, they negotiated for patented medicines, and they re-duced the price by 67 percent. Groups can negotiate prices down. This is a free market reform. This is collective bargaining for consumers. I can’t see why either side—I am still hopeful, no matter where this goes, that at some point in time, when partisan fervor dies down, we can go to the other side and say: What’s so wrong with collec-tive bargaining? I thought you were for collective bargaining for labor. Why not be for collective bargaining for consumers? Let the consumers band to-gether. AARP has 33 million people. What if one person negotiated the rate for their insurance and their drugs? My guess is that they would have the low-est drug prices in the world, and more people would want to join AARP. What if the credit unions—there are about 20 million people in credit unions, maybe more, across the United States. What if you could join your credit union and became part of a national association to buy your insurance? The leverage of 20 million people would be maybe 40, 50 times bigger than America’s biggest corporation. Right now, if you are General Motors and you are a big corporation, you have leverage to bring prices down. What if you were in a corporation 20 times bigger than General Motors—an association that negotiated your prices? This is freedom, though; this isn’t a government plan. This is the Federal Government saying that you are allowed to do what you want. You are allowed to collectively bargain as consumers. I think there is every chance that we could fix a lot of the market. Would there be anybody left behind? Yes. I mean, we have terrible tragedies. I spent my adult career in medicine. I have seen the terrible tragedies, the terrible disabilities, the terrible neurologic disorders people are born with and have to live their lives with. Those exceptions will be treated and are treated. Frankly, one of the misunder-standings of this debate is that any Re-publican is up here talking about try-ing to take away stuff from those who are disabled, can’t work, and do have to have care. That is traditional Med-icaid. They will continue to be cared for. Under this, we are talking only about able-bodied people. Should able- bodied people—people who walk around, hop out of their truck—should they be working? Should they be pro-viding for their health insurance? Yes. Can there be a transition zone? Yes. We have transition programs between un-employment back to employment. We shouldn’t have people permanently un-employed—people permanently on ben-efits who don’t work or won’t work. There should be work requirements. I am not afraid to say that every able- bodied person on Medicaid ought to work. There should be a work require-ment. I meet many people on both sides of the aisle who are for that. I don’t say they should work as pun-ishment. I think everyone in America should work as a reward. I think work is a reward. I don’t care whether you are from the lowest job on the totem pole to the top, to the chief executive. Work is where you get self-esteem. No one can give you self-esteem. Your self- esteem comes from work. I think we are wrong. In fact, I think what we have done—in some cases, we now have multigenerational dependency on gov-ernment, and they are so distraught and so lacking in self-esteem that it also compounds the drug problem that we have. Some say that we need more Med-icaid money to fight the drug problem. I worry that more Medicaid trips to the doctor may actually be part of the drug problem—that much of the dependency is coming from OxyContin, which the drug company says was not addictive, but everyone got put on OxyContin be-cause it supposedly wasn’t addictive. A lot of our heroin and OxyContin prob-lem came out of going to the doctor. If we were to get everyone out of the individual market into group insur-ance, there would be some people left behind. My hope is it would be a small number of people, and we would know after a year or two. Let’s see what it is. We already have a safety net. The other side is acting as if there is no safety net. We have had a safety net for decade after decade. The safety net is Medicaid. If your child has a disability, no one is trying to take that away from him. The thing is, we have to try to fix what we have. We need to understand that what we are looking at—what we are trying to fix isn’t just some kind of policy that nobody can understand. Healthcare policy is very technical and detailed. This is about freedom. Do you think that every American should get to choose whether they have insurance and what kind of insurance they have? This is what it is about. It is freedom of choice. It isn’t about whether we want people to be insured. When you hear these hyperbolic state-ments saying that all these people are going to die—Republicans want people to die—those hyperbolic statements aren’t really helpful to the debate. I do not question the motives of any of the Democrats as far as wanting to provide care. I never questioned Presi-dent Obama’s desire to help people get insurance. To me, it is more of a ques-tion of what will work. What distrib-utes goods better: socialism or cap-italism? Look at the Soviet Union. We defeated the Soviet Union because cap-italism defeated socialism. Socialism doesn’t work. When the government fixes the prices, it doesn’t work. Are we going to have some government involvement? Yes. But because Government is so pitiful at anything they do, we should minimize government’s involvement in any industry. If we say that govern-ment has to be involved to take care of the poor, let’s do it at the State level, not the Federal level. People ask me: Are the people in gov-ernment inherently stupid? I say no, but it is a debatable question. The rea-son is this: Government doesn’t get the proper incentives, and they are too dis-tant from the people, and we have a printing press. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.012 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4237 July 26, 2017 
What is the fundamental deceit of ObamaCare? This is the fundamental problem of all government, but the fun-damental deceit of ObamaCare is this: They said that everyone is going to get free healthcare. Everyone is going to have Medicaid, and you don’t have to pay for it, and the States don’t have to pay for it. We are going to have the Federal Government pay for it. But the problem is the Federal Government can’t pay for most of the things we al-ready have. We already had Medicaid we can’t pay for—Medicare we were short of money for. We already have Social Security that we are short of money for. What do we do? We borrow the money. Our deficit this year will be $500 billion. Our deficit is projected next year to be $1 trillion. That is the real question. It isn’t, do you want to help people? It is, how are you going to pay for it? If this were done at the State level, what would happen? If the State of Kentucky wants to keep the expansion—we have expanded Medicare to 450,000 people. The question should be, should we double the State income tax in Kentucky? If that went to the State legislature, they have to balance competing concerns. If we double the State tax to pay for it—we live right next to Tennessee, which has no State income tax—would we possibly lose ex-isting businesses or existing jobs or would we encourage new businesses not to come to Kentucky? That would be a valid debate. We want to help people, but what are the ramifications of it? In Washington, it is said that there are no ramifications because every-thing goes to the debt. Everything just piles up. We have $20 trillion in debt. Whose fault is it? Both parties. Under George Bush, the debt went from $5 trillion to $10 trillion. Under President Obama, it went from $10 trillion to $20 trillion. Both parties are at fault, but the entitlements are consuming us. How would we possibly move forward with a bill that sets up a new insurance entitlement, as some of the Republican plans wanted to do? We can’t pay for the current entitlements. As we look forward today to the solution, what I would say is that there are alter-natives. We really shouldn’t question the motives of those across the aisle, and they shouldn’t question ours. I want more people to have insurance at a lower cost. We should have a dis-agreement on how it works. I think capitalism works better than social-ism. I think we should minimize gov-ernment’s involvement because govern-ment is not very good at distributing anything. Just look at the mail. I also think there are exciting oppor-tunities for saying how we could insure the 27 million who are not insured cur-rently. Twenty-seven million people under ObamaCare are without insur-ance. The question shouldn’t be about debating over the past. It should be over debating the future. The future should be about trying to figure out how we insure those 27 million. I think there are a lot of opportunities that in-volve more freedom of choice, more freedom to choose your doctor, more freedom to choose what insurance works for you. My goodness, that is what this debate is about. It is not about healthcare policy. It is about freedom of choice, and I hope every Senator today will vote for freedom of choice. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. ENZI. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The clerk will continue to call the roll. The legislative clerk continued with the call of the roll. Mr. ENZI. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. ENZI. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the actions scheduled to take place at 11:30 this morning occur at 3:30 p.m. today and that all other provisions of the pre-vious unanimous consent agreement remain in place. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The time until 3:30 p.m. is now equal-ly divided. The Senator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Madam President, on this matter of repealing the Affordable Care Act, soon the Senate is going to vote on just whether or not to repeal the Affordable Care Act. I think it is important to note that this would walk back months and months of Republican promises to directly link repealing the Affordable Care Act with a replace-ment—a replacement that would im-prove coverage, lower premiums, and be better for the American people. In fact, the President of the United States said repeatedly over the last few months that these would be inex-tricably linked, that repeal and replace would go hand-in-hand. That is not what is on offer right now. What is on offer are specific changes that would actually harm Americans. For example, no more middle-class tax credits for healthcare—that is something that is critically important to the millions of middle-class folks who are walking on an economic tight-rope every month, balancing their food costs against their fuel costs, their fuel costs against their medical costs. I was struck this morning when I heard that, under this repeal approach, there is not going to be any real pain, that everything is just put off. Make no mistake about it. The pain for our families under this repeal measure is going to start right away. Nobody says they are going to be part of a market-place if they believe it is not going to exist in a few years. Seventeen million fewer Americans are going to have healthcare 1 year from now. An anal-ysis from the Congressional Budget Of-fice—and this is only a week old—said that half of the country will have zero insurance choices in the private mar-ketplace under this scheme. I would like to repeat that so people understand that, as to this idea that there is really no pain here and that nothing starts for a long time, the Con-gressional Budget Office—our non-partisan, impartial umpire—doesn’t agree with that. They said just last week that half of the country will have zero insurance choices in the private marketplace under this scheme. That goes up to 75 percent of Americans with no options in later years. So my view is that this is just legis-lative malpractice, first because of the pain and harm it is going to cause so many Americans. The Congressional Budget Office says that kind of misery is going to kick in quickly. Second—and I don’t think this has been discussed on the floor—this walks back months and months of Republican promises. The American people were told again and again that repeal and replace were going to be directly linked. The President said it multiple times. Then he went over the top and told people that they were going to have lower costs and better coverage. Mr. SANDERS. Madam President, will my friend from Oregon yield for a question? Mr. WYDEN. I am happy to yield to my friend. Mr. SANDERS. Madam President, our friend from Oregon is pointing out that this legislation would impact vir-tually every American because, in one way or another, we all interface with the healthcare system. I would ask my friend to confirm: This legislation would impact what percentage of the U.S. economy? Mr. WYDEN. I would say to my col-league, the ranking member of the Budget Committee, that we are talking about one-sixth of the American econ-omy. Mr. SANDERS. One-sixth of the American economy is over $3 trillion every single year. Now, when we are dealing with legis-lation that impacts virtually every American, over $3 trillion every year, would my friend from Oregon please tell me this—and I know that he is the ranking member of the Finance Com-mittee, and I am on the Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions Com-mittee: How many hearings have been held in the Finance Committee to dis-cuss the economic implications of this legislation? Were there five, ten? How many hearings on this enormously 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.013 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4238 July 26, 2017 
complicated and important issue have there been? Mr. WYDEN. My colleague is being logical, and heaven forbid that logic should be introduced into this, because we would automatically assume that on a matter like this—we are talking about one-sixth of the American econ-omy—the Senate Finance Committee would have hearings. There have been no hearings. Mr. SANDERS. No hearings? Mr. WYDEN. None. Mr. SANDERS. There have been no hearings on a bill that impacts one- sixth of the American economy and every single American. Now, let me ask my friend from Or-egon this. Obviously, before my Repub-lican colleagues would go forward on radical legislation like this that would throw some 32 million Americans off of the health insurance they have, they have obviously consulted with doctors and hospitals to get their views as to the impact this legislation would have on patients and hospitals all over America. What kind of testimony did the doc-tors make on this bill or the hospital administrators make? Mr. WYDEN. I can tell my colleagues that Senator M
URRAY and I, the two of us—the ranking member on the Budget Committee and I—have actually made public the overwhelming opposition from providers on this. So, in effect, providers and patients are standing to-gether in opposition to this. Mr. SANDERS. Right, so if my un-derstanding is correct—and I am quite sure it is—the American Medical Asso-ciation, which is not one of the great progressive groups in America but the group that represents the physicians in this country, A, they have not been able to make testimony. But, B, what is their view on this legislation? What do the doctors of America feel about this important legislation? Mr. WYDEN. They are opposed, as I have indicated. I think it is particu-larly important to see this provider-pa-tient partnership that this time is say-ing the patients come first and this bill hurts patients. Mr. SANDERS. But we have not heard yet from one doctor making pub-lic testimony at a hearing. Mr. WYDEN. That is correct. Mr. SANDERS. In other words, this bill is not saying to doctors: What will this mean to your patients? What hap-pens if 32 million people are thrown off of medication? How many of them will get sick? How many of them will die? No testimony. How about hospitals? What kind of testimony have we heard from hospital administrators, those in rural America, about the impact of this legislation on rural hospitals in Vermont and rural hospitals in Oregon? Mr. WYDEN. What I can tell my col-leagues is that, again, those hospitals have not been in front of the Finance Committee. One of the things I appreciate about so many colleagues on this side of the aisle is that they said: Well, if we are not going to hear from these providers, like the hospitals, in the committee, we are going to go out to the country and listen to them. I have had townhall meetings throughout rural Oregon, as my colleague Senator MERKLEY has had. The rural hospitals, which are the economic engines of so many rural communities, are opposed to this legis-lation. Mr. SANDERS. Let me ask my friend from Oregon: What kind of testimony have we heard as to the impact of this legislation on older working people, in terms of what it might mean in in-creased premiums? Have we heard much discussion? Has the AARP, which is strongly opposed to this legislation, been able to come forward at a public hearing and express their point of view? Mr. WYDEN. The AARP has also not been in front of the Senate Finance Committee. I want to say again that Senators have said: If they are not going to be in front of the Senate Fi-nance Committee, where we ought to actually hear testimony in line with the regular order, we are going to go out to the country and listen to AARP members and organizations. They are overwhelmingly opposed to this be-cause people between 55 and 64 would pay five times as much as younger peo-ple, and they would get fewer tax cred-its. Mr. SANDERS. Madam President, would my colleague please repeat that. I think it is important for older Ameri-cans to hear this. We had a candidate running for President of the United States by the name of Donald Trump, and he ran all over this country and said he was going to stand up for working families and he was going to stand up for the working class of this country. Please repeat what this legislation would mean if somebody were a 62- year-old worker in Vermont or in Or-egon. What kind of premium increases might he or she see? Mr. WYDEN. It is hundreds and hun-dreds of dollars and, in a number of in-stances, more. The reality is that I think they are going to have a lot of trouble getting coverage at all. The re-ality is, when you pour gasoline on the fires of uncertainty—and this is par-ticularly important right now as plans are thinking about signing up—that makes it more likely you aren’t going to have plans at all. The Congressional Budget Office has also found that the Paul legislation makes that worse. Mr. SANDERS. Now, while the AARP and other senior groups have not been able to testify, would my friend from Oregon tell me what their views are on this particular legislation because of its impact on older workers and seniors in general? Mr. WYDEN. While the senior groups have not been able to come before the Finance Committee to discuss this issue, I can say—and I have been work-ing with a number of these organiza-tions since my days with the Gray Pan-thers—that they are overwhelmingly opposed to this. I think, in particular, this idea that we heard from the Con-gressional Budget Office last week— that half of the country will have zero insurance choices in the private mar-ketplace under this repeal scheme, and that it goes up—will just cause even more seniors to be against it. Mr. SANDERS. But it is not only older workers because we have as an aging population more and more people in nursing homes. Would my friend from Oregon describe what happens under this legislation if somebody has a mom or a dad in a nursing home, struggling with Alzheimer’s or some other terrible illness? Mr. WYDEN. Under this legislation, you would have a massive rollback of the Medicaid Program. So for all of those older people who scrimped and saved all of their lives—they didn’t take that vacation; they tried to make sure they could educate their kids— Medicaid picks up the costs of two out of three nursing home beds in America. This legislation would produce a mas-sive rollback of the Medicaid Program, and I believe so many older people are going to find long-term care unaffordable—millions. Mr. SANDERS. I think it is impor-tant to repeat that because this is not something that I think most Ameri-cans are aware of. Medicaid now pays, as I understand it, for two out of three nursing home beds in this country; is that correct? Mr. WYDEN. That is correct. Mr. SANDERS. And a massive cut in Medicaid would be devastating to those families who have loved ones in nurs-ing homes? Mr. WYDEN. That is correct. It would be accompanied with further misery because it would leave the mil-lions suffering from opioid addiction with nowhere to turn for coverage as a result of this massive rollback in Med-icaid coverage under this amendment. Mr. SANDERS. I have asked my col-league from Oregon a little bit about some of the cruel and devastating im-pacts this legislation would have, but we have to be honest and acknowledge that there are some beneficiaries in this legislation as well. Would my friend describe the bene-ficiaries in the House bill, in par-ticular? While millions were thrown off of Medicaid, while 23 million people lost their health insurance, some peo-ple actually did gain from this bill, and we have to acknowledge that; is that true? Mr. WYDEN. Yes, the fortunate few would benefit under the House bill. There is no question about it. To give my colleagues an idea of how regressive those efforts are, they would actually be retroactive. So this idea that these tax cuts for the well-to-do were in some way going to create jobs is just absurd. They are made retro-active. So they aren’t going to be cre-ating jobs going forward. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.016 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4239 July 26, 2017 
Mr. SANDERS. Correct me if I am wrong, but my recollection is that in the House bill there were $300 billion in tax breaks going to the top 1 percent at exactly the same time that 23 million Americans were thrown off of their health insurance; is that correct? Mr. WYDEN. A few hundred families benefit so greatly that it could actu-ally cover Medicaid expansion in sev-eral States. Ms. STABENOW. Will the distin-guished Senator from Oregon allow me a question? This is a very, very important de-bate. On the point that my colleague just made, isn’t it correct that there is nothing in any of these versions that lowers the cost of prescription drugs, which is the No. 1 issue for people in this country, as it relates to healthcare, or for businesses? I hear it all the time. There is nothing in here to lower the cost of prescription drugs, but there are tax cuts in here for the prescription drug companies. Is that correct? Mr. WYDEN. That is correct. The special interests get very, very sub-stantial tax breaks. Those working- class people lose tax credits, so they actually lose, and, in effect, those dol-lars can be used for the tax cuts for the fortunate. Ms. STABENOW. There is nothing to go further to use the buying power with Medicare to negotiate prescrip-tion drugs or to allow, with safe FDA approval, for people in Michigan to be able to drive across a bridge to Windsor and be able to get the very same pre-scription drugs for 40 percent less. There is nothing in there about that, is that correct? Mr. WYDEN. There is nothing that would give Medicare bargaining power to make sure seniors get a better deal. There is nothing for the kind of effort our colleague from Vermont and Sen-ator K
LOBUCHAR have pursued, which would allow, under circumstances where there were safety precautions, for pharmaceuticals to come from other countries. There is nothing to go after pharmaceutical middlemen. So, yes, there is nothing in these bills to hold down the cost of pharmaceuticals. Mr. SANDERS. If I could, let me ask my colleagues from Oregon or Michi-gan maybe to speculate here. If the House bill were to be success-ful—and we are going to do everything in our ability to make sure it is not successful—and Medicaid were severely cut back, what do my colleagues think will eventually happen in the near fu-ture—not eventually, but in the short term, to programs like Medicare and Social Security? Would it be a reason-able assumption that this is the begin-ning of the effort on the part of the Koch brothers and Republicans in the Congress to begin dismantling vir-tually every Federal program that helps working people? Is it not true that the House Budget Committee has already passed legislation that would move toward voucherizing Medicare and privatizing it? Mr. WYDEN. My colleague is right. There is a very regressive effort going forward in the House, the House Budg-et Committee, and, clearly, this is to try to set up tax cuts for the fortunate few. I was struck by the fact that the President has talked about a 15-percent corporate rate. You lose $100 billion for every point you lower the corporate rate. The corporate rate is now 35 per-cent. If you move it to 15, that is $2 trillion that goes out the door. Yes, I am very troubled that the House effort plus this legislation is really an effort to begin the unraveling of America’s social safety net, and the funds that provide for those very vul-nerable people would be used for these additional tax breaks. Ms. STABENOW. I wonder if the Sen-ators are aware that in Michigan—and I share in the deep concerns of the Sen-ator from Vermont about those oppor-tunities that people have paid into, by the way. This is not free. This is not an entitlement. People pay into Medicare, pay into Social Security, which has lifted a generation of seniors out of poverty and allowed seniors and people with disabilities to live longer because of Medicare, and it has created a better quality of life—Medicaid, as well. There is a great success story in Michigan that I would share on the Medicaid front. Of course, three out of five Michigan seniors in nursing homes with Alzheimer’s or other kinds of challenges get their healthcare from Medicaid. In addition to Medicare, Medicaid is there for middle-class sen-iors, for low-income seniors, and so on. When our distinguished Senator from Oregon talks about dollars—saving dol-lars or costing dollars—an interesting thing has happened by setting up Healthy Michigan and expanding Med-icaid healthcare to minimum-wage working people. We are actually saving money. Ninety-seven percent of our children can now see a doctor in Michigan. That is great. They have cut in half the number of people who walk into the emergency room who can’t pay. We all pay if somebody walks in and gets the most expensive treatment through the emergency room. The State of Michigan will save $432 million in taxpayer money next year because they are focusing on children going to a doctor, people getting pre-ventive care, not using the emergency room. It saves money. Instead of doing these tax-cut provi-sions for the wealthiest and for the pharmaceutical companies that take dollars away, actually doing the right thing on healthcare in Michigan is a great success story for saving taxpayer dollars. Mr. WYDEN. I think my colleague is making an important point, as well as my friend from Vermont. Part of the reason that many Repub-licans want these tax cuts for the for-tunate few is arcane to people, pretty complicated. What they really want to do is get them now, to put them in the budget baseline in order to open up the opportunity when tax reform comes along to have even more tax breaks for the fortunate few. So, yes, Medicare and Medicaid are going to face real challenges. In fact, as my colleagues know, the Affordable Care Act had a modest addi-tional tax on people who earn over $250,000 a year, and it was to go just to Medicare. You see your paycheck—ev-eryone gets a paycheck—and the Medi-care tax is right on it. The only people under these Republican plans who would get the Medicare tax cut would be couples who make over $250,000 a year. When my colleague from Vermont asks ‘‘What does this mean for Medi-care?’’ it isn’t necessarily about some bill far off in the future. It is about right now. By the way, taking that money away—the money that comes just from the modest additional tax on couples over $250,000—reduces Medicare solvency by several years. It actually reduces Medicare solvency, which breaks yet another Trump promise not to in any way injure Medicare. Mr. SANDERS. I have a meeting that I have to get to. I want to summarize this. My friends from Oregon and Michigan can correct me if I am wrong. We are looking at a bill that came from the House and various proposals being introduced in the Senate, which essentially says that we are going to throw over 20 million Americans off of the health insurance they currently have. What I haven’t heard much dis-cussion about is what happens to some-one who today has health insurance and is struggling with cancer, maybe getting chemotherapy or radiation therapy right now. What happens to someone who is in treatment for diabe-tes? What happens to someone with a serious heart condition, who had a stroke and is on Medicaid? What hap-pens to those people when their health insurance is simply cut? Mr. WYDEN. Two points are raised by my colleague—very good points. First, in the immediate, those people will go to the hospital emergency room, which means that, once again, we are turning back the clock toward approaches that don’t provide better care at lower costs. I wish to also mention, when we are listening to folks at home—because they don’t get to testify here in the Senate—people appreciate the part of the Affordable Care Act that ensures their lifetime limits on what they can be charged by insurers. Almost all of these Republican bills create an ar-rangement where a State could waive that protection. Not only would people who are facing cancer and serious ill-nesses and probably have to go to the hospital emergency room a fair amount be hurt now, but people who have em-ployer-based coverage are going to be hurt in the future. So 160 million peo-ple don’t even know what is coming out. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.017 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4240 July 26, 2017 
Ms. STABENOW. If I might ask one final question, would my colleague agree that rather than this approach, in which we don’t even know, moment to moment, what we are voting on here—unlike what we did in the Fi-nance Committee in 2009, where there were 100 hearings in the Finance Com-mittee and the HELP Committee be-fore we even voted on anything on the Affordable Care Act. Rather than that process, we are looking at a situation where everything coming before us will take away healthcare for tens of mil-lions of people and raise costs on every-one. Would my colleague agree that it would be better to stop this process and go back to a bipartisan effort to lower costs and increase healthcare coverage? Would my colleague agree, as well, that we know that there are people paying too much for copays and premiums, and that needs to be ad-dressed? In the private marketplace, there is not enough competition among insur-ance companies. In some places, there are none in the individual market. We need to work together to lower costs, starting with prescription drugs, and to also continue to increase the oppor-tunity for people to get healthcare cov-erage. That is what we ought to be doing together and doing it in a thoughtful way and getting input and actually solving the real problems. Mr. WYDEN. My colleague has de-scribed how the Senate works best when she says: Look, bipartisanship is not about taking each other’s lousy ideas. Bipartisanship is about both sides getting together, having hear-ings, listening to all alternatives and ideas, and often coming up with some-thing no one has thought of. My colleague knows a lot about bi-partisanship in healthcare because my colleague was part of our effort in 2008 when we put together the first bipar-tisan universal coverage bill in the his-tory of the Senate—seven Democrats, seven Republicans. By the way, a num-ber of those Republicans are still serv-ing in the Senate today. We know that is a better path. To wrap up this portion of the de-bate, I wish to say to my colleagues that the best way to proceed is with a kind of two-part effort. The first is to say that we all agree the Affordable Care Act is not perfect. We are going to take steps immediately to stabilize the private insurance market. We have a number of our colleagues— Senator S
HAHEEN , with her effort to make sure people can get some help when they have deductibles and copay-ments; our colleague from Virginia, Senator K
AINE, with reinsurance; Sen-ator M
CCASKILL with a fine idea to help areas that are bare in terms of no cov-erage. We have to move to stabilize the private market quickly because at the end of August, the plans are essentially signing contracts for premiums for 2018. My colleague is absolutely right. We ought to knock off this partisan our- way-or-the-highway approach, move on a bipartisan basis to take steps to im-prove the Affordable Care Act now after we have hearings, input, and the opportunity to have people in front of the committees of jurisdiction. After that, we then move to the broader array of issues, starting with the im-mediate challenge my colleague has led on, which is clamping down on the cost of pharmaceuticals. You take steps to stabilize the market immediately, and then you move again in a bipartisan way on what our constituents are talk-ing about at every community meet-ing, which is that their Social Security checks, the benefits they get, aren’t coming close to keeping up with the rise in the cost of prescriptions. I thank my colleague for her very helpful questions and our colleague from Vermont, Senator SANDERS . I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Dakota. Mr. THUNE. Madam President, I don’t need to tell anyone why we are here. We are here because ObamaCare is fundamentally broken. That is clear. It is evident. Everybody knows that. A combination of soaring premiums and rapidly decreasing insurer partici-pation has left the law’s centerpiece— the healthcare exchanges—literally on the brink of collapse. Insurers are flee-ing. Nationwide, 141 insurers have reg-istered to offer plans on the exchanges in 2018, which represents a 38-percent drop from 2017, and that is on top of a nearly 30-percent drop in insurer par-ticipation from 2016 to 2017. If the trend of the past 2 years con-tinues, the final number of insurers of-fering plans on the exchanges in 2018 is likely to be roughly half the number that offered plans in 2016—a year ago. At least 40 counties around the country are likely to have no ObamaCare in-surer in 2018 and another 1,300-plus counties are likely to have just one choice of insurer. President Obama once said that shop-ping on the exchanges would be like buying a TV on Amazon. For a lot of people next year, it is going to be like shopping for a TV on Amazon, if Ama-zon only offered one brand of TV. Of course, for some people it is going to be like shopping for a TV on Amazon only to discover that Amazon has no TVs at all. Another thing ObamaCare was sup-posed to do was make health insurance more affordable. That hasn’t worked too well. Premiums on the exchanges have soared and soared again. Between 2013 and 2017, the average individual market monthly premium in the healthcare.gov States increased by 105 percent. How many families in this country can afford to have their health insurance premium more than double in just 5 years—and there is no end in sight. Here are some of the premium hikes insurers are proposing for 2018: In Maryland, one insurer has pro-posed an average premium increase of 52 percent; an Iowa insurer is seeking an average 43.5-percent premium in-crease; a North Carolina insurer is pur-suing an average 22.9-percent hike; a Virginia insurer is looking for an aver-age rate increase of 38 percent; a Dela-ware insurer is looking for an average rate hike of 33.6 percent; a Maine in-surer is seeking an average rate hike of 40 percent; and in New Mexico, one in-surer is seeking a rate increase of near-ly 80 percent. Again, those are rate hikes for just 1 year. That is after years of dramatic premium increases on the exchanges. Suffering under ObamaCare isn’t lim-ited to high premiums and decreasing choices. There are the Americans who have lost their healthcare plans, and the Americans who have lost access to the doctors they liked, the huge deductibles that left some Americans unable to use their insurance, and the ObamaCare tax hikes that have hurt small businesses and driven up the cost of health insurance. ObamaCare has failed. Americans are suffering. Doing nothing is not an op-tion. Yesterday we moved forward to debate legislation to provide relief to the millions of Americans who have been hurt by ObamaCare. We are going to have a full debate and give people a chance to help shape the final bill. I hope that at the end of the week, we will be able to pass a strong bill to start undoing the harm ObamaCare has caused. We owe the American people nothing less. We made a commitment to the American people; that if they elected us, we would do everything we could to give them relief from ObamaCare. It is time to make good on that promise. Chances to do away with damaging government programs don’t come around every day. Once you give the government power, it can be pretty hard to wrest it away. This week, we have the chance to start repealing a really bad government program. We need to take it. If we don’t act to help the American people, no one will. Democrats have made it clear that if they were in power, they would be dou-bling down on ObamaCare’s failures. The head of the Democratic Party in the U.S. Senate openly stated single- payer healthcare is on the table for Democrats. A number of colleagues on the Democratic side have proposed that legislation. An analysis of one of our Democratic colleague’s single-payer plan estimated that it would cost $32 trillion over 10 years. Well, that would require a tax hike so staggering the Washington Post pointed out that even the Senator who proposed it—an avowed Socialist—didn’t offer anything close to what would be needed to pay for it. We are the only hope Americans have of getting out from under ObamaCare’s burdens. This week, we have a chance to pass legislation to finally provide them with relief. I heard my colleagues get up and talk about the impact the proposed legislation that is before us 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.019 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4241 July 26, 2017 
would have on people across this coun-try and American workers. I have to say, I talked to a lot of rank-and-file, hard-working South Dakotans and South Dakota families who have been hit so hard by these premium in-creases. I talked to families—a mom and dad with two kids who are paying more than $2,000 a month in premiums to get insurance in the individual mar-ketplace. In my State of South Dakota, pre-miums since 2013—the last 5 years— have gone up 124 percent. They have literally doubled. Do you know what that means in South Dakota? That is almost a $3,600 increase in just the last 5 years. What average family who is trying to raise kids, trying to pay the bills, trying to save for retirement, trying to put something aside for col-lege education, trying to pay the mort-gage and the utility bill—how many families can put up with a healthcare bill that has gone up in the last 5 years by almost $3,600? That is a crisis. That is why we are here. Our colleagues on the other side want to turn a deaf ear and blind eye to what is happening out there. We can’t afford to do that because the status quo is unsustainable. There is abso-lutely no way the American people who are suffering under the harms caused by ObamaCare can continue to abide the status quo. It is up to us to take the steps that are necessary to move us in a different direction, a better path that brings sta-bility to the marketplace, that gives people more choices, more options, greater competition, and brings down premiums and deductibles and the costs that are driving family budgets through the roof. What we have seen since ObamaCare has been implemented are higher costs, higher taxes, and fewer options. It is as simple as that. That is what we are up against, and that is why it is time for us to act. I hope when we conclude this process at the end of this week—and we have an opportunity for everybody to offer their amendments—we will move forward with the bill and fulfill our promise to the American people. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Madam Presi-dent, I appreciate the remarks of my friend. I would simply note that nothing he has said explains why you would want to strip hundreds of millions of dollars out of Medicaid or why you want to deny coverage to elderly folks who get Medicaid support for their nursing homes, people who are in the throes of addiction getting medical support for opioid treatment, children are often born on Medicaid—why you want to do all that. Nor does it explain why you would want to give big tax breaks to the most well-off people in the country. Fine, let’s fix the markets, if that is the problem, but this isn’t really about that. This is stripping money out of Medicaid to give it to very wealthy people who are doing quite well al-ready, in my view. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Montana. Mr. DAINES. Madam President, Karen from Missoula County wrote to me about how her daughter can’t afford to buy insurance. ObamaCare imposes a tax penalty on Americans who don’t buy insurance. In fact, in 2014 and 2015 alone, they collected over $5 billion in fines. It turns out, this tax has hurt poor and middle-income Americans the worst. That is why I refer to this as ObamaCare’s ‘‘poverty’’ tax. For Karen from Missoula, paying ObamaCare’s poverty tax is cheaper for her so she pays the IRS a fine because she can’t afford healthcare insurance. Take Debbie from Roundup, MT. She lost her own healthcare insurance. She couldn’t afford the $1,700 per month premiums so she, too, was subject to ObamaCare’s poverty tax and was forced to pay the IRS. Take Mike from Kalispell, MT. He is concerned for his son who can’t afford a health insurance plan either. The poverty tax he is forced to pay to the IRS is expensive. It is hard to come up with money to pay it. There are Amer-ican families who can’t afford health insurance because of ObamaCare, and what does ObamaCare do? It fines them. This is adding insult to injury. These are just a few of the stories I have received from my constituents back home in Montana, where ObamaCare is doing more harm than good. Yes, it is doing some good, but it is doing more harm than good. In fact, 40 percent of the 34,250 Montanans who paid ObamaCare’s poverty tax made less than $25,000 a year; 80 percent made less than $50,000 a year. This is not a tax on the rich. In fact, just 3.4 percent make more than $100,000. This is a tax on the poor. Instead of helping these vulnerable Montanans to make ends meet, ObamaCare puts a poverty tax on them for being too poor to afford health in-surance. In fact, in Montana alone, they paid nearly $7.8 million to the IRS. This individual mandate—this poverty tax—is immoral. It is unfair. It is a tax on freedom. It needs to be re-pealed immediately, and these poverty taxes must be paid back to the poor who have paid them. Our friends across the aisle will say we want to get rid of taxes on the rich, but the rich aren’t paying this tax. The poor are paying this tax. I think the right thing to do—the handshake agreement we have back in Montana as Montanans, where a man or woman’s word is worth something—the right thing to do is, they should be paid back. That is why I will be offering an amendment on the floor when we de-bate. We should pay back this poverty tax to the poor who have paid it. The poverty tax is just one of the many problems of ObamaCare, and I look for-ward to continued debate. By the way, if you take this to the higher level here nationwide, nearly 8 million Americans have paid this pov-erty tax. As we looked at every State’s numbers, it all is about the same: Somewhere between 40 percent and 50 percent of those Americans make less than $25,000 a year. In Indiana, it is 176,000 Indianans. We have them for every State. Look at West Virginia. West Virginians, 45,000 have paid the poverty tax; 49 per-cent make less than $25,000 a year. Take North Dakota. We share, in Montana, the same fence line with North Dakota. They are our neighbor. Over 20,000 North Dakotans paid the poverty tax. North Dakotans paid $4.6 million, and 40 percent of them make less than $25,000 a year. Missouri: 143,000 Missourians paid the poverty tax, and nearly 48 percent of those Missourians make less than $25,000 a year. Wisconsin: 115,000 paid the poverty tax, and 45 percent make less than $25,000. I have a lot of other States. I would urge my colleagues to take a look at their respective States, and I ask: Can you look in the mirror and say we should be charging this poverty tax on those who make less than $25,000 a year? Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Ms. CANTWELL. Thank you, Madam President. I come to the floor—I know my col-league from Indiana, Senator D
ON-
NELLY , is going to be down here to talk a little bit about his motion, and I want to support him in that, along with the Senator from Pennsylvania, Mr. C
ASEY , because we are here to say we need to stop this war on Medicaid. Throughout this healthcare process, it has been very clear that there are many on the other side of the aisle who just want to cut or gut Medicaid. What we are saying is, if you are serious about protecting Medicaid and stop-ping the war on Medicaid, then you should support the Donnelly-Cantwell- Casey amendment, which would recom-mit the bill to the Finance Committee with instructions to strike the lan-guage about Medicaid. It would make sure a state can expand Medicaid Pro-gram, and it would say: Don’t cost- shift to the States. With this motion, we are saying to our Republican colleagues: We don’t want to cut people off of Medicaid. We want the committee to do exactly what the Republican Governors are saying, which is, quit beating up on Medicaid and focus instead on fixing the indi-vidual market. The individual market is 7 percent of the overall market for health insurance. What we have found with the expan-sion of Medicaid that has been done by both Democratic and Republican Gov-ernors is great success. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.020 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4242 July 26, 2017 
I hope my Republican colleagues will heed the warnings of our Nation’s Re-publican Governors and Democratic Governors. In June, a letter from seven bipartisan Governors was sent to Sen-ate leaders. This is a letter by the Gov-ernors of Ohio, Montana, Nevada, Lou-isiana, Colorado, Massachusetts, and Pennsylvania. It shows the diversity of both our Nation and political parties. It says: 
We believe that, first and foremost, Con-gress should focus on improving our nation’s private health insurance system. 
Then they say: 
Medicaid provisions included in this bill [that has been proposed by the House] are particularly problematic. Instead, we rec-ommend Congress address factors we can all agree need fixing. 
So the message was clear from these Governors, including Republican Gov-ernors, and I hope my colleagues will listen to them. The Nation’s Governors know because they have had to provide and be a partner on Medicaid for their citizens. They know how it affects their economy, and they know what it does when families in their States get access to healthcare. It reduces the bankruptcy rate. It helps people stay employed. It boosts GDP. All of these things are benefits of Medicaid expan-sion that we have seen in Washington State. It cut the uncompensated care cost in half. It also resulted in the cre-ation of new jobs. A nonpartisan study found that if the current bill we are debating, the House bill, is passed, state economies will shrink by $93 billion. So pulling the rug out from under Medicaid recipients would hurt jobs and hurt economies in Nevada, Alaska, and West Virginia. West Virginia would lose more than 10,000 jobs, more than $1 billion in gross State product, and more than $1.7 billion in business output. Nevada would lose 3,300 healthcare jobs and Alaska would lose 2,600. So all of these things are ways for us to say: If you are serious now—before you go home for the August recess— about protecting Medicaid and stop-ping this ridiculous war on Medicaid, vote for our motion. Stand up and say you understand that we may have chal-lenges in the individual market, but it doesn’t mean that we should cut people off of access to healthcare through Medicaid. I thank the Presiding Officer. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). Who yields time? If no one yields time, time will be charged equally to both sides. The Senator from Indiana. Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, I rise today to offer a motion that would pro-tect Medicaid, the Medicaid expansion, and the Healthy Indiana Plan—known as HIP 2.0—in my home State of Indi-ana. I first want to thank my colleagues for their support of this motion. I am proud to have Senators C
ASEY , CANT-
WELL , B LUMENTHAL , L EAHY , B ROWN , HARRIS , HASSAN , FRANKEN , FEINSTEIN , U
DALL , S HAHEEN , C ARPER , C OONS , W
HITEHOUSE , KAINE, VANHOLLEN , COR-
TEZMASTO , BALDWIN , MENENDEZ , REED, D
UCKWORTH , MANCHIN , MARKEY , STABE -
NOW, DURBIN , W YDEN , M URPHY , W AR-
REN, GILLIBRAND , CARDIN , KLOBUCHAR , H
EINRICH , H IRONO , B OOKER , P ETERS , W
ARNER , and N ELSON as supporters of this effort. I also want to extend a special thank- you to my friend Senator B
OBCASEY of Pennsylvania. Senator C
ASEY has been a tireless advocate for protecting the Medicaid Program and the critical services it provides, not just to the people of Pennsylvania but to millions of Americans across our beloved coun-try. Senator C
ASEY has done incredible work to remind all Americans of the important role Medicaid plays in our communities and the millions of chil-dren, families, students, and seniors who have coverage through Medicaid. My motion is simple. It would send this bill back to the Finance Com-mittee to get the consideration it never received, and it would require the committee to strike provisions that reduce or eliminate benefits for those currently eligible for Medicaid, prevent States from expanding Med-icaid, or shift costs to States to cover that care. In my State of Indiana, we have seen the success of a bipartisan approach to expanding the Medicaid Program and helping our fellow citizen access health insurance. I was proud to work with then-Indiana Governor and now-Vice President M
IKEPENCE when he used the Affordable Care Act to establish HIP 2.0. More than 400,000 Hoosiers have been able to access coverage through HIP 2.0, many for the first time in their lives. HIP 2.0 has helped reduce the uninsured rate in Indiana by 30 percent. Our Vice President called HIP 2.0—that is the Medicaid expansion in Indiana—a national model. Then-Governor P
ENCE is hardly the only Republican Governor to praise the Medicaid expansion as a way to cover more of our citizens. Governor Sandoval of Nevada said just yesterday that he ‘‘will continue to do all I can to protect the thousands of Nevadans whose lives are healthier and happier as a result of the expansion of Med-icaid.’’ Governor Kasich of Ohio has of-fered similar sentiments as he has fought to protect the Medicaid cov-erage for his State. Nationwide, 31 States and Wash-ington, DC, expanded coverage to more than 14 million Americans, many of whom have health insurance for the first time in their lives. All of that progress is at risk with the current bill. Many of our States, including Indi-ana, have been devastated by the opioid abuse and heroin use epidemics. This public health crisis hasn’t been confined to simply one neighborhood or one economic bracket; it has been felt in communities across my State and all communities across our country. Vice President PENCE said in his fare-well address as Governor: ‘‘With HIP 2.0, we have also made great strides ex-panding treatment for those who strug-gle in the grip of drug addiction.’’ I agree with the Vice President. HIP 2.0 and the Medicaid expansion have made treatment and recovery services more accessible for thousands of Americans struggling with addiction as they work to get back on their feet. I don’t think there is a single Mem-ber of this entire body—the U.S. Sen-ate—who hasn’t heard from the rel-ative of someone who is battling addic-tion or from someone who has lost a loved one due to this epidemic. Gutting Medicaid and ending programs like HIP 2.0 as we know them would not make life better for Hoosiers or for the other 14 million Americans who have gained coverage through the Medicaid expan-sion. It would actually do the opposite. Too often, this debate has been about statistics and not about the people who would be harmed. But healthcare, at the end of the day, is inherently per-sonal. It is about the health and the economic well-being of our loved ones. It is about not having to go to the ER just to visit a doctor. It is about our fi-nancial security so our families and our friends aren’t one illness away from bankruptcy. The proposal before us wouldn’t just impact Medicaid expansion; it would harm millions of working Americans who count on Medicaid for basic healthcare. It would affect more fami-lies than that, including those families who have insurance through their jobs but also use Medicaid to access care for chronic or complex conditions. In 2015, 63 percent of Medicaid house-holds had at least one full-time worker, and another 14 percent had part-time workers. That is almost 80 percent. For these hard-working Americans, Med-icaid provides their families with fi-nancial security and stability and the healthcare they need so they can keep working. Last month I stood on this floor and shared the stories of Hoosiers, includ-ing those who have Medicaid for them-selves or to ensure that their children have the care they need. I have met with these families and heard their struggles, their fears, and their pain. I have listened as they pleaded with all of us here to protect their ability to ac-cess Medicaid. Many of these Hoosiers or their children are struggling with very complex medical needs that made it impossible for them to get coverage in the past. They would be priced out of the market under this current legis-lation. I cannot support a bill that takes care away from these families or from their children. My faith teaches me that we are all God’s children, and every man, woman, and child should have the chance to live up to their God-given potential. There is nothing we wouldn’t do to take care of our kids. These aren’t just Indiana values. These are values in every town in every corner of our coun-try. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.022 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4243 July 26, 2017 
My faith also teaches me that we all deserve to live, work, and retire with dignity. In Indiana, 62 percent of Hoo-sier nursing home residents use Med-icaid to help pay for their care. Accord-ing to the Kaiser Family Foundation, Medicaid supports more than 1.4 mil-lion Americans in nursing homes across our country. Their care would be threatened by this bill, which is part of why seniors’ groups have been so vocal in their opposition to the pro-posed Medicaid cuts in this bill. I have also heard from a number of school superintendents all across my State opposing the Medicaid cuts be-cause of the harm it would cause to the thousands of students across the Hoo-sier State. Schools use Medicaid fund-ing for certain health-related services they provide, including individualized education plans, special transportation for children with disabilities, social workers, physical and occupational therapists, and medical equipment at the schools. Some school districts use Medicaid to help pay for health professionals or for full-time registered nurses at schools across the country, where they assist students with complex medical needs and treat students with every-thing from illnesses to asthma attacks. As school districts and local govern-ments across the country continue to make even more difficult budget choices, cutting off this critically im-portant source of funding creates just one more huge challenge. In addition to trying to make up the lost funding, our communities and States could be impacted in other areas as well, includ-ing infrastructure, other education spending, police and fire, and other local priorities. The plan from my friends across the aisle undermines coverage for millions, but we haven’t even had a hearing on their proposal. Committees haven’t been able to go through regular order to examine the merits of Medicaid and the Medicaid expansion and how gut-ting them would harm millions of peo-ple—children with really complex med-ical conditions, those struggling with substance abuse disorders, and seniors in nursing homes trying to live with dignity and peace. My motion sends this bill back to the Finance Committee to ensure that we are protecting those Americans who are the most vulnerable among our so-ciety. It would allow us to move to-ward strengthening healthcare for our country. If you believe we should support chil-dren and families with complex med-ical conditions, then you should sup-port this motion. If you want to pro-tect the 1.4 million seniors using Med-icaid for nursing home care, then you should vote for this motion. If you want to continue the progress we have made fighting the opioid abuse and her-oin use epidemics, then I ask for your vote in this effort. I firmly believe we can improve healthcare and build upon the gains we have made if we work together—not as Democrats or as Republicans but as Senators and Americans—in a bipar-tisan manner. This is not a political game. The consequences are as serious as it gets, and the American people are counting on us. I urge my colleagues to support this motion. Thank you, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. I thank the Pre-siding Officer, and I want to start by thanking my friend and our colleague, Senator J
OEDONNELLY , for standing up for Hoosiers and, in standing up for Hoosiers, standing up for all Americans whose healthcare is threatened if we continue to proceed down this very dangerous road in the Senate. He talked about the opioid epidemic. Just last week I met with a dad by the name of Rick Warner and the brother and sister of a young man by the name of Jamie Warner who had recently graduated from the University of Maryland. He was a Terp. Jamie died of an opioid overdose. He was part of the opioid epidemic that is sweeping the country. Rick Warner and his family were here in the Senate ask-ing Senators—in fact, pleading with Senators, Republicans and Democrats alike—not to pass this healthcare bill. He had lost his son Jamie, and he is determined that other moms and dads not lose their children to opioid over-dose. This bill—make no mistake—will make those tragedies much more like-ly by taking away access to care in the way Senator D
ONNELLY just mentioned. Yesterday, with the tie-breaking vote of Vice President P
ENCE , the Senate began down a very dangerous path, but we can get off that path. We can make sure we do not reach the end of that very dangerous journey. It was as if yesterday we lit the fuse and the fire is traveling down that fuse and at the end of the fuse is the plan to totally blow up the Affordable Care Act, which will wreak havoc on our healthcare system. That is why we have to put out the fire on that fuse right here in the Senate. We have the power to do that. We have the power to prevent the chaos and harm that will be created in our healthcare system if we continue down this path. The reality, we know, is that all the healthcare plans that we have seen emerge to date—whether it was House plan 1 or House plan 2, or Senate plan 1 or Senate plan 2, or the proposal to repeal entirely the Affordable Care Act, which would cause great harm— have the same rotten core. All of them have the same nasty DNA, and that is this: They would deny access to afford-able care for tens of millions of our fel-low Americans in order to give tax breaks to the very powerful and very rich and to big corporations. In fact, the proposal we are voting on very soon, which is entirely repealing the Affordable Care Act with no replace-ment, will result, according to the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office— these are the nonpartisan referees who look at these proposals and tell the American people what the impact will be—in 32 million fewer of our fellow Americans having access to affordable care than today. They also tell us that we will double the health insurance premiums compared to today. And for what? They give a gigantic tax break to the wealthiest Americans. Warren Buffett, a name most Ameri-cans know, said about a month ago: For goodness’ sake, I don’t need a $670,000 a year tax cut in order to throw tens of millions of Americans off of af-fordable care. Don’t do that. I don’t need it. Make no mistake. This has never been about healthcare. It has been about wealth care. I want people to think about this. If this were really about healthcare, why is it that all of the folks involved in providing healthcare to the American people are against it—the nurses, doctors, and hospitals? People hear a lot of facts and figures from Senators and from the House. Some people may dismiss those num-bers, but why don’t we ask the people whose daily business it is to take care of the American people? What the doc-tors say is that all of these Republican plans violate their Hypocratic oath. What is the Hypocratic oath? It is the oath that every doctor in the country takes and the first principle is to first, do no harm. Doctors, nurses, and hospitals all want to make people better. They all want to cure us. They all want to im-prove our health situation, but their No. 1 rule is not to make things worse, and all of these bills make things worse. That is what the numbers show us, and that is what the doctors, hos-pitals, and nurses show us. I think it is worse to have 32 million fewer Ameri-cans have access to affordable care. What about our colleagues? Don’t they think that is worse? I think it is worse when you double health insur-ance premiums and raise the cost of healthcare to Americans. That sounds like it is worse to me, not better. It is not just all the folks who pro-vide healthcare. Why don’t we ask all of the patient advocacy groups across America about this so-called healthcare bill? What do they say? The American Cancer Society: Bad bill—don’t pass it. It will create harm. It will be a setback in our fight against cancer. The American Diabetes Association says the same thing: Bad news for pa-tients with diabetes. The American Heart Association tells us that this will be bad and harm-ful to people with heart disease. There is the Alzheimer’s association, and we can go down the list. Every sin-gle patient advocacy group in America that has taken a position on this bill says it is a bad bill, it is dangerous to our health, and it will do harm. So I don’t know how our Republican colleagues can bring Senate bill 1, Sen-ate bill 2, or Senate bill 3 before this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.024 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4244 July 26, 2017 
House and call it a healthcare bill when all the people who provide healthcare to our constituents say it is harmful to their health and when every patient advocacy group that has weighed in says that it is bad for their health. How is that a healthcare bill? It is good for one group of Ameri-cans—those who will get a windfall tax break, but many of them, like Warren Buffett, are saying: Hey, I don’t want this. Now there are some very big corpora-tions that are wanting their tax breaks, and, yes, as corporations, they are going to get this windfall benefit at the expense of everybody else in Amer-ica and at the expense of our healthcare system. So let’s not go down this path. The way to avoid going down this path is to vote down all of these amendments and make sure that we don’t put this bill into the House of Representatives, where they have already passed a bill that is harmful to Americans’ health. In fact, I think people will remember that President Trump had this big cele-bration in the Rose Garden of the White House after the House passed that bill. They were slapping each other on their backs before the cam-eras. Yet, behind closed doors, what did President Trump have to say about the House bill? Behind closed doors, he called it a mean bill, and it is a mean bill. These Senate bills, when it comes to cuts in Medicaid that our colleague Senator D
ONNELLY was talking about, are even meaner than the House bill, with deeper long-term cuts. This is not according to me. It is according to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Of-fice. Those cuts get translated into stories of people like Rick Warner, the dad I talked about at the beginning of my comments who lost his son Jamie. Those numbers get translated into harm to people throughout this coun-try who have been crying out. We heard some of them in the Gallery just yesterday. What did they say? ‘‘Kill the bill. Don’t kill us.’’ The reality is, when you deny access to affordable care to millions of Ameri-cans, you are putting their lives at risk, and when you raise premiums and costs, you are putting people’s liveli-hoods at risk. So let’s not go down this path. The motion by Senator D
ONNELLY  and others will do what Senator J
OHN M
CCAINasked us to do yesterday—to go back to regular order, to go back to the committee process, to go back to the way this democratic institution is supposed to work, which is when we hear from our constituents, we hear from the doctors, we hear from the nurses. We do not cover our eyes and ears to the facts and the truth. That open process is designed to pro-tect the American people. It is de-signed to protect the American people from bills just like this one for which this Senate took that dangerous first step down the road on proposals that only 11 percent of the American people think is a good idea—11 percent. I can-not even find that 11 percent myself. I have gone all over the State of Mary-land, to those parts of our State that voted for Donald Trump for President and to those that did not. I cannot find 11 percent in Maryland who are for this bill. That is why what we call the reg-ular order around here is supposed to protect the public interest—because when you have a committee hearing on a bill like this and the doctors and the nurses and the hospitals all come out and testify against it, they let people know how bad it is. Instead, we have had this process in secret, behind closed doors. In many cases, we do not even know what the next amendments after this one that is coming up are going to be. We do not know what the Republican leader is cooking up behind closed doors. Let’s do what Senator MCCAINurged us all to do. Let’s get back to regular order. Let’s get back to a process that is designed to provide transparency be-cause with transparency comes ac-countability. It lets the American pub-lic know exactly what we are doing and how we are going to impact their lives. Here is what I do know. Everybody across this country who knows about this bill—everyone I have spoken to and from the phone calls we are getting and the emails we are getting and at the rallies and the townhalls—is catch-ing on. Why would we just steamroll over all of that important public senti-ment coming from all political views? The American Cancer Society is not a Republican or a Democratic organiza-tion. The American Diabetes Associa-tion is not partisan. These groups are crying out and saying: Stop. So let’s get off this path, this very dangerous path. Let’s get back to reg-ular order. We all know our healthcare system is not perfect. We all know the Affordable Care Act is not perfect. Sen-ator D
ONNELLY and I and others and many of our Republican colleagues have put forward much more narrow plans that focus on improving our healthcare system, not on blowing it up entirely. That is the path we should take. I hope all of our Senators will agree not to continue to let that fire burn on the fuse until it gets to the end and blows up our healthcare system. Let’s stop now. Let’s get together, and let’s have a committee process. Let’s do something that really improves our healthcare system and not something that destroys it. Thank you, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Who yields time? If no one yields time, time will be di-vided equally between both sides. The majority whip. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I am ad-vised we are not in a quorum call. Is that correct? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator is correct. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, yester-day we took a giant step toward deliv-ering on our promise to the American people to provide relief from the fail-ures of the Affordable Care Act, other-wise known as ObamaCare. Over the last 7 years, we have dis-cussed what our solution would look like, and everybody who has been will-ing to participate in that conversa-tion—sadly, not our Democratic col-leagues, who simply refuse to do so, but every Member of our conference— has engaged in discussions and has had input on how best to accomplish the goal of providing people affordable cov-erage, increased access, market sta-bility, and better care. We can talk about all of the details, but basically what this boils down to is how to provide people with access to quality, affordable health care. I know some of our friends across the aisle thought the Affordable Care Act was it, but it failed. It started with the prom-ises that were made by President Obama when he sold this to the Amer-ican people, saying: If you like your policy, you can keep your policy; if you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor. He said that premiums would go down $2,500 for a family of four, none of which have proved to be true— none of which have proved to be true. Now we find that in many parts of the country, insurance companies are pulling out, limiting if not denying al-together people’s access to coverage within the exchanges. We know what has happened to premiums. Since 2013, they have gone up 105 percent nation-ally—a 105-percent increase in pre-miums. People find that their deductibles are so high that they effectively are self- insured. They have been denied the benefit of their own insurance. Nomi-nally, they may have insurance, but the fact is, if you go to the hospital, you are going to be responsible person-ally for what is not covered by that de-ductible. Even our colleagues across the aisle admit that ObamaCare has failed to provide stable access to insurance mar-kets, but their solution has been to pay more money to insurance companies. I would call that an insurance company bailout without any reform, without any changes in the basic structure of ObamaCare, which has caused this fail-ure. What we have tried to do on this side of the aisle—and we have repeatedly in-vited our Democratic colleagues to join us because optimally this would be a bipartisan effort, but so far they have refused to participate whatsoever and really are focused solely on trying to blow up the current process. What we have said we want to accom-plish are four things. We want to sta-bilize the insurance markets. We want to bring premiums down so they are more affordable. We want to protect people with preexisting conditions. We want to put Medicaid—the safety net for low-income Americans—on a sus-tainable path. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.025 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4245 July 26, 2017 
Of course, as you might imagine with something as complex as healthcare, we have had a number of opinions on how best to achieve these goals. Even as approaches and ideas have differed, one thing has remained constant: the belief that the status quo is simply un-acceptable. It is unacceptable. Take, for example, one of my con-stituents in Texas, who wrote me re-cently to say that his monthly insur-ance premium under the Affordable Care Act had nearly tripled, to $690, and his deductible, to my earlier point, went from $1,500 to $6,000. I don’t know many people—unless they happen to be well-to-do—who can afford to absorb those sorts of in-creases in premiums and deductibles. Because his coverage went from a PPO, a preferred provider organization, to an HMO, a health maintenance organiza-tion, some of his doctors are no longer in the network, forcing him to switch healthcare providers entirely. This story is certainly not unique. It is typical. This is the norm under the Affordable Care Act. I often hear from Texans who would rather drop their coverage and pay the costly fine rather than have to pay for insurance that will cost them more and more each month, which they can’t afford. Here is a telling statistic. More than 400,000 Texans who earn less than $25,000 a year have decided to pay the penalty rather than to be forced to buy the insurance they can’t afford, so many of them pay the penalty because of the individual mandate in the Af-fordable Care Act. They are left with nothing, other than having to pay the penalty as required by the law. That is not a solution. That is why I hope that someday we can get out of this rut and off of the talking points on each side and say: What can we do to try to pro-vide people access to affordable health care? That is the key. People are going to make their own decisions based on their own economic self-interest. If you are a young person, you might decide: What I would like to do is to buy a policy that will cover me in emergency circumstances if I have to go to the hospital, but I don’t want to have to pay for all the bells and whistles that raise the price. You can’t do that under the Affordable Care Act and take advantage of the tax subsidies that everybody else can. It is basically a false promise. I also heard from another small busi-ness owner in Donna, TX, who was forced to fire four employees just to comply with the employer mandate or otherwise owe the government more than $100,000 in fines that he said could bankrupt his business. Those are the kinds of decisions that ObamaCare is forcing. Rather than hire enough peo-ple—or if you have more than 50—you decide you need to fire people in order to avoid these penalties that come from the employer mandate. That is not good for the economy. That is not good for the job prospects of hard- working Texans. I shared the story of a constituent in Needville, TX, who, after a 50-percent increase in his monthly premiums, still lost his doctor because the doctor wouldn’t accept his ObamaCare plan. Then there is the emergency room employee in North Texas, who wrote me to say that she has seen a signifi-cant increase in the Medicare and Med-icaid patients in the emergency room because fewer and fewer doctors would accept these patients. In my State, only about one-third of doctors will accept a new Medicaid pa-tient because it pays at such a low rate. We have a better idea that will make people up to 350 percent of the Federal poverty level eligible for a tax credit they can use to buy private in-surance, which will increase their ac-cess to care and make it more afford-able. We have coupled that with some-thing called the innovation and sta-bility fund, in which we have taken the authority out of Washington and sent it back to the States to let Governors and State legislators and regulators at the local level design policies that meet the needs of the people in the States. The basic structural failure of ObamaCare was to assume that you could write a one-size-fits-all plan for 320 million-plus people that would work. It hasn’t. We know that. That is not speculation; this is based on experi-ence. I know my colleagues across the aisle have heard similar stories from their constituents, as well, but apparently they don’t seem to care very much about that. Otherwise, they would join with us in trying to improve the status quo, which they have refused so far to do. One thing about the procedure that we are undertaking here is that any Senator who wants to offer an amend-ment to improve the bill or even offer a complete substitute to the bill is en-titled to do so, and they will get a vote on that. Our colleagues on the Demo-cratic side, despite hearing from their own constituents that they are hurting as a result of the status quo, appear not willing to lift a finger to help them. Indeed, the only proposal I have heard from the other side—I have heard two. One is an insurance company bail-out, which does nothing to effect re-forms that would ultimately address the structural problems with ObamaCare or else they say: We want to have a single-payer system, which will bankrupt the country. Those are their solutions. On Monday, I noted that in an effort to try to unite their deeply divided party after last year’s elections, our Democratic colleagues unveiled an eco-nomic agenda aimed at, they say, lift-ing up lower and middle-class Ameri-cans. That is an admirable goal. If Democrats are really serious about helping lower and middle-income Americans, one glaring and immediate action they could take is to join us in alleviating the burdens placed on these very same folks by ObamaCare—the types of people I have been talking about back in Texas, whom I know exist in their States as well. If the Democratic leader refuses to help get rid of one of the biggest eco-nomic burdens on lower and middle-in-come Americans, then his plan is not worth the paper it is printed on. What they are offering is false hope. Unless you are willing to deal concretely with the problem here and now, that is just another campaign promise—one they will not be able to keep until they ad-dress what the failures of the Afford-able Care Act have imposed on low- and middle-income Americans. Simply stated, ObamaCare is a failed experiment. It has failed because Wash-ington has tried to do too much at the expense of individual choices, indi-vidual liberties, and family control over what are deeply personal deci-sions. With each day that passes, ObamaCare keeps getting worse. The premiums for 2018 will soon be an-nounced by the insurance companies, and we are going to see double-digit in-creases again, over and above what ObamaCare has seen so far—105-percent increases since 2013 alone—on top of that. After yesterday’s vote, we now have the opportunity to provide relief from this failed law. I know Members have a lot of ideas about how to fix the mess that ObamaCare has left us, but that was precisely why it was so important for us to get on the bill yesterday, so Members on both sides of the aisle can offer amendments and share their ideas. Do you know how many Democrats voted to get on the bill and begin the debate and offer amendments? Zero, zip, nada. Their protestations that they somehow want to do things on a bipartisan basis really have fallen flat, as demonstrated by their own failure to act. If they were really interested in working with us to do something on a bipartisan basis, why wouldn’t they take advantage of this opportunity to do so? Last night we began the process of considering amendments, including one from my colleague in Texas, Senator C
RUZ, who has a plan to provide people who choose a lower cost premium in-surance product the opportunity to do so, as long as the State also requires a comprehensive plan as well. This is something that is ideal for many peo-ple who want an insurance safety net but don’t necessarily want their health insurance to pay for their regular med-ical expenses or doctor visits. They can handle those through a health savings account or some other way. Later today we will continue to work toward bringing relief to millions of Americans suffering from the failure of ObamaCare. Yesterday was a big step toward ending ObamaCare and the first step toward ending the mandates, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.028 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4246 July 26, 2017 
penalties on low- and middle-class Tex-ans who are having to choose between buying unaffordable insurance or pay-ing a penalty that their government is forcing them to pay. We are going to end that. We are going to end the job-killing employer mandate, which is forcing employers either to lay people off or not hire additional people because they don’t want to run into the additional costs required by the employer man-date. Then there is the single mom, whom I met in Tyler, TX, a few years back. She said: I want to work full time. I want to work at least 40 hours a week, but the restaurant where I work fig-ured out that if they put me on part time, 29 hours a week, then they wouldn’t be required to meet the man-dates of the Affordable Care Act. What this single mother, who wanted to work full time, was forced to do be-cause of ObamaCare was to work part time. Do you know what? She can’t make it on 29 hours a week, so she has to get two jobs. Effectively, she had to go from 40 hours a week doing a job she enjoyed, which helped her pay the bills, to working two jobs in order to make ends meet. We can and we should do better, and we invite our colleagues across the aisle to join us, if they will. People keep talking about a secret process. Well, this is about as open and transparent as it gets. Everybody will have an opportunity to offer an amend-ment, to discuss what is in the amend-ment, and to vote on it. To the extent that the Senate’s work product differs from what the House of Representa-tives provides us, we can go to a con-ference and work out those differences. That is how the legislative process is supposed to work. Sitting on your hands and complaining about some-thing while offering no effort to try to help solve the problem simply boils down to hollow words. Unfortunately, that is all we have been hearing so far. We hope our colleagues will change their minds and join us. Insurance bail-outs with reform are not the answer, a single-payer system is not the answer because it will bankrupt the country, but we are more than happy to enter-tain any reasonable proposal from our colleagues across the aisle. We will guarantee they get a chance to debate it and to have a vote on their amend-ment. I don’t think they could ask for anything more. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The Senator from New Hamp-shire. Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, as we all know, we are continuing to debate what amounts to repealing the Afford-able Care Act without any indication of what is going to replace it—what is actually in the Republican leader’s bill. I think this is worth repeating be-cause we are talking about changing one-sixth of the U.S. economy, impact-ing every American family, and yet we still have no idea what the bill actually is. We do know this. A partisan bill to take away health insurance from tens of millions of Americans, written be-hind closed doors, opposed by every healthcare stakeholder group and by an overwhelming majority of the American people should not pass the Senate. As I have repeatedly said, the only constructive way forward is for Demo-crats and Republicans to come to-gether in a good-faith, bipartisan effort to repair and strengthen the current law. Bipartisanship should not be our last resort, as Senator MCCONNELL has suggested. It should be a starting point. It should be the foundation of what we do in this body. This is how the great majority of the American people want us to conduct the Senate’s business. This is what I hear from my constituents in New Hampshire, and this is especially true with healthcare legislation which affects families all across this country. Make no mistake, every bill proposed by the Republican leadership has been designed as a bullet to the heart of the Affordable Care Act. Republican pro-posals will collapse the individual mar-ketplaces, make it impossible to pro-vide affordable coverage for people with preexisting conditions, and take healthcare coverage away from up to 32 million Americans, including the most vulnerable. I hope nobody is fooled by this latest partisan measure to roll back the Af-fordable Care Act and take healthcare coverage away from tens of millions of Americans. I hope every Senator will, at long last, heed Senator M
CCAIN’s call for bipartisanship—as we have been hearing at townhalls and in countless messages from our constitu-ents. The American people want us to make commonsense, bipartisan changes to the current law. We need to work together to build on the strengths of the Affordable Care Act, which has dramatically reduced the number of uninsured Americans and has given us valuable tools for fighting the opioid epidemic which is ravaging so many communities in America. This is the best way forward for both the Senate and our country. Republican leaders have spent the last 7 months pushing deeply unpopu-lar bills to repeal the Affordable Care Act, including their effort to dramati-cally cut Medicaid—not just the expan-sion of Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act but the Medicaid Program that has done so much to protect and provide healthcare for children across this country, for pregnant women, for those with disabilities and older Amer-icans, so many of whom are in nursing homes who would lose that care if we dramatically cut the Medicaid Pro-gram as the Republican proposals have tried to do. At the recent National Governors As-sociation meeting, Democratic and Re-publican Governors alike urged Con-gress to reject the Republican leaders’ healthcare bill—in particular, its harsh and unsustainable cuts to Medicaid. The Republican Governor, John Ka-sich, was especially forceful in urging Members of Congress to work together to find bipartisan solutions. He urged Congress to give first priority to stabi-lizing the healthcare marketplaces. We should listen to the Governors, but most importantly we should listen to our constituents—to the great ma-jority of our constituents who want to preserve what is working in the Afford-able Care Act and see us change what is not working. Instead of legislation to take healthcare away from people, it is time now for an inclusive, bipartisan approach to provide quality, affordable healthcare for every American. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The as-sistant Democratic leader. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, yester-day, on the floor of the Senate, there was a speech which will be remembered for a long time. Our friend and col-league Senator JOHN MCCAINcame to the floor just days after he had been di-agnosed with a serious cancer chal-lenge. He made the trip from Arizona to Washington to vote on the floor on this healthcare debate, then asked for 15 minutes of time afterward to speak to the Senate. Of course, he was given that opportunity. During the time that we learned about his diagnosis and he was home, virtually every one of us sent our per-sonal best wishes to him and his fam-ily. Our love and respect for J
OHN M
CCAINis deeply felt in the U.S. Sen-ate, and virtually everyone stayed on the floor to hear his speech. Look around the floor now. There aren’t many people, right? As good as my speech may be, it is not going to touch the quality of what John delivered yes-terday. I wanted to be here for it and so did my colleagues on the Demo-cratic side and on the Republican side. J
OHNsaid a lot about who we are and what we are in the U.S. Senate. Fewer than 2,000 individuals, in the history of the United States of America, have had the honor to stand here and speak on the floor of the Senate. This is a rare opportunity. For many of us, it is a dream come true and one we couldn’t imagine, but what J
OHNsaid yesterday, to summarize part of his statement, is that we ought to understand our re-sponsibilities, as well, as Senators. We ought to be honest about what we now face in America when it comes to the political discourse, the political de-bate. What we face now is a divided country, a divided Senate, divided House, and yet a yearning by all Amer-icans for us to step up and do some-thing; make America a better nation; help America’s families, the workers, the businesses; step forward and solve a problem. J
OHN reminded us yesterday that to do that, we needed to move to what he called the regular order. It may not mean much to those who are just watching this debate and don’t follow the Senate closely, but the reg-ular order is to introduce a bill into 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.029 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4247 July 26, 2017 
the Senate, send it to a committee, have the committee staff review it, ex-perts take a look at it, call for a com-mittee hearing so the American people can see what is in the bill, debate the back-and-forth at the hearing, then have members offer amendments— changes. Some will win, some will lose. Then the bill can come to the floor of the Senate for a similar process. It is an open, public process. That is what regular order is, and that is what J
OHN M
CCAINspoke to. Let me, at this point, quote what he said verbatim. I like this paragraph a lot so I am going to add it here. Here is what J
OHN MCCAINsaid yesterday on the floor of the Senate: 
I hope we can again rely on humility, our need to cooperate, on our dependence on each other to learn how to trust each other again and, by so doing, better serve the peo-ple who elected us. 
I like this part: 
Stop listening to the bombastic loud-mouths on the radio and television and the internet. 
JOHNMCCAINsaid: 
To hell with them. They don’t want any-thing done for the public good. Our inca-pacity is their livelihood. Let’s trust each other. Let’s return to reg-ular order. We have been spinning our wheels on too many important issues because we keep trying to find a way to win without help from across the aisle. That is an ap-proach that has been employed by both sides; mandating legislation from the top down, without any support from the other side, with all the parliamentary maneuvers it re-quires. We are getting nothing done, my friends. We are getting nothing done. 
JOHNsaid it yesterday and it still ap-plies and he is right. I say that as a Democrat with respect for him as a Re-publican, but if we are not going to do more than just listen and be warmed by his words and applaud his speech, what should we do at this moment? What is pending before us on the floor of the U.S. Senate is legislation that will change healthcare for every single American—every one of them. It will change it for us in the Senate, but it will change it for the 12.5 million people I represent in Illinois too. Every one of them will be changed by this bill. What is in this bill that will change it? We honestly can’t tell you. The bill has not been written. We aren’t able to see it. We are being told before the end of the week we will ac-tually get a copy of the bill. I am not making that up. We have tried several amendments on the floor, and they failed—one has failed. Several are likely to fail this afternoon, but there is no bill before us. We can’t explain to the American people what this is ultimately going to be, except in the most general terms of what is being debated. That is embar-rassing. It is embarrassing on the floor of the Senate. What we should do is take this crit-ical matter that affects every Amer-ican and every American’s healthcare and send it to a committee—the HELP Committee, chaired by Senator L
AMAR  ALEXANDER , Republican of Tennessee; Ranking Member P
ATTY MURRAY , who is a Senator from Washington; the Fi-nance Committee, Senator H
ATCH of Utah, Republican; Senator W
YDEN of Oregon, Democrat. They need to sit down and look at these bills carefully. Let’s not make a mistake at the ex-pense of the people who sent us here. Let’s stand up for sound, thoughtful judgment. Let’s stand up for a Senate that works, as J
OHNMCCAINchallenged us. Is that what the American people wish? I think it is at the heart of all of it. I think J
OHN MCCAINreally set a standard we ought to live up to. Let’s stop this waste of time over a debate over a bill that cannot even be printed. Let’s take this to the regular order. Let’s do it the right way, to the credit of the Senate and to the credit of our country. We took an oath, each and every one of us, to swear to uphold the Constitu-tion. That Constitution, that document we revere, spells out exactly what we should do at this moment, which is stop what we are doing on this floor, stop wasting the time of the American people and endangering their healthcare and take this to a debate that is befitting a great Constitution and a great nation and a great Senate. I yield the floor. I do it with the hopes that those who speak after me, of both political par-ties, will first sit down and read what J
OHN MCCAINsaid yesterday and let their applause for his remarks be re-flected in what they do on the floor of the Senate today. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I thank my colleague for an excellent state-ment and for appealing to the better angels. Mr. President, I am rising to speak about the Donnelly amendment, which is very much needed because the Presi-dent—and now Republicans—are walk-ing back a clear commitment. The President said in the campaign that he would not cut Medicaid, he wouldn’t touch it, but even before the inauguration, the Trump team eagerly signed on to a Republican plan to slash it by more than $700 billion. They stared into television cameras, looked American voters in the eyes, and said that somehow these massive cuts to Medicaid wouldn’t in any way harm the seniors. Medicaid picks up 2 out of 3 dollars with respect to seniors in nursing home beds and special needs kids and disabled youngsters. When we hear that Medicaid picks up the cost of two out of three nursing home beds and compare that to the President’s statement that he wouldn’t cut Medicaid—wouldn’t cut it—when we are now faced with a plan to cut it by more than $700 billion, one, that is walking back the President’s solemn pledge in the campaign, and, two, it is going to make it harder for older peo-ple in this country to be able to afford long-term care. The majority has brought the TrumpCare debate and the extreme Medicaid cuts that I just described di-rectly to the floor of this Senate with-out a single committee hearing to jus-tify this ill-advised policy. Our colleague from Indiana, Senator DONNELLY , has put forward an impor-tant amendment to stop this ideolog-ical crusade to unravel the Medicaid safety net. Senator D
ONNELLY ’s pro-posal would send this partisan attack on Medicaid back to the Senate Fi-nance Committee, where it should have been raised and struck down in the first place. Mr. President, I am the ranking Democrat on the Senate Finance Com-mittee. My focus in public life has al-ways been to try to find common ground with people of common sense. And I wrote with colleagues—many of whom still serve on the Republican side and on the Democratic side—a uni-versal coverage bill that pulled to-gether both sides of the political spec-trum. So unless you provide an opportunity to have a discussion about the Med-icaid safety net in the Senate Finance Committee, you are not going to be able to have policies that get to com-mon ground on this vital issue. What you are going to have is what is really on offer now—an anti-Medicaid crusade that is a grave threat to the health and well-being of tens of millions of Ameri-cans. Over the last few months, I have heard Republican colleagues say that Medicaid is a disincentive to work and that there are too many able-bodied adults enrolled. If you look at the facts, that is not what the program is all about. Medicaid is a vital source of coverage for our neighbors and friends who live in poverty. It tells those fami-lies that healthcare is covered while they work to climb the economic lad-der in the private sector. In addition to that, for the older peo-ple I have mentioned—these are the folks who have done everything right in life. They went to school, they found jobs, they worked hard in their careers, they raised families, and they scrimped and saved all through their lives. Growing old in America is pretty cost-ly. So what happens is that millions of seniors who have done everything right spend down their savings, and that is when Medicaid steps in to help. It cov-ers two out of three seniors living in nursing homes. It is a major source of funding for community-based care, and people generally don’t know that. Now they may have heard about nursing homes, but it also picks up the costs for community-based care, where older people are more comfortable, and it often costs less than institutional care. Seniors who lose those benefits due to TrumpCare Medicaid cuts are going to have to find somewhere else to live. A lot of families want to be able to help elderly parents and grandparents. It is going to be pretty hard because a lot of them are walking on an eco-nomic tightrope, and if they go looking 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.031 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4248 July 26, 2017 
for nursing home care, it is going to cost on average more than $90,000. So it is seniors, and it is disabled folks who count on Medicaid to have a chance to be productive. With the Med-icaid benefits under threat, people with disabilities are going to find it hard to be able to attain the productive role in our society that they so fervently want to have. Our communities are so much better off when folks with disabilities can contribute, and Medicaid makes that possible. It covers services that many private insurers don’t. It helps people make it out of bed and provides safe transportation to jobs. It helps them avoid unnecessary illnesses. It is not a disincentive for people with dis-abilities to work; having the support of Medicaid is what makes it possible for disabled folks to work. Across the country, there are mil-lions of kids with special needs who rely on Medicaid every day for serv-ices—behavioral care services, mental health services. Mom or dad might have good insurance through work, but private plans don’t always cover the care those vulnerable kids need. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator’s time has expired. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent for 1 additional minute. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I have commented on the secret process that went on in this discussion, but I will close with this: One version of TrumpCare has already been voted down here in the last day. Nobody knows where this debate will wind up, but what is important now is that Sen-ators support the Donnelly motion. The Donnelly motion is going to ensure that the Finance Committee, where Senator E
NZIserves so admirably, and all of our colleagues, Democrats and Republicans, is going to be able to look at this issue in a way that is going to bring the Senate together, not divide it, as we would be without the Don-nelly motion. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I appreciate my colleagues across the aisle accommodating me for 3 minutes, and I ask that— The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no Democratic time remaining. The Senator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, Senator B
LUMENTHAL , the Senator from Con-necticut—I ask for 3 minutes from our time, and we will allot that as long as we preserve the full time for the Sen-ator from Wisconsin. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut is recognized. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, we have seen in the course of this de-bate some very high points and some points that I think in some ways we re-gretted. One of the high points for me was the return of Senator M
CCAIN, and I want to join all of my colleagues in saying how heartfelt our gratitude is for his return and his eloquence here about the need for us to work together. Yet yesterday we also saw, in my view, a shameful and disgraceful mock-ery of our democracy when Senators proceeded, in effect, to a slogan, a shell of a bill, not a really substantive meas-ure. Yet that shell itself will under-mine the exchanges and insurance cov-erage for millions and millions of Americans by creating uncertainty, and this process itself will aggravate that fear. I have now held five field hearings in Connecticut, and at each one I have heard from countless people with tears in their eyes telling me what the Af-fordable Care Act and Medicaid have meant to them, what repeal of it will mean to them, and how devastating and cataclysmic the damage will be. Thousands of constituents have writ-ten, have called, and have also con-tacted others of my colleagues, as I have urged them to do, and I want to say how grateful I am to them for their continued activism and advocacy. We need to maintain this fight. I have heard from moms and dads about what would happen to their children. One said to me: We can’t thrive as a nation or as individuals if we can’t afford to be healthy. So I ask my colleagues to listen to their constituents, to the people in their States, people like Conner and Mackenzie and Amelie and Evan and Amanda and Michelle and Jennifer and Gay. I described them on the floor in my previous talks. These voices and faces need to be brought here because there have been no hearings, no regular order, no democratic process, as we have an obligation to do. If at some point my colleagues aban-don this effort to repeal and decimate the Affordable Care Act, I stand ready to come across the aisle to work to-gether to drive down the costs of healthcare—particularly pharma-ceutical drugs—and to open the ex-changes to more competition and cre-ate more choices for consumers among insurance companies. There are steps we can take together to improve this process. As Senator MCCAINurged us so powerfully, we need to go back to reg-ular order, come together, and work across the aisle. There is no panacea. There is no instant solution. But we need to work together. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wisconsin. Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to speak to three amendments that I have either sub-mitted or plan to submit on the matter before the Senate here today, the re-peal and hopefully complete replace-ment of ObamaCare. There are two issues that concern me the most and that I have fought for and debated. In this process, how can we bring down gross premium levels that have skyrocketed under ObamaCare? Ac-cording to HHS, on a national average, premiums have increased 105 percent. They have more than doubled. And of course it is far worse than that in many places. Janice Fenniman was a 62-year-old woman when I met her a couple of years ago. Prior to ObamaCare, she was paying $276 per month. In 2016, just 2 years into the implementation of ObamaCare, she was paying $786 per month. Last time I talked to her, she would be paying over $900 a month, but the problem is, she can’t afford it, so she is just taking a risk and going un-insured until she reaches the age of 65 and is qualified for Medicare. The other issue I want to speak about is literally the unsustainable nature of Medicaid. The other thing I fought for is reducing the disparity between States that have expanded Medicaid and those that haven’t, like Wisconsin, that have done a great job managing Medicaid. My concern is that Medicaid expansion, which is directed toward able-bodied, working-age, childless adults, is funded by the Federal Gov-ernment 90 to 100 percent, depending on which year you are looking at, versus traditional Medicaid targeted toward— 40 percent of Medicaid spending is tar-geted toward children, the disabled, and the elderly. Medicaid expansion is putting at risk the sustainability of traditional Medicaid. So my three amendments deal with those issues, and let me first take up the first two amendments dealing with premiums. I have a few charts. Unfortunately, in Washington, DC, there is not a whole lot of people who understand the prob-lem-solving process. Let me describe it briefly. It starts with information. It starts with defining the problem, doing a root cause analysis, having the courage to recognize and acknowledge the truth in reality. Based on that reality, you try to set achievable goals. From my standpoint, the achievable goals should be to bring down gross premium levels back to a reasonable level where they were prior to the implementation of this completely faulty architecture of ObamaCare and preserving and sus-taining traditional Medicaid. This chart, I realize, is a little busy, but let me walk you through it. This shows the trend line of ObamaCare, in terms of what we have experienced from 2010 to 2017, plus the estimates of the Congressional Budget Office as it relates to the Senate bill we voted on yesterday. Let’s take a look at this. Back in 2010 to 2013, you see the trend line here. In 2013, on the national average, an indi-vidual is paying about $232 per month for healthcare. Now had that trend line just continued, had we not passed this faulty architecture of ObamaCare, we could reasonably expect that in about 10 years, premiums for an individual being about $303 per month. What has happened—again, according to HHS—those premiums have gone 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.032 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4249 July 26, 2017 
from $232 per month to this year $476 per month on a nationwide average. That is a 105-percent increase. One of the problems with CBO scor-ing is it is difficult to interpret. What I tried to do for my colleagues is put in chart form exactly what CBO is saying. In their scoring of the Senate bill, they said next year premiums would be 20 percent above the current baseline. Of course, they don’t give you the base-line, and they don’t really give you the premiums so I had to try to cobble those together. This is pretty accurate. That would put premiums next year at about $546 versus $232 about 4 years ago. The following year it would be 10 percent above the baseline. So it would start decreasing with the Senate bill, and the third year would be 30 percent below baseline. You would see a dra-matic drop. You would be at $441 per month. Then the trend over the next 7 or 8 years would be 20 percent below the baseline, $574. Take a look at this. Had we never passed ObamaCare, premiums should be in the $300-a-month level versus $574. This is the damage done by ObamaCare, and this, I am very sad to report, is not what we are adequately addressing because we do not have the courage to do the root cause analysis and be honest with the American pub-lic about what is happening. Let me read you a dictation from the family I just heard from yesterday. Sheri and Vern Kolby, whom we heard about from one of our State legislators who contacted one of my regional di-rectors. He sent me an email telling me their story. I called Sheri last night. She didn’t have time. She was just off her shift. Her husband is working way more than 40 hours a week—basically, that is 60 hours a week. The people whom Presi-dent Clinton was talking about, people busting it, working 60 hours a week, their premiums have doubled and their coverage has been cut in half. So my staff reached out, and we basically dic-tated her story, her and her husband Vern’s story. This is not her letter to me but her voice based on what was told to me by my staff. This is Sheri Kolby from River Falls, WI. 
My husband and I have preexisting condi-tions. We need affordable healthcare through ObamaCare or whatever works. Vern is a milkman now, driving a tank to farms to pick up milk, and there are only seven em-ployees at his company which doesn’t pro-vide coverage. I am a florist. Now, I am the only full-time employee so they don’t have health coverage at my work either. We signed up for ObamaCare in 2014 for the en-tire 12-month period. We went on healthcare.gov, but the site crashed, so we had to call a phone number which was jammed. Finally, I got hold of someone and got through an hour and a half of questionnaires. Then you get information in the mail about what your premium will be and your subsidy, and you make your month-ly payment. We were getting monthly letters telling us we had to fax in our pay stubs to make sure we were still qualifying for the subsidized premiums. We did that every month, but then next March, when we filed our taxes, that is when my tax preparer said, ‘‘You bet-ter sit down. Not only did you pay your pre-mium, but they want your subsidy back.’’ That was about $15,000. We were earning too much to qualify for the subsidies, even though we held blue-col-lar jobs. If we stayed on ObamaCare, we would have to pay the entire premium un-subsidized. In 2015, we made $59,000 and ended paying almost $30,000 for premiums and deductibles. That was 51 percent of our in-come. In covering our deductibles and our out-of- pocket costs, we used up almost all of our 401(k)s. It just multiplied and multiplied. When a huge amount of money was due the IRS, we decided we had to sell our house. Sheri and Vern Kolby had to sell their house so it wouldn’t be taken away in foreclosure because of Obama’s skyrocketing premiums. 
Now we can only get a 3-month plan. That is all that is available. Private catastrophic plans are few and far between. 
And I will add, parenthetically, also way overpriced because of the faulty architecture of ObamaCare. 
There aren’t a lot of companies that offer plans in Pierce County. We are kind of in a funnel and that funnel keeps narrowing. In May, I went back to healthcare.gov, but cov-erage would have cost $1,200 per month, about $14,400 per year in premiums for a pol-icy with a $14,000 deductible. If you made $200,000, you could pay that, but we are not even close to that. We usually fluctuate be-tween $50,000 and $60,000. We are blue collar. We pay our bills on time, we respect people, and we want to live a good life, and we have just been dumped on. It has got to stop. It may come to a point where we might not have insurance, but we will just end up owing the hospital if something else hap-pens. My husband works 60 to 70 hours a week, and I work 30. We drive a ‘98 Wrangler. We are not running around in a Ferrari. We don’t spend money beyond our means. We don’t take trips to Tahiti, and we are not trying to swindle the system, but it has been a very stressful experience. We have been married 28 years, and we have stayed together through so much, but we are not old enough to even think about retirement for a long time so I don’t know what we will do. 
These are the forgotten men and women of this healthcare debate—the people who are busting it, who don’t get subsidized, who can’t afford insur-ance coverage because of the faulty ar-chitecture of ObamaCare, and we are not courageous or honest enough to really address it. We did get from HHS a study that they commissioned and they had the results in May. I would like to put up my next chart here. Basically, what they did is they stud-ied the cause, and I have the study right here. Basically this is the ques-tion they are asking: What portion of the increase in premiums is attrib-utable to the effects of guaranteed issue and community rating? Now I realize those are very popular elements of ObamaCare. The problem is, they cause premiums to skyrocket. That last graph—way above what they would have been without that architec-ture—pricing people out of the market, forcing American taxpayers to pay far more in subsidies than we otherwise would have to do or would be necessary had we never passed ObamaCare. Well, here is the result of their study. They studied four States: Georgia, Ohio, Tennessee, and I can’t remember the last one, but I am going to focus on Tennessee. What this graph shows—I realize it is kind of hard to see—but in Tennessee, between 2013 and 2017, premiums in-creased $327 per month, from $104 per month to $431 a month for a 41-year-old male. That is a threefold increase, 314 percent. What caused it, 73 to 76 per-cent was increased risk. Again, in-creased risk is basically defined as the guaranteed issue covering preexisting conditions and community rating— things that are popular but again that cause premiums to double and in Jan-ice Fenniman’s case, more than tripled. One thing I want to point out about that, when you hear that talking point, premiums that double and triple, look at the inverse of that. If we could roll back the clock, go back 4 years, pre-miums would be one-half to one-third of what they are today. People would be able to afford coverage, and the American taxpayer would be sup-porting those whom we want to support with a whole lot less dollars. Now, the good news, if we were hon-est, if we were courageous, and if we actually addressed the root cause anal-ysis, which has been done, which we have largely ignored, the good news is, you can actually cover people with high costs and preexisting conditions without collapsing insurance markets. They are called high-risk pools or, in the case of Maine, invisible high-risk pools. The people in it don’t even real-ize they are in it, but it has worked phenomenally well. Maine passed guaranteed issues, and just like they did under ObamaCare, guaranteed issues caused premiums to skyrocket. You can see the premium rate from their old Anthem HealthChoice plan back in 2011. Once they supplanted—they didn’t even re-peal the guaranteed issue, but they just supplanted this with an invisible high-risk pool—their premiums were cut in half. This is doable. It is pos-sible, but it is only possible if we take a look at best practice, if we are will-ing to have the courage to admit ex-actly what is causing the problem. I have two amendments designed to address the increase in premiums. First—and I realize this will probably not even be voted on—would be a sim-ple one-sentence amendment that would repeal all of ObamaCare, not partial repeal, not just two-thirds re-peal but repeal that would concentrate on removing all of those market re-forms. I would call them market dis-tortions that cause premiums to sky-rocket, that cause people like Sheri and Vern Kolby to lose their house. That is my first amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.034 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4250 July 26, 2017 
The second amendment really relates to exactly what ObamaCare was origi-nally designed to do, which was put Members of Congress in the exact same position of people like Sheri and Vern Kolby. Back in July of 2009, November 18, as this was being debated in the HELP and the Finance Committee, Senators Coburn and G
RASSLEY introduced lan-guage to those bills that would make Members of Congress have to purchase their health insurance plans on any kind of program or the State-based ex-changes, whatever was passed under the Democrats’ healthcare plan. On December 24, 2009, the Senate passed the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act, an Orwellian-named bill that did neither, that had Senator Coburn’s basic language from the HELP Committee that was going to re-quire Members of Congress to purchase their coverage through the exchanges. What was interesting is, it did not in-clude an employer contribution. Those were barred. On March 24, after the House had passed their version of the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act and the Healthcare Education Reconcili-ation Act, Senator G
RASSLEY again of-fered an amendment to allow an em-ployer contribution to Members of Con-gress and their staffs’ healthcare plans. That amendment was defeated with 56 Democratic Senators defeating it. Three Democratic Senators voted for it, and every Republican Senator voted for it, allowing the Federal contribu-tion. So Congress specifically said in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, Members of Congress and their staffs must purchase their healthcare through the State ex-changes, and they cannot obtain an employer contribution for those plans. Let’s fast forward to October 2, 2013. Members of Congress and their staff panicked. They went running to the Obama White House and said: You have to fix this. We know what we passed. We know what the law says, but we have to weasel our way around this— and they did. So the Office of Personnel Management issued a rule, first of all, that Congress was a small business that could purchase their insurance on a shop exchange which required a small business, which is defined in the law as less than 100 employees—I just want you to know that Congress has about 11,000 employees. There is no way this Congress is a small employer, but that was the technique that they were able to work their way around this law. So right now Members of Congress and staffs are the only Americans who get the special treatment of being able to purchase insurance on ObamaCare ex-changes and get an employer contribu-tion. Millions of Americans did lose their insurance because of ObamaCare. They had to purchase the overpriced insur-ance policies out of the exchanges, but they have no access to employer con-tributions. So my second amendment would put only Members of Congress— I don’t think we should penalize our staff—but I want to put Members of Congress in the exact same position as Sheri and Vern and thousands and maybe tens of thousands, maybe hun-dreds of thousands, maybe millions of Americans who are making too much, busting it, working 60 hours a week. Their premiums have doubled, some-times tripled. Coverage is cut in half, and they can’t afford it. They are tak-ing a risk. Congress is still advantaged because we are making more than $59,000. We are making $174,000. The reason I am offering this amend-ment—I know it will not be popular—is that the only way Congress will have the courage to act is if they are af-fected every bit as much as the Amer-ican public. I urge all of my colleagues to be honest, to be courageous, and to make sure they do not exempt them-selves from the pain, from the harm, from the damage of ObamaCare, so that they will commit themselves to actually fixing this problem. Those are my first two amendments that have to do with premiums. I urge my colleagues to support them. I think that they are good amendments and are worthy of support. Mr. President, how much time do I have remaining? The PRESIDING OFFICER. There are 30 minutes remaining. Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, let me move on to my second point. Again, I come from a State whose Governor showed real courage in recog-nizing that traditional Medicaid was unsustainable and was in trouble. The last thing we really should be doing to an unsustainable entitlement program is to throw more promises on top of that and make it even more unsustainable. I think it is extremely important that we recognize that Med-icaid expansion is directed toward able- bodied, childless, working-age adults. That is, again, funded at a much higher level by the Federal Government, at 90 to 100 percent, versus traditional Med-icaid, which is really targeted to those we want to help—children. Forty per-cent of traditional Medicaid goes to-ward children, the disabled, and the el-derly. My next amendment is designed to try and make traditional Medicaid more sustainable, not by pulling the rug out from anyone but simply by limiting further enrollment and allow-ing Medicaid expansion to phase out based on attrition. Let me show you a couple of facts, because we hear an awful lot of demagoguery. We hear an awful lot of scaremongering. I hear it in Wisconsin, as people who are on tra-ditional Medicaid and who are largely unaffected by this bill other than in the out years are scared that their tra-ditional Medicaid is going to be taken away from them. Here are the facts. Back in 2008, the Federal Government spent about $200 billion on traditional Medicaid. With the implementation of ObamaCare, we began increasing that pretty dramati-cally with Medicaid expansion. Over the next decade or so, we will spend close to $90 billion per year, on aver-age, on Medicaid expansion—again, tar-geted toward able-bodied, working-age, childless adults. This was the former trend line, and this is the current trend line for traditional Medicaid. Now, you hear about all of this slash-ing of Medicaid. Here is the current baseline. This is what the Senate bill would have done to traditional Med-icaid and to Medicaid expansion. Yes, you can see some relatively significant cuts to Medicaid expansion, but to tra-ditional Medicaid, you see, really, not all that much—about $164 billion over 10 years. My amendment would say, without pulling the rug out from anyone: Let’s end further enrollment in Medicaid ex-pansion, and as that program phases out through attrition, let’s devote the money that we save to traditional Med-icaid—supporting and sustaining the elderly, children, and the disabled. This is what happens to traditional Medicaid under my amendment. First of all, this is what happens under the Senate bill. You do not see any year in which Medicaid is actually cut. It is al-ways rising. We boost it a little bit fur-ther and do not increase the deficit by any more, under the Senate bill, by doing that. My last point is this, and then I will move on and yield the floor. This is what I am talking about in terms of dollars. Under current law, traditional Medicaid will spend $4 trillion over the next decade and Medicaid expansion al-most $1 trillion, for a total of $5 tril-lion spending. Under the Senate bill that was originally proposed, original Medicaid would have been cut by about $164 billion, which is still close to $4 trillion, and Medicaid expansion, obvi-ously, would have been reduced by a fair amount. Under what I call my sustainability amendment, traditional Medicaid would actually increase in spending slightly and not harm anybody—not children, not the disabled, not the el-derly. Obviously, with Medicaid expan-sion, just by allowing it to phase out through attrition—not pulling the rug out from anyone—in the end, you would be spending the same amount on the Senate bill. From my standpoint, I think that we preserve and sustain Medicaid. Again, I urge my colleagues to sup-port all three of my amendments. I hope to get a vote. If not a vote, I hope that they are considered if this thing goes to a House-Senate conference. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Wisconsin, my fellow accountant, for doing a good job of ac-counting there and providing some charts that very explicitly show what he has been working on, what he has been encouraging people to do, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.035 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4251 July 26, 2017 
some solutions. That is what we keep looking for within the criticism that we are getting from the other side of the aisle—some solutions. Earlier this year, Congress took an important first step in fulfilling the promise of repealing ObamaCare by passing a budget resolution that paved the way for this debate that we are having right now and paved the way for some real healthcare reforms that we are currently debating. These reforms are focused on rescuing the millions of hardworking families who are trapped by ObamaCare’s taxes and mandates. You heard one example from the Sen-ator from Wisconsin of a family who is paying excruciatingly high prices for their healthcare only to find out that they have $16,000 in deductibles, which makes it very difficult to utilize it at all. Is that insurance, if you have to pay $16,000 before the rest kicks in? What we are doing here is working to stabilize collapsing insurance markets that have left millions of Americans with no options. We improve the af-fordability of health insurance. We pre-serve access to care for Americans who have preexisting conditions while we safeguard Medicaid for those who need it the most by giving States more flexi-bility. We ensure that those who rely on this program will not have the rug pulled out from under them. Most im-portantly, we liberate the American people from the onerous ObamaCare mandates of purchasing insurance they do not want and/or cannot afford. Additionally, these bills can reduce the Federal deficit, the amount the Federal Government overspends each year, by billions of dollars. They can also end up saving taxpayers billions more by improving and reforming the way Medicaid operates. These aspects of the bill are enormously important. This will be the first time in a genera-tion that we will have even attempted to rein in any of these programs and put them on a sustainable path—the ones that are threatening to bankrupt our country—without pulling the rug out from under people, as you saw from the charts by the Senator from Wis-consin. By reducing spending, lowering the tax burden on hard-working families, and curbing our national debt, which now stands at almost $20 trillion and is on its way rapidly to $29 trillion, we will be ensuring a brighter and stable fiscal future for our children and our grandchildren. Actually, with that kind of debt, we are almost ensuring a brighter and stable future for our-selves. We are in trouble. While my colleagues complain about using the reconciliation process to un-tangle the country from this unwork-able, unpopular, and unaffordable law, they should remember that they actu-ally employed the exact same proce-dure to secure the passage of ObamaCare, without having any input or assistance from Republicans, and rushed it through both Houses of Con-gress in less than a week. Senate Re-publicans are responsibly utilizing this reconciliation process to address the healthcare crisis that has been thrust upon America by former President Obama and congressional Democrats. There is also the common misconcep-tion that some of my friends across the aisle have promoted—the idea that ObamaCare is a runaway success and that repeal will be tearing down a func-tioning program. This is, simply, not true. My Democratic colleagues know it is not true. Former President Obama knows that it is not true, and the American people, certainly, know it is not true. Here is the reality. ObamaCare has put our health insurance markets on the brink of collapse in many parts of the country. As I pointed out in an ear-lier speech, that began in October of last year, which was before the elec-tions. It has nothing to do with what has transpired since the elections. ObamaCare put our health insurance markets on the brink of collapse in many parts of the country, and what the Republicans are tackling now is what President Obama and congres-sional Democrats simply could not bring themselves to do when they had control, which was to fix the problems they had created. This may be because ObamaCare has enshrined their idea that bigger government is better and that any changes, unless done by Exec-utive action under the President, were out of the question. In their zeal to protect this flawed program, they may have missed it when President Obama himself admit-ted last year that the law had real problems. He said: 
There are going to be people who are hurt by premium increases or lack of competition and choice. 
He went on to say that these prob-lems are simply called ‘‘growing pains.’’ Now, these growing pains have forced millions of Americans across the coun-try to grapple with impossibly high health insurance premiums for plans they do not want, out-of-reach deductibles to help with common pre-scriptions, and disappearing insurance providers to even be allowed to shop for better coverage. As I noted earlier, for more and more Americans, there is only a single in-surer from which they can select health plans, and they may soon not have a single ObamaCare insurer, as 50 counties already do not have one, and others are threatened. Thousands only have one choice. In fact, on the Federal exchanges, one in five consumers will only be able to select plans from a sin-gle insurer. Many residents across the country will have only one choice of health insurer. This includes my home State of Wyoming, as well as the entire State of Alaska. What does this lack of competition mean? Premiums are surging for hard- working families, who now have to choose between unreasonable insurance rates or an unreasonable fine. If my colleagues wanted yet further evidence that competition lowers prices, they need look no further than their con-stituent mail. In Wyoming, some families will be forced to pay more than 30 percent of their total income on premiums in order to obtain healthcare coverage, which often includes deductibles of over $1,000. One family faced premiums of more than $1,600 a month. As an al-ternative, their tax penalty for not car-rying coverage was only $1,700 for the year. That is a $1,600-a-month premium charge or a $1,700 penalty for not cov-ering it for the whole year. So guess what they did? They paid the fine because they could not afford the insurance premium, let alone the deductible. I think $5.3 million in fines were collected in Wyoming from the people who could not afford the insur-ance. They took the lesser alternative of paying a tax penalty, which gave them nothing. For those who are lucky enough to be able to afford insurance, particularly in the individual market, under the new health law, premiums are expected to increase faster in 2017 than in pre-vious years. Some States will see in-surance premiums rise by as much as 53 percent. That is in 1 year. We are talking about a 4-year doubling of cost. This will be a 50-percent cost increase in 1 year. That is truly a healthcare emergency. Not doing anything and ac-cepting the status quo is simply unac-ceptable to millions of Americans suf-fering under this law. Now that we have discussed why we are doing this, it is important to also ask how we hope to help these suffering Americans. It is vital that we stabilize collapsing insurance markets that have left millions of Americans with no op-tions, while reestablishing the afford-ability of health insurance. Our bill will also preserve access to care for Americans with preexisting conditions, and it will safeguard Med-icaid for those who need it most by giv-ing States more flexibility, yet ensur-ing that those who rely on this pro-gram will not have the rug pulled out from under them—contrary to the scare tactics being put forth by ObamaCare’s defenders. Most importantly, Congress is work-ing to free the American people from the onerous mandates to purchase in-surance they don’t want or can’t af-ford. Congressional Republicans and our President are focused on securing the future of Americans’ healthcare system and truly understand the importance of restoring the trust of hard-working taxpayers. What we are doing here under rec-onciliation, which is a budget process, will not solve all the problems. There will be an opportunity for bipartisan investigation, support, and changes if the other side is willing to do that. There are some things that need to be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:14 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.037 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4252 July 26, 2017 
done immediately to protect the Amer-ican taxpayers and the people who want to have healthcare. So I ask everyone to focus on secur-ing the future of America’s healthcare system and to try to understand the importance of restoring the trust of hard-working taxpayers. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
OOMEY ). The Senator from Alabama. Mr. STRANGE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 5 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. STRANGE. Mr. President, I rise today in defense of those who cannot defend themselves. After 8 years of policies that have undermined the sanctity of life, we have an opportunity today to extend the protections of the Hyde amendment wider than ever be-fore. After 8 years of a failed social experi-ment that subverted the will of a ma-jority of Americans and denied rights of conscience and religious freedom, we have an opportunity to ensure that taxpayer dollars will not contribute to the scourge of abortion under any cir-cumstance. As we consider options to fix our na-tion’s failing healthcare system, par-tisan lines cut deeper on abortion than on any other issue. However, we should all be able to agree that taxpayer funds have no place in funding abortions. I also hope we can agree that our so-ciety cannot be truly prosperous until it respects the rights of the most vul-nerable among us. If we fail to stand for those who cannot stand for them-selves, then the words of our founding documents, the words inscribed in the halls of this building, and the truths we each hold in our hearts mean noth-ing. To that end, I will be offering a mo-tion to waive the point of order on Hyde amendment protections as we work to solve our healthcare crisis. Today, and every day, I stand for life. I am joined by colleagues who under-stand what is at stake, and I thank Senator E
NZIfor his leadership. I yield the floor. Mrs. MURRAY. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 271 
The question is on agreeing to the amendment. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 45, nays 55, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 169 Leg.] YEAS—45 
Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Cassidy Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Paul Perdue Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—55 
Alexander Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Portman Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
The amendment (No. 271) was re-jected. 
VOTE ON MOTION TO COMMIT  
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). The question is on agreeing to the Donnelly motion to commit. Mr. ENZI. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a second sufficient? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 48, nays 52, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 170 Leg.] YEAS—48 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—52 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young The motion was rejected. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. 
MOTION TO COMMIT  
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I have a motion to commit at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Pennsylvania Mr. CASEY moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the American Health Care Act of 2017 that would harm individuals with disabilities as defined in the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.) by reducing their access to afford-able health care or limiting coverage or ben-efits under Medicaid or in the private health insurance market. 
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, first, I thank my friend from Indiana, Senator D
ONNELLY , for his remarks this after-noon and also for his efforts to help to protect and preserve Medicaid so that hundreds of thousands of people in our States and across the country can con-tinue to live in the community. I want to point out that today is the 27th anniversary of the signing of the Americans with Disabilities Act. This legislation, known as the Americans with Disabilities Act, is 27 years old. It is a piece of legislation that both rec-ognizes and guarantees the rights of people with disabilities. It is, at its heart, a civil rights bill, one that pro-motes and promises liberty and free-dom for people with disabilities—the liberty and freedom that all Americans are promised, that our founding docu-ments guarantee, and that we in the Senate are charged with protecting for all citizens. We should be celebrating the liberty and freedom of people with disabilities, but instead of having a celebration of the Americans with Disabilities Act on this anniversary day, the Senate Re-publican bill—which, I guess, is basi-cally the House bill that we are on right now—threatens that freedom and threatens that liberty that was ac-corded in the Americans with Disabil-ities Act with regard to those with dis-abilities. Now, I have heard a lot of speeches on this floor by my Republican col-leagues about freedom and liberty in the context of healthcare—lots of speeches about both of those words. I would argue that, if you consider this legislation and the Senate versions of it that came after the House bill, all of these Republican healthcare bills were really, simply, about decimating Med-icaid, limiting community-based care, and cutting long-term services and sup-port, which will rob people with dis-abilities of their rights that the Ameri-cans with Disabilities Act advanced. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.038 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4253 July 26, 2017 
I think everyone here knows the dis-abilities story. I will just do a quick summary. For centuries, people with disabil-ities have been placed against their will in institutions like this one. This is a building in Pennsylvania. When it was open and operating, it was known as Pennhurst. There were lots of places like this across the country, not just in one or two States. These institutions were, in fact, over time, warehouses, in which people had few, if any, rights. They were told what time to wake up, what time to go to bed, and when to eat. They were told they could never leave. That was the basic set of rules they lived by when they lived in insti-tutions like that. These were places where choice was unknown and where freedom, liberty, and self-determina-tion were also unknown. Over the past 50 years, we have made some improvements—slow improve-ments—with the voices of people with disabilities leading the way. Through-out those 50 years, individuals and fam-ilies have fought for their freedom and have worked to create laws that pro-tect their freedom. For example, the 1973 Rehabilitation Act Amendments and the Americans with Disabilities Act affirmed and pro-tected the rights of people with disabil-ities to have access to all of society. The 1999 Olmstead Supreme Court deci-sion reaffirmed the right of people with disabilities to live where they want to live and to be free of the confines of an institution. Let’s take it from the institution down to the individual—to individuals like Jensen, who is pictured right here. People like Jensen, who were once forced to live in nursing homes, now live where they want to live and pursue their dreams. Yet we know that rights alone do not equal freedom and liberty for people with disabilities. Medicaid provides the supports that are necessary to live in the community and to have that full measure of free-dom and that full measure of choice. Medicaid protects the hard-won rights of people with disabilities to have real choices. Medicaid home-based and com-munity-based supports mean that peo-ple with disabilities can live in their own apartments, hold jobs, and con-tribute to their communities. Medicaid makes it possible to use the talents, skills, and knowledge of people with disabilities. Medicaid makes their rights a reality. Do not take my word for it. Just ask the people who were here today in the Gallery, the people who are outside this Chamber and are walking the halls of the Senate, walking throughout the buildings, marching, demonstrating, and greeting people on the streets, with some of them staying overnight at one place to make their voices heard. Ask the members of ADAPT. Ask the members of the National Coun-cil on Independent Living. Ask The Arc’s 700 affiliates around the country. Ask the folks from Easterseals, the As-sociation of University Centers on Dis-abilities, the Autistic Self Advocacy Network, and on and on and on—groups across the country that are telling us with one voice: Do not move forward with cuts to Medicaid as have been pro-posed in each of these bills. These Americans will tell you that their rights are not real without com-munity supports. This bill will drive people back into those institutions that I just showed you a picture of. In the midst of voting on my amend-ment—which would basically say: Let’s go back to the committee of jurisdic-tion—in this case, the Finance Com-mittee—and spend some time to have some hearings, have some regular order, which some have called for here, and really consider this issue seri-ously—I know there will be talk that some will reject my amendment and will introduce and maybe have a vote on a sense of the Senate. There is a time and a place for that kind of measure when the Senate speaks with one voice on a matter. This is not one of those times. This is a time when we have to do more than just have a sense of the Senate. We have to be serious about a particular matter of public policy—in this case, of making sure that we protect people with disabilities so that they have all of the rights and all of the promises fulfilled in the Americans with Disabil-ities Act and other legislation. So we are hearing that there might be a sense of the Senate offered as a side-by-side to the amendment that I will offer. This is totally inadequate in terms of the serious issue that we are here to talk about—in this case, pro-tecting people with disabilities. It is a totally inadequate response to that. The people with disabilities who are in the Gallery, who are in the reception area, or who are back at home in con-gressional districts and States—those folks in each and every community around the country—want to ensure that the promise that we made to them in the ADA and in other measures will be kept—that we will keep our prom-ise. If Medicaid community-based serv-ices are slashed, statements by the Senate will not help very much. What will we likely have in front of us in the next couple of hours or be-tween today and tomorrow? I know it has been described in a lot of ways, if the Republicans want to get there. Here is the way I describe it. It is a congressional Republican scheme that they are working on to get to re-peal—not repeal and replace. In this case, it would be repeal and decimate— decimating Medicaid, repealing the en-tire Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. Some here will argue that they can support this because this next version—this scheme—will not include Medicaid and will likely not even in-clude tax cuts for the very wealthy. Cuts to Medicaid have been the core part of every House version of healthcare and every Senate bill that we have seen so far. They will get to those cuts one way or another, and they will also get to the tax cuts for the superrich. The bill that we are debating, H.R. 1628, as you know, creates block grants in the context of Medicaid. Block- granting, in a sense, may be sending to the States a limited amount of money and saying: Good luck when you have to balance your budget and pay for Medicaid services. It will have per cap-ita caps, which would, again, limit what States can do in terms of the dol-lars they have, or it would just con-tinue to have cuts to Medicaid, as every bill has had, the likes of which we have never seen—sometimes over $800 billion, sometimes over $700 bil-lion, but it is in that neighborhood of hundreds and hundreds of billions of dollars of cuts to Medicaid. This next version of the Senate bill will do the same. When you consider the cuts to Med-icaid juxtaposed with the tax breaks given to the superrich—really give-aways—there is no other word that I can come up with other than ‘‘ob-scene.’’ There are probably other words, but that is, I think, a good de-scription of what that is. That is one of the reasons that these measures have been so unpopular across the board with every income group. Those folks who would get those big giveaways—I think most of them would not want them if they knew the price of that tax giveaway to someone with a lot of money would be to decimate Medicaid. So passing this version of the bill— passing a scaled-down scheme—means that Republicans have not abandoned their Medicaid cuts. They are going to get to that as soon as they can. This is simply what we are going to see over the next couple of hours—a back door to cutting and capping Medicaid—and anyone who believes otherwise is prob-ably deceiving themselves. What we need are serious policies crafted to ensure long-term supports and services that provide and guar-antee community-based services that promote choice and freedom for people with disabilities. This bill doesn’t promise freedom or liberty. It doesn’t promise the choice to live in a commu-nity and to be part of a family, like this family, where one member of that family has a disability and gets to live in a house with other members of the family. That is not possible for many Americans without Medicaid. For people with disabilities, this bill is anything but a bill that would en-hance freedom or enhance choice. This bill would, in fact, be an anti-freedom bill when it comes to people with dis-abilities. It is not a key to liberty. It is really just a pathway to institutional care, where we were years ago and where we have come from, from whence we have made progress. It is a return to limited choices, a lack of rights, and a place where freedom is not possible. In conclusion, let me thank the Mem-bers of the Senate who have supported 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.042 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4254 July 26, 2017 
this motion: Senators S TABENOW , D
UCKWORTH , H ASSAN , V AN HOLLEN , M
URRAY , BROWN , BLUMENTHAL , CARPER , D
URBIN , KAINE, BALDWIN , WYDEN , MAR-
KEY, M URPHY , HARRIS , CARDIN , W AR-
REN, H IRONO , R EED, N ELSON , K LO-
BUCHAR , W ARNER , S HAHEEN , C OONS , B
ENNET , KING, MENENDEZ , WHITEHOUSE , L
EAHY , and B OOKER . I want to thank them for joining me in this effort. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Louisiana. Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, we are struggling right now to find a replace-ment for the Affordable Care Act. The American people have voted in four successive elections for such a replace-ment, culminating in the election of Donald Trump to be President of the United States. Now, one can ask oneself, if the Af-fordable Care Act is so great, why would the American people continue to want to have a different program? I think the wisdom of the American peo-ple is that they do not want the gov-ernment so intrusive in their lives, and secondly, there is a sense that some-how the Affordable Care Act is not en-tirely fair, that perhaps there are some who do better under the Affordable Care Act than others. Our country is about equity. By the way, I am a physician, and for 25 years I have worked in the public hospital system of Louisiana trying to get healthcare for those who otherwise did not have it. I am all about those who do not have insurance or those who are fully insured getting better care. Ultimately, to have better care, there has to be adequate financing for that care. So we begin to look at the numbers that underlie how the Afford-able Care Act—ObamaCare, if you will—finances healthcare across the Nation. It is very interesting. If you look at the numbers from Health and Human Services, three States—Massachusetts, California, and New York—get 37 percent of the money that ObamaCare spends on Medicaid expansion and health insurance access. Three States get 37 percent. And al-though I don’t have an accurate depic-tion of what the demography is, I esti-mate their population to be roughly 18 percent, if that much, of our Nation’s total population. So they get twice as much, if you will, on a per-beneficiary basis than the rest of the Nation put together. That is not fair. And if we are going to provide access for patients— our fellow Americans—to healthcare, ultimately we have to have adequate financial resources to do so. My colleague Senator G
RAHAM will speak in more detail about the inequi-ties between the States, but let me just say as a guideline, how do we create eq-uity? How do we create fairness so it is not just three States that benefit, but wherever you live, if the Federal tax-payers are contributing to your access to insurance, you get about the same amount whether you are in Louisiana, Colorado, South Carolina, Mississippi, or in California, Massachusetts, or New York? That is about equity. What we attempt to do—and we are going to submit this as part of the Gra-ham-Cassidy amendment—is we at-tempt to establish fairness for all Americans in terms of the support they receive from the Federal taxpayer. What we will do, beginning in 2020, is begin to equalize the payments be-tween those States receiving very lit-tle, those States receiving a lot more, and those States that are kind of right where they should be. We do this by be-ginning with a formula that acknowl-edges that the poorer the people, the more support they need; the older the person, the higher their medical ex-penses. So between poverty and age, it is a good starting point about how to divide those dollars. Between 2020 and 2026, we will actually gradually move those high-cost States down, those lower cost States up, and keep those just-about-right States just about right, until at the end, wherever that American lives, she or he is getting about the same amount as every other patient receiving support across the country. When we say this—I am a physician. I know that if you have more disease burden in one State, that is a costlier population. If your average age is greater in one State, that is another aspect of a costlier population. We can go through those sorts of factors. So we do put wiggle room at the end, so that if a State is higher cost because they have more disease, they would get a little bit more money. But on the whole, if you net it out, wherever that American lives, she or he would get about the same amount of money. Senator GRAHAM will go over this in more detail, but it turns out that the average American receiving benefits under the Affordable Care Act—if you combine Medicaid expansion and the tax credits people receive, the average credit is somewhere in the mid-$6,000 range; call it $6,400, $6,500. But if you look at what some States receive, in Massachusetts, it is about $18,000 per person. Now, that is a lot of money. So if the average is $6,600 and in one State it is $18,000, that is not fair. Now, I would submit that if we equal-ize that treatment; if we just treat peo-ple fairly; if no matter where you live, the amount you get is not dependent upon the State in which you live but upon your need, then we can actually provide access. We can fulfill President Trump’s campaign pledges of con-tinuing coverage, caring for those with preexisting conditions, lowering pre-miums—lowering premiums—and eliminating mandates. By the way, it isn’t just Republican- represented States that would benefit. We can look at West Virginia. These are some preliminary numbers. West Virginia would receive in 2020 about 43 percent more than they would based upon current trajectories. Indiana would receive about 48 percent more. Let’s look at Montana. Montana would receive about—my gosh—Montana would receive over 100 percent more than they are currently scheduled to receive. This takes the money that has al-ready been allocated, and instead of fo-cusing it on three States—there are a few more; call it seven, but those are the States that really bring it home— if, instead of all of this Federal largess going to three States, we distribute it fairly, all Americans can do better. All Americans can do better. Ultimately, we should be about fair-ness in this Chamber, not about par-tisan politics. I thank the Chair for the privilege of addressing this issue, and I now defer to my colleague from South Carolina. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Carolina. Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, let me just tell my colleagues where I am coming from. Under the current system— ObamaCare as we know it—the money to help people buy insurance and the money for Medicaid expansion, those two pools of money—here is what hap-pens under ObamaCare: California is 21.39 percent of all the money, and they are 12.15 percent of the population. Maryland gets 2.35 percent of the money, and they are 1.86 percent of the population. Massachusetts gets 6.67 percent of all the money, and they are 2.11 percent. New York gets 8.62 per-cent, and they are 6.11 percent. That is a lot of math for a guy who didn’t do well in math. So 39 percent of all the money goes to four States that rep-resent 22 percent of the population. I like these people. They are all good Americans. I just don’t like them that much. The bottom line is, the rest of us—46 States—get 60 percent to divide up among ourselves. How can that be? Senator C
ASSIDY explained that the current system is weighted to the ben-efit of four States at the expense of the rest of us. I would like to fix that, and if you don’t live in one of those States, you will want to fix it too. What I want to do is take the money that we are spending under ObamaCare and block grant it back to the States so that we can level out the disparity in funding but go even further and allow people in each State to develop healthcare systems that meet the needs of that State. If you are for single-payer healthcare, you will hate this idea be-cause that will be the end of single- payer healthcare because the money and the power will leave Washington and it will go back to people where they live. It will be healthcare closest to the patient. So if you believe that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.045 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4255 July 26, 2017 
government is better—closer to the voter, closer to the people—if the idea of government close to the people is a good idea, I would argue that healthcare closer to the patient is a good idea. I regret we didn’t think of this soon-er. What Senator C
ASSIDY said is that our goal is to make sure that no mat-ter in what State you live, you are going to get X amount of dollars, and it is going to be fairly equal no matter where you live. If you live in a State with a unique disease problem or an aged State, you will get a little bit more because you will need a little bit more. The model we have today is really disproportionate. It doesn’t work. It is driving up healthcare costs all over the country. People are dropping coverage because the ObamaCare mandates are too expensive. So what we are doing is we are leav-ing the taxes on the wealthy in place. To my conservative friends, I am sorry, but that is what we are going to have to do to make this work. We eliminate the medical device tax because that hurts innovation. We eliminate the in-dividual employer mandate because that stifles the whole idea of having creativity at the State level. We leave the taxes on the wealthier Americans in place. We are able to take that money, plus money we would give to insurance companies to stabilize the national market, and block grant it back to the States with a formula that is fairer. Let me tell my colleagues what that would look like. Let me drill down to what two States do, by the way. Cali-fornia and Massachusetts by them-selves are 28 percent of all ObamaCare money and 14 percent of the popu-lation. Let’s look at Alabama. Beginning in 2020, you are going to get 200 percent more. How can that be? It is where you start from. The people in Alabama are going to get a lot more money because when you look at the money coming through the ObamaCare system to the good people of Alabama and how we spend per patient, you are way behind. You are going to get a lot of money to catch up with what should be the na-tional average. Our friends in California are going to get a 38-percent reduction, but we are going to give you time to adjust for that. There is going to be a wind-down period. It is not going to happen over-night. There will be a fund that can help you if you can prove you have a unique population of people who are sicker and older. To my good friend from Colorado, you get 42 percent more. How can that be? Under ObamaCare, the money that was going to these four States gets a little higher percentage if you block grant. Not only will you get 42 percent more money than ObamaCare would give the good people of Colorado, you actually get a chance to spend the money unique to the needs of Colorado. Let’s go to Oklahoma, since we have a guy from Oklahoma here whom we like a lot. You get 200 percent. Con-gratulations. Why do you get 200 per-cent? You are starting way behind ev-erybody else. The bottom line is, we want to catch you up beginning in 2020. We are going to have to take away from some other people because they are hoggish. New York, California, we want to help you transition, but the rest of us are not going to sit on the sidelines anymore and watch you take most of the money. We are going to begin to level this out. Where is South Carolina? I have a unique interest in that State. How did we do? We get 123 percent. That shows you where we start from. In about 6 years, we are all going to meet. It is going to take 6 or 7 years to level this all out, and we are going to get more. Other States are going to get a little bit less. The ones that are about where they need to be will get about the same. The big benefit for all of us is, the people in your backyard get to make decisions about healthcare rather than a Washington bureaucrat whom you will never meet. The big thing about this to me is, you have a voice now as a consumer. Right now, if you don’t like your healthcare under ObamaCare, whom do you complain to? Do you complain to your Congressman? I guess your Sen-ator. At the end of the day, most of ObamaCare is administered by the Fed-eral Government through a bureauc-racy. We don’t manage healthcare in the Senate. Under this construct, the same amount of money is going to go back to your backyard, and you will get a better deal if you are starting on the tail end of this now. If you don’t like what is going on in your State, you can actually complain to somebody whom you vote for in the statehouse. You can go to your State capital and complain to your Governor. The likelihood that the person you are complaining to goes to the same hospital as you and your family goes up. Wouldn’t it be nice to be able to complain to somebody who is in the same boat you are who goes to the same healthcare network because they live in your neighborhood? To me, the most innovative thing we could do in healthcare in America is allow people in their own backyard to design healthcare systems that meet the unique needs of that State and give consumers a voice that really can be heard because, under this model, your statehouse and your Governor are going to have a lot of flexibility. They can’t spend it on roads and bridges. They have to spend it on healthcare. If they get really efficient, the sav-ings they will accrue stays in that State to even do more for healthcare so you will have a race for efficiency rath-er than just a race to write bigger and bigger checks. The big benefit to me is, if you are a healthcare consumer, you will finally have somebody you know you can talk to about what works and what doesn’t. We are about to talk about how we end this debate. I hope this idea will be looked at by not just Republicans but Democrats. If you are from West Vir-ginia—our good friend J OEMANCHIN — West Virginia gets 43 percent more dol-lars under the block grant than they would ObamaCare. West Virginia gets to determine how to spend that money more under the block grant than they would under ObamaCare. You can’t spend it on roads and bridges, but you have to spend it on healthcare. There are three things we are trying to achieve. We are not going to let four States take most of the money, a dis-proportionate share of the money. Over time, we are going to create a system— no matter where you live—you are going to get roughly the same amount of money from the Federal Govern-ment, but the money comes in a bock grant so the people in that State can use it without being dictated to by a Washington bureaucrat as long as it is on healthcare. The biggest thing we give you is a chance to have a voice about your healthcare because the peo-ple in charge of your healthcare will be in your own backyard, not in Wash-ington, somebody who doesn’t know you, you will never get to meet, and quite frankly doesn’t understand your world. I hope we can rally around this. These are not 100 percent done num-bers. Generally speaking, this is pretty accurate. It came from the Labor-HHS people. It may change a little bit, but when you start the debate with four States getting 40 percent of the money, clearly most of us are going to get more. When you see these big numbers like our friends in Oklahoma and Mon-tana, the reason you are getting so much more now is that the current sys-tem leaves you behind in an unfair way. My goal is, if you live in Oklahoma, New York, and California, the Federal Government is going to provide healthcare resources as equal as pos-sible, but those resources will be man-aged by people in the State, not bu-reaucrats in Washington. I hope over the coming day and a half that maybe we can rally around an idea that we should have started with to begin with. I don’t mind being gen-erous when it comes to putting money on the table to make sure people can afford healthcare. The tradeoff is as follows. We leave most of the ObamaCare taxes in place because we need a funding stream to level out the inequities. We are going to have a tax cut bill later. I want a flatter tax, a smaller corporate tax, and lower indi-vidual taxes, but this revenue stream coming from wealthy Americans is going to be used in a different fashion. It is going to provide resources to States that they can manage, unlike ObamaCare where one-size-fits-all. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.046 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4256 July 26, 2017 
To me, this is a tradeoff. To the peo-ple in West Virginia, I am not asking you to take less and have a tax cut for rich people. We are going to keep the wealthy taxes in place. I am asking the people of West Virginia to take 43 per-cent more money. It is not a trick. Use it wisely. Thank you all. I hope over the next day we can inform you about how your State benefits. To those States who are going to have to ramp down, the only reason you are ramping down is you are taking so much more from the rest of us. Quite frankly, that is not fair. We want to be fair to you and give you a chance to adjust, but the rest of us should stand up and say it is not fair that an American in California or New York or Massachusetts—all fine States—gets 40 percent of the money. That is not right. It is not right to have a one-size-fits- all healthcare system because you will not get the best product. The best product will come from innovation. Your strongest voice will come from having a say to people who live in your same community, talking to a politi-cian who sends their kids to the same hospital you do. That is what this is all about. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). Time will be equally charged to both sides. The Senator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be recog-nized in morning business for as much time as I shall consume. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, there seems to be some confusion. I will take whatever time you designate is left. I wanted to talk longer. The things the Senator from South Carolina was talking about are pretty amazing. I look at my State of Okla-homa. Did you know our premiums in the State of Oklahoma under ObamaCare have tripled? They have gone up 201 percent. When you look and you see the op-tions that are out there, what really disturbs me—I understand one big dif-ference between Democrats and Repub-licans is Democrats are disciplined, Re-publicans aren’t, so they are all voting against any kind of a change. I guess they all love ObamaCare. I can assure you, though, if you look at the charts the Senator from South Carolina was showing, you would won-der why in the world they would all be gathering around when they would dra-matically benefit by taking one of the alternatives to ObamaCare. I didn’t come down to talk about that, but I have to say, from a State where our premiums have gone up—tri-pled—you stop and you ask: What is this going to look like when we get the new bill done? We don’t know exactly what it is going to look like. It is going to have the individual mandates done away with. It is going to have the taxes re-duced. It is going to have block grants going to the States. Look at my State of Oklahoma. That will increase the amount of money that will be coming in, with less taxes, by 200 percent. I dare say, there are a lot of Democrats who would find that in the same situation. One last note about that, as I go back and I work around the State, I find there are a lot of people who are say-ing: I don’t like this alternative. I would only say, not just in Okla-homa but anywhere in the Nation, if you oppose what is going to be the al-ternative, what you are saying is, you would rather have ObamaCare. COMMENDING ATTORNEY GENERAL SESSIONS  
Mr. President, actually, I came to the floor for a different reason. It is probably the most awkward situation I have been in before. Since they cut me down to 8
1⁄2minutes, I will have to come back to the floor and embellish a little bit more. I am in an awkward sit-uation. First of all, I believe that we have a President in President Trump who is doing a great job. I look around and I see what is hap-pening to us. We are now a leader in the free world again. All kinds of things have happened that are very good. Yet I have to say the Attorney General, Jeff Sessions, if I could single out three people in the U.S. Senate whom I respect more, he would be among those. I am fortunate enough to have known him since the middle eighties, back during the Reagan administration. I knew him very well when he was elect-ed the first time in 1996. Here is a guy who is an outstanding guy, who does things, gets things done. Look at his accomplishments as Attorney General. In that short period of time, what he has done is, he has been working to crack down on immigration. He has performed some real miracles there, and he has worked on protecting law enforcement. In fact, a law enforce-ment group came out and singled him out as the most prominent and most popular Attorney General we have had. Look what he has done in his time, what he has introduced. Child abuse— he did the Child Abuse Act. He did it himself. Nobody else helped him. His quote was: ‘‘There is no higher duty than protecting our Nation’s children.’’ The Prison Rape Elimination Act, the first Federal law dealing with sexual assault on prisoners. A lot of those are young prisoners. We all know the sto-ries. He is the guy who passed that, and nobody else was in on that deal—just him. Forensic sciences, he has been able to be a champion there. I would have to say that the major thing he did during the time in his early years was that he was the one who was standing up against segrega-tion. He was the one who single- handedly put himself in a situation where he was taking on the bad guys, and he was desegregating the schools in Alabama. He was key to the prosecu-tion of the Klansmen for abducting and killing a Black teenager. We all re-member that. Who was that? Who did that? That was Jeff Sessions. So he gets things done. He was the one who was responsible for bankrupting the Klan in his State of Alabama. Here is a guy who has the sensitivity. I have never known a person I could respect more. That is what bothers me. I think we have a President who is doing a good job, and the only area where I disagree with him—he has this fight going with Jeff Sessions. Let me just say this: There is no one I hold in higher regard. He is about the most knowledgeable person, compas-sionate person, and honorable person we could have in that job. When there is more time on the schedule, I will come back and elabo-rate a little bit more on my hero Jeff Sessions and how he ought to remain in that office and do a great job for the United States. With that, I will comply with the re-quest and yield my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent that Senator E
NZIor his designee be recognized to offer the Heller amendment No. 288 and that the time until 6:10 p.m. be equally divided in the usual form on the Casey motion to commit and the Heller amendment. I further ask that at 6:10 p.m., the Sen-ate vote in relation to the Casey mo-tion, followed by a vote in relation to the Heller amendment, with 2 minutes of debate equally divided in the usual form between the votes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Delaware. Mr. ENZI addressed the Chair. Mr. CARPER. I am happy to yield. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. 
AMENDMENT NO . 288 TO AMENDMENT NO . 267 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I call up the Heller amendment No. 288. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Wyoming [Mr. E NZI], for Mr. H
ELLER , proposes an amendment num-bered 288 to amendment No. 267. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To express the sense of the Senate that Medicaid expansion is a priority and that Obamacare must be improved) At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. SENSE OF THE SENATE. 
It is the Sense of the Senate that— (1) the committee of jurisdiction of the Senate— (A) should review the issue of Medicaid ex-pansion and coverage for low-income Ameri-cans, and the incentives such expansion pro-vides States for certain services; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.047 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4257 July 26, 2017 
(B) should consider legislation that pro-vides incentives for States to prioritize Med-icaid services for individuals who have the greatest medical need, including individuals with disabilities; (C) should not consider legislation that re-duces or eliminates benefits or coverage for individuals who are currently eligible for Medicaid; (D) should not consider legislation that prevents or discourages a State from expand-ing its Medicaid program to include groups or individuals or types of services that are operational under current law; and (E) should not consider legislation that shifts costs to States to cover such care; (2) Obamacare should be repealed because it increases health care costs, limits patient choice of health plans and doctors, forces Americans to buy insurance that they do not want, cannot afford, or may not be able to access, and increases taxes on middle class families, which is evidenced by the facts that— (A) premiums for health plans offered on the Federal Exchange have doubled on aver-age over the last 4 years, and those increases are projected to continue; (B) 70 percent of counties have only a few options for Obamacare insurance in 2017, and at least 40 counties are expected to have zero insurers planning on their Exchange for 2018; (C) 2,300,000 Americans on the Exchange are projected to have only one insurer to choose from for plan year 2018; and (D) the Joint Committee on Taxation has identified significant and widespread tax in-creases on individuals earning less than $200,000; and (3) Obamacare should be replaced with pa-tient-centered legislation that— (A) provides access to quality, affordable private health care coverage for Americans and their families by increasing competition, State flexibility, and individual choice; and (B) strengthens Medicaid and empowers States through increased flexibility to best meet the needs of each State’s population. 
Mr. ENZI. I thank the Senator for yielding. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Delaware. Mr. CARPER. I was happy to yield. Good to see you. Mr. President, I want to say a few words about ObamaCare. If you ask most people in this country ‘‘What is ObamaCare?’’ my guess is, they prob-ably wouldn’t know. Those who do might think it has something to do with the exchanges that would allow people to have coverage who don’t have coverage on their own. They are not in a large group plan and they are not in-sured by their employer. They are not covered by Medicaid. They are not cov-ered by Medicare. Maybe they are not a veteran. And 5 or 6 or 7 percent of the people today get their coverage from something called the exchanges. We have large purchasing pools in each State that are insured by private health insurance. That was not in-vented by Barack Obama. People call it ObamaCare, but its roots go back well before he was a U.S. Senator, much less before he was President of the United States. The idea of these large pur-chasing pools in each State—called ex-changes—goes back to, as far as I can tell, 1993, when the new First Lady, Hillary Clinton, was offering to begin work to find a way to do what I think every President since Harry Truman has tried to do, and that is three things: provide better coverage for peo-ple in this country, do so at less cost, and cover everybody. I believe that has been the goal of every President since Harry Truman. When Lyndon Johnson was President, some notable progress was made with the introduction of Medicare and Med-icaid. But there were still a lot of peo-ple who, in 1993—in fact, in 2003 and 2008 and 2009—who didn’t have healthcare coverage in this country, tens of millions of people. In 1993, when Hillary Clinton worked on what was called—in some cases deri-sively—HillaryCare, she and others said to Republicans: Well, where is your idea? What is your idea? At least we have an idea. The Republicans ap-parently turned to the Heritage Foun-dation and said: Help us come up with an alternative. And Heritage did. The alternative they came up with was a market-based approach to providing coverage for people. The idea was that in every State across the country, something called an exchange or mar-ketplace would be created, which is really a large purchasing pool for peo-ple who don’t have coverage. So the idea of the exchanges origi-nally suggested by Hillary were intro-duced in the U.S. Senate by a Repub-lican Senator from Rhode Island named John Chafee, who was a very good man, a marine veteran, a former Governor, and a greatly admired U.S. Senator. He offered legislation to do five things. As far as I can tell, all ideas were sug-gested by the Heritage Foundation. No. 1, create purchasing pools in every State. People who didn’t have coverage could buy their coverage as a member of a much larger purchasing pool, and by doing that, bring down the cost of coverage. The second thing in the Chafee legis-lation in 1993 was to allow folks who bought their coverage through the ex-changes to be eligible for a slight tax credit—the lower their income, the big-ger the tax credit. When their income reached a certain level, the tax credit would go away. The third component of the Chafee proposal—again, going back to Herit-age—was the idea of individual man-dates. You can’t make people get cov-erage, but in the case of the Chafee leg-islation, provide for a monetary fine for people who failed to get coverage. Over time, the amount of that fine would go up. The idea was to make sure that younger, healthier people would get healthcare coverage, and they would sign up for coverage in the exchanges. That way, the insurance companies would have a healthy mix of people to insure. Otherwise, people would wait until they were really sick—they need to go see a doctor, go to the hospital, or have an operation— to get their coverage, and then the health insurance companies would be left with a tough mix of people to in-sure. Financially, that would be very challenging for health insurance com-panies. They said: We need something to ensure that young, healthy people get their coverage through the ex-changes. The fourth piece of the 1993 legisla-tion offered by Senator Chafee said that employers of a certain size, with a certain number of employees, have to cover their employees. You don’t have to cover them 100 percent for their in-surance and their family’s insurance, but they have to be covered with insur-ance and have access to health insur-ance through their employer. The fifth and last piece of ObamaCare, which is really the Herit-age Foundation’s idea, was a prohibi-tion against health insurance compa-nies saying to people who have a pre-existing condition—they had to cover people with preexisting conditions in these exchanges. That is what people think of and call ObamaCare. Barack Obama is a bright guy. I knew him before he was a U.S. Senator. I knew him when he was a State sen-ator. He didn’t invent it. It was not made up in his head. The source of those ideas was originally the Heritage Foundation. I actually think they are good ideas. I thought they were good ideas then, and I think they are good ideas now. Somewhere between 1993 and 2009, when we debated on this floor the Af-fordable Care Act—including ex-changes, tax credits, the individual mandate, the employer mandate, a pro-hibition against insurance companies not covering people with preexisting conditions—somewhere between 1993 and the debate here in 2009 on the Af-fordable Care Act, a Governor of Mas-sachusetts said: Why don’t we try to be the first State to provide healthcare coverage for everybody? And they took that Chafee legislation—the Heritage Foundation idea—dusted it off, and turned it into RomneyCare. It actually worked pretty well. They sure covered a whole lot of people in that State who hadn’t been covered before. They cov-ered a lot of people who were not eligi-ble for Medicaid, not eligible for Medi-care, maybe not a veteran. They were not receiving coverage from a large group plan, so they now had an option to get coverage in the exchanges. For those who chose not to in Massa-chusetts, they had to pay a fine. As it turns out, it was not a very big fine, and it went up over time but not quick-ly and not very high. So did some peo-ple who were young and healthy get coverage in the exchanges in Massa-chusetts? Yes. If you asked some of the people who were involved with Gov-ernor Romney at that time, they would say that if they had to do it over again, the fine would have started a little big-ger and gone up a little faster in order to make sure healthier, insurable peo-ple got into the exchanges for their coverage. Well, in 2009, we were here on this floor and debating what some people 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.005 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4258 July 26, 2017 
still call ObamaCare, but it is some-thing else. It is really RomneyCare. It is really ChafeeCare. It is really HeritageCare. But it ain’t ObamaCare. It is a market-based idea to get cov-erage for people. I think it happens to be a good idea. Right now, this administration has done their dead level best to destabilize the exchanges. They made it a question of whether the individual mandates will be enforced. If young, healthy peo-ple decline to sign up for coverage, will there be a fine they would have to pay? Will it go up over time? This adminis-tration has thrown big doubt on that. As a result, a lot of young people haven’t signed up. They are not sure they really need to. We had something in place for a cou-ple of years called CRAs, cost-sharing arrangements. Think, if you will, about people who are buying their healthcare coverage on the exchanges. Their in-come is under 250 percent of poverty. For several years now, they have been able to get help paying down their copays and their deductibles when they get their coverage on the exchanges. What this administration has sought to do is throw doubt on whether those cost-sharing arrangements will con-tinue. What has happened as a result is the health insurance companies, which lost their shirts in 2014, raised pre-miums, deductibles, and copays. They lost money again in 2015, but less. They raised premiums, deductibles, and copays, and lost money in 2016, but less. Some of them even actually made some money. They were not in a death spiral. According to Standard and Poor’s, they were actually coming to a stronger financial position. Enter into that this administration throwing doubt on whether the ex-change are going to be around, the in-dividual mandate is going to be en-forced, these cost-sharing reductions are going to continue to be offered. That is why a lot of the health insur-ance companies in this country decided they are going to get out in different States. They are not going to offer cov-erage in a number of States, a number of counties. That is why. Businesses need certainty and they need predict-ability, and that includes health insur-ance costs. Frankly, they didn’t have that certainty and predictability. If we are smart about it, we will hit the ‘‘pause’’ button and maybe, before we do anything else, provide the cer-tainty and the stability in the ex-changes that are needed. And for the health insurance companies, make sure they will offer coverage without having to fear that they will be back in 2014 and lose their shirts again. That is not why they are in business. There are three things that need to be done in order to stabilize the ex-changes. The first thing that needs to be done is the individual mandate, which we have by law. It says: If you don’t have healthcare coverage, get your coverage on the exchange. If you choose not to, you have to pay a fine. Over time, that fine goes up. We need to preserve something that works like the individual mandate— maybe, ideally, the individual mandate as it is, and if we can’t get the votes for that, then something that works at least as well as the individual mandate in making sure people—healthy people too—get their coverage on the ex-changes if they are eligible. The second thing we ought to do is reinsurance. Senator K
AINE, myself, and others, including some recovering Governors who serve here in the Sen-ate, have cosponsored legislation that we have described as reinsurance. I am told it has been around forever in the insurance business, and it is one of the reasons the Medicare Part D drug pro-gram is successful and works. The way it works, quite simply, is this: Say an individual who has serious medical problems gets their coverage in the exchanges. They first start in 2018. In 2018, 2019, and 2020, for a person who has significant health challenges and is expensive to insure, the first $50,000 of their cost to the insurer in a year would be borne by the insurer. Be-tween $50,000 and $500,000 for one indi-vidual for one year, the Federal Gov-ernment would pay 80 percent of that. It is reinsurance. For anything over that in those 3 years, 2018 through 2020, the first 3 years, anything between $50 and $500,000, the Federal Government would pay 80 percent. Starting in 2021 and beyond, the rein-surance program would continue, but it would be a little bit different. In 2021 and beyond, the first $100,000 of costs incurred by an individual covered by a policy in the exchange—the first $100,000 would be on the insurance com-pany. They would have the liability. Anything between $100,000 and $500,000 in one year for that individual, 80 per-cent of that cost would be borne by the Federal Government. Anything above $500,000 from 2021 and beyond would be borne, again, by the insurance com-pany. It is called reinsurance. The last piece of the three is to make it clear that these cost-sharing reduc-tions are reduced and make sure that the copays and the deductibles will continue to be subsidized by the Fed-eral Government. It will reduce the out-of-pocket costs for people whose income is below 250 percent of poverty. If we do those three things, the insur-ance companies tell us we will stabilize the exchanges. They will have a healthy group of people to insure. More insurance companies will come in to provide coverage in States and in coun-ties. More insurance companies pro-viding policies and coverage leads to competition. The competition leads to better quality coverage, and the com-petition leads to lower prices—lower prices for individuals who are getting their coverage in the exchanges and lower prices, we are told, for Uncle Sam. The Federal Government, the costs to the Treasury, will be reduced, as well, if we do these three things. Again, we are told by the health in-surance companies that have been re-luctant to stay in the exchanges, if we do those three things, we would reduce the cost of premiums in the exchanges by 25 to 35 percent. That helps individ-uals get their coverage, and it helps the government, too, in reducing our exposure. I think that makes a lot of sense. Unfortunately, what our colleagues here on the floor are talking about doing—and the rumors we hear about some kind of skinny repeal—certainly, it doesn’t stabilize the exchanges. It does more to destabilize the exchanges. That isn’t where we need to go. We need to hit the pause button and say: Let’s stabilize the exchanges, and then let’s revert to regular order. Peo-ple have ideas on health insurance. Let’s introduce bills. Let’s have hear-ings with witnesses who come in and say what is good or what is bad. The witnesses could include Governors, health insurance folks, providers, nor-mal people. Let’s have a debate. Let Members offer amendments in committee, have votes, report the bills out, and eventu-ally bring them here and go through the same thing. We call that regular order. J
OHN MCCAIN, in his return speech yesterday—thank God he is back—called again and again for return to regular order. We need to do that, and if we do, we will end up not with a Democratic victory or a Republican victory or a Trump victory, we might win a victory for democracy and actu-ally doing what is right and what needs to be done. That, most of all, is what we need to do. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Hampshire. Ms. HASSAN. Mr. President, I rise today in support of Senator C
ASEY ’s motion to strike provisions from TrumpCare that would harm individ-uals with disabilities by reducing their access to affordable healthcare or lim-iting coverage or benefits under Med-icaid or in the private health insurance market. Today, as Senator C
ASEY noted, we celebrate the 27th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act, recog-nizing the enormous contributions that Americans who experience disabilities have made in communities in New Hampshire and across our Nation. Unfortunately, Senate Republicans are proposing massive cuts to tradi-tional Medicaid, which threaten the support that individuals who experi-ence disabilities need to thrive in their homes, their schools, and their commu-nities. A few weeks ago, I visited an organi-zation called Granite State Inde-pendent Living in Concord, NH. It is a nonprofit that helps individuals with disabilities of all ages to try to have an independent life for themselves. What struck me the most was the consistent theme that I heard over and over from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.051 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4259 July 26, 2017 
different people who experience dif-ferent disabilities. They said that be-cause of services like personal care at-tendants, transportation help, and other medical supports, they were able to work and live more independent lives. Many shared their biggest fears about what would happen if they didn’t receive the support—a real possibility if plans to decimate Medicaid go into effect. Their biggest fear is that inde-pendence would go away. There were fears of becoming a burden for their families or having family members have to give up their jobs or having to be put in a nursing home because that would be the only way they could sur-vive. Person after person talked about how much they wanted to contribute to American life—to their communities, to their States, and to our economy. I kept thinking that all of these people were expressing such an American value with their desires to roll up their sleeves, do everything they could to make a difference, to be self-sufficient, to be independent. The ability for Americans who expe-rience disabilities to reach their full potential is truly put at risk with some of these TrumpCare proposals, and just a little while ago on the floor, I heard a discussion that perhaps there might be a proposal put forward on the floor— maybe this evening—that would record a sense of the Senate that the Senate wants to make sure that whatever ac-tion it takes will not hurt people with disabilities. It will support people with disabilities. There is no doubt that a kind word can go a long way on a difficult day, but as someone who has raised a child who has experienced severe disabilities, as someone who has spent a lot of time talking to people with disabilities and their families, I can tell you that sym-pathy and empathy only go so far. The people I know who experience disabilities want to do everything they can to support themselves, to be inde-pendent, to be able to reach their full potential. There is a difference between charity and justice, and while none of us would ever reject the kindness that so many people demonstrate to people with disabilities, what we really should be working toward is making sure peo-ple with disabilities have the same ac-cess to healthcare, to education, to the workforce that will allow them to have what every American wants, which is an independent life where they are free to chart their own course, support themselves, move forward. We celebrate the 27th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act today—one of our great moments in this country, as we have reminded our-selves of our Founders’ vision. Our Founders said that every single person counts, and while they didn’t honor that principle perfectly at our found-ing, while they did not count everyone at first, they have had the confidence that every generation of Americans would move forward, bringing in more and more people from the margins into the heart and soul of our democracy, our communities, our economy, and, in doing that, we would unleash the tal-ent and energy of more and more Americans. It is that talent and energy that has been the secret of our coun-try’s success. It is our vision that con-tinues to drive us forward. On this day of all days, when we cele-brate the progress we have made to honor the freedom, strength, and pro-ductivity of Americans who experience disabilities, the last thing we should do is pull the rug out from under those very people by decimating the Med-icaid Program that provides them the kind of support that actually allows them to be free, to work hard, to be with their families, to make a dif-ference, to be treated like every other American, to have the rights of every other American, and to feel like every other American. We can’t afford to go back to the days when we marginalized or didn’t assist some of our most vulnerable peo-ple—people who want to participate and contribute to their communities and to the country they love. So I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of Sen-ator C
ASEY ’s motion and make clear that individuals with disabilities de-serve the right to receive the support they need at home, at school, and in their communities, so they can be free and thrive. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I have listened very carefully to the majority leader and his requests that we come forward and bring amendments to the floor—all of our ideas about how we can improve our healthcare system so that this would be an opportunity through budget reconciliation for us to deal with those issues. I asked my staff to prepare amend-ments in order to protect the Medicaid system from cuts. I asked my staff to prepare amendments to protect the es-sential health benefits that are in the Affordable Care Act because it is im-portant that we preserve those bene-fits, whether it is mental health and addiction services or one that is par-ticularly important to Maryland; that is, pediatric dental. In Maryland, we all recall the loss of a 12-year-old not too many years ago because he couldn’t get dental care—Deamonte Driver. I asked my staff to take a look at preparing amendments to protect mi-nority health and health disparities be-cause the Affordable Care Act made tremendous advancements in trying to close that gap on the disparities in mi-nority health and health disparities. I asked my staff to take a look at the tax provisions because we want to make sure that we are not giving tax cuts to wealthy people at the expense of cutting the Medicaid system. I asked them to look at this in a lot of dif-ferent ways. Listening to the majority leader, I also have introduced legislation that I will talk about that could build on the Affordable Care Act, and I was won-dering what bill I should amend? What is the bill that we are considering? It is not the bill that Senator MCCONNELL  brought forward because that bill was defeated. It is not the repeal—and we are starting with a blank slate—be-cause that was defeated. I don’t believe it is the House bill because that has been discredited, called a mean bill by the President, as well as by Members of this body, who said it has no chance of passing. So my dilemma is that I don’t know what I should be amending. I expect we will get to see another bill somewhere along the process with virtually no notice and no opportunity to read and no opportunity to amend, but the majority leader says I am going to have that opportunity. Yet we don’t know what the bill is that I am supposed to be addressing my amend-ments to. We know that all the bills we have seen today—every single one from the Republicans—have been scored by the Congressional Budget Office as to tens of millions of Americans losing their insurance coverage—tens of millions. I understand it is about 33 million if we just repeal the Affordable Care Act, 22 million if we use the type of replace-ment that the majority leader was sug-gesting. All of those move in the wrong direction. We also know that in every one of these proposals to date, insurance pre-miums are going to go up, not down. That is one thing I have heard from my constituents. They would like to see us bring down the growth rate of health insurance costs and healthcare, not increase it. So, yes, I would like to be able to offer amendments, but I don’t know what to offer amendments to. I also am concerned when I see that every one of the bills that have been suggested by the Republicans would re-verse the protections that we put in law against the wrong practices—the discriminatory practices—of insurance companies. I have talked to many of my constituents who tell me that if we reimpose caps, either yearly or life-time—they have the circumstance where their child was born with a dis-ability and that cap would have been expended within a matter of months— they would be left without insurance coverage. They tell me about how pre-existing conditions could be jeopard-ized. All of us have some form of pre-existing condition, and, on a lot of these plans that are being suggested where you could choose the type of coverage you want, insurance compa-nies are not going to offer the benefits you need. People who have challenges are going to be most discriminated against. So I don’t quite understand how I can offer amendments and we could have a vote on the floor when we don’t know what we are trying to amend. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.053 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4260 July 26, 2017 
I must state that there is a common theme here, and we know it. We know that there is now talk that the major-ity leader might bring up, sometime during this process, what has been called in the press a ‘‘skinny’’ bill. I call it a slow death of the Affordable Care Act, and, in fact, I am afraid it might be a fast death of the Affordable Care Act because, if the reports are ac-curate, one of the provisions that the majority leader is looking to bring in as the final bill that we would vote on would eliminate the requirement that companies have to provide insurance coverage to their employees and indi-viduals must have coverage. Now that seems innocent enough, ex-cept for the tens of millions who are going to lose their insurance cov-erage—people who are working for companies that decide to terminate their policies, healthy people who de-cide not to buy insurance policies. I be-lieve you are going to find that there still will be tens of millions of people losing their insurance coverage, and that is unacceptable. But it goes be-yond that. That proposal will also in-crease premium costs by a very large percent. Why? Think about this for a moment. If you don’t have to buy insurance and you are young and healthy, are you going to buy insurance or not? Many will say no until they need the insur-ance, and then they will buy the insur-ance. Actuaries tell us that without the requirement to have insurance, the insurance pools will contain a very high percentage of adverse risks—peo-ple at higher risk—and when that hap-pens, the purpose of insurance to spread the risk is no longer done. It means premiums will go up dramati-cally. That doesn’t help the people who are going to need it. What you also find when you elimi-nate this requirement is that people get what we call job locked. They may have a company that provides health benefits, but now they may have to leave that company. But if they want to leave that company and start a job or go to another job that doesn’t have insurance, they are locked into where they work. All of that adds to anxiety, adds to lack of coverage, adds to people who don’t have health insurance, adds to people not getting adequate healthcare, adds to bankruptcies, adds to the problems that we addressed with the Affordable Care Act. But there is another explanation here. Maybe this is just a shell bill that is going to go back—hopefully, as the Republicans believe, but I hope it does not happen—to the House, and then we will put in the Medicaid cuts and the tax relief and all the other things that are not in the bill. This is just a shell to get us back to one of the bills that couldn’t get the votes here on the floor, where tens of millions of people will lose their insurance coverage, pre-miums will go up, and insurance com-pany arbitrary and discriminatory practices will return. Every one of these proposals—every single one—moves us in the wrong di-rection in healthcare. We recognize that we can improve our healthcare system. I am for improving our healthcare system. I think we can work together—Democrats and Repub-licans—to improve our healthcare sys-tem. So here is my request: Vote for the Casey motion. Why? For two reasons. One, I would hope that on this anniver-sary of the ADA, or the Americans with Disabilities Act, we would want to do no harm to those with disabilities in our healthcare system and they would have adequate coverage. I was in a celebration over the weekend in Balti-more City with the disabilities commu-nity. We celebrated one of the great victories in America, the Americans with Disabilities Act—a bipartisan bill, with Democrats and Republicans com-ing together in a proud moment, in the best traditions of the Senate, to say that people with disabilities will be treated fairly in America. On this day we should adopt the Casey motion on the issue of protecting people with dis-abilities. But there is a second issue here. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator’s time has expired. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for 2 addi-tional minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CARDIN. I will try to conclude my remarks. On this day that we are celebrating the anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act, let’s do right by that. There is a second part to the Casey motion that sends it back to committee so we can use the regular process, as Senator M
CCAIN talked about yesterday. Let’s have the com-mittee hearings, as Senator A
LEX-
ANDER talked about. Let’s have the committee markups and work to-gether. I introduced legislation that would bring down the cost of healthcare and lower the rate of in-crease of individual premiums. I do that by suggesting more competition in the individual marketplace, by hav-ing a public option, by providing stronger subsidies to lower income families, by making sure that cost- sharing is in fact paid for so we don’t have that uncertainty, with the rein-surance that Senator C
ARPER was talk-ing about to deal with the overall cost of healthcare, by dealing with prescrip-tion drug costs, and by dealing with co-ordinated care so that we can deal with the whole patient rather than their in-dividual disease. All of those issues would improve the Affordable Care Act, but before we get there, we have to get off of this train. We have to stop this disastrous course. I am going to do everything in my power to make sure that, as to the bill we have, whenever it comes forward, we stop it right here, and then work to-gether, Democrats and Republicans, to improve our healthcare system, not to take away insurance coverage and in-crease costs for so many Americans. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Illinois. Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. President, I rise in support of Senator CASEY ’s mo-tion protecting people with disabil-ities. The PRESIDING OFFICER. I am sorry. There is no Democratic time re-maining. The Senator from Nevada. Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, I rise today to talk about my amendment, Heller amendment No. 288. My amendment reinforces the impor-tant role Medicaid has played in my home State and in the States of many of my colleagues here today. Let me explain the impact Medicaid has had on the State of Nevada. As many of you know, the State of Nevada was the first to expand Medicaid. Be-fore Nevada made that decision, the State’s uninsured rate was at 23 per-cent, and it was one of the highest in the country. So think about that for a minute. One in four Nevadans did not have healthcare coverage. Under ex-panded Medicaid today, Nevadans’ un-insured rate is between 11 percent and 12 percent. I have also seen the number of uninsured people living in Nevada’s rural communities cut in half, and I have seen major gains with the number of children in our State with healthcare coverage. In fact, Nevada has seen one of the most significant decreases in uninsured children in the country. In 2013, our State had the highest rate of uninsured children in the country. We were ranked 50th in the nation. Now I can proudly say that Nevada is the most improved State when it comes to ad-dressing our rates of uninsured chil-dren. Our State has made significant progress since the State’s decision to expand Medicaid, and that has made a big impression on me. Over the past few months, I have had the privilege of meeting with Nevadans here in Washington, DC, as well as back home, to discuss healthcare. The resounding message I continue to hear is that, because of Medicaid expansion, more than 200,000 Nevadans have health insurance today who otherwise wouldn’t. The other resounding mes-sage I hear is that drastic cuts to the Medicaid Program threaten the critical services that Nevadans rely on. Let me read you a letter I received from a woman in Las Vegas. She said: 
My oldest child has Down Syndrome and has depended on Medicaid since the day she was born, and was denied healthcare because of preexisting conditions that she was born with. My husband and I are hardworking Americans. We started our own business 5 years ago and have seen that business grow more and more each year. We do not rely on the government for assistance, other than Medicaid coverage. Without it, we would be unable to afford the numerous appointments with specialists and surgeries that keep our daughter happy, healthy, and progressing in life. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.054 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4261 July 26, 2017 
This is one example of the real sto-ries behind the numbers, and I want to do everything I can to make sure they are protected and their coverage is not threatened. I want to make sure their daughter has healthcare coverage today and tomorrow. Medicaid also plays a crucial role in Nevada when it comes to covering the elderly and people with disabilities. More than 30,000 of Nevada’s seniors re-ceive healthcare through Medicaid, in-cluding nursing home care and services that help them live at home. In fact, more than half of Nevada’s nursing home residents are covered by Med-icaid. Nearly 50,000 people with disabil-ities in Nevada now have access to care that helps them live independently, thanks to Medicaid. Karen from Henderson recently con-tacted me and said that her adult son has MS and depends on Medicaid to help cover the cost of his medication, which costs $300 per month. Without Medicaid, he can’t afford it. One Nevadan traveled all the way from Las Vegas to talk with me about her two sons with cystic fibrosis. She is worried about any legislation that would jeopardize access to care for peo-ple with serious, chronic illnesses, such as the ones her sons are struggling with. In total, over 631,000 people in Nevada are covered by the Medicaid Program. That is low-income children, pregnant women, seniors, and people with dis-abilities. It is why I have said since the beginning of the healthcare debate, that I will only support a solution that protects Nevada’s most vulnerable. The House bill didn’t go far enough to do that, and neither did the Senate’s bill, and that is why I voted against it last night. Nevada faces unique challenges when it comes to healthcare. I have spent the past few months trying to find ways to protect Nevadans who depend on Medicaid and provide coverage for those with preexisting conditions, all the while bringing down costs and im-proving quality and access to care. I have also been having discussions with Nevadans in Washington and back home to hear from them how potential changes could impact their care. Whether it is a mom in Reno who has a son with a heart condition and is ter-rified about the future of his treat-ments or the nurses from Las Vegas who came all the way to DC because they are worried that their patients could lose coverage, I have been listen-ing and I do understand. Make no mistake, ObamaCare needs fixing. It has led to higher costs and fewer choices in my State. For the past 7 years, I have said that we need more competition to drive down costs and in-crease competition for Nevadans. My discussions with Nevadans in Wash-ington and back home have also al-lowed me the opportunity to hear from them how potential changes could im-pact their care. I believe we can achieve these goals while recognizing the role that Medicaid plays in our States and ensuring that those who have coverage today are protected. My role as a Senator is doing the very best I can for my State, and that means standing up for Nevadans who depend on Medicaid. We are having this debate because I do believe there are commonsense solutions that can im-prove our healthcare system, and I voted to give us the opportunity to have that discussion and to fight for them. But, as I have said all along, healthcare reform cannot be balanced on the backs of Nevada’s low-income families and sickest individuals. That is something I cannot and I will not stand for. We can work to find a way to lower costs, increase choices, and improve the quality of care for Nevadans every-where, but we can do it in a way that also protects our most vulnerable. That is why for the past few months I have been working with my colleagues in the Senate who also understand the unique challenges expansion States face, and we have been fighting for so-lutions that will protect those who cur-rently rely on the Medicaid Program. It hasn’t been easy, but that is the way it is supposed to be, and that is OK. I am here to roll up my sleeves, get to work, and fight for policies that will be in the best interests of all Nevadans. So I encourage my colleagues to sup-port this amendment, Heller No. 288, today to reiterate the value of Med-icaid in our States. We have much work ahead of us to do to improve the healthcare system for Nevadans and Americans across this country. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Illinois. Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. President, I speak in support of Senator C
ASEY ’s motion protecting people with disabil-ities. It is appalling that the Republican Party is working to strip healthcare from the disability community on the very anniversary of the day when we passed monumental legislation that improved the lives of Americans with disabilities. It was 27 years ago that the Ameri-cans with Disabilities Act—one of the most important pieces of legislation of our time—was signed into law, and it is a shame that as we celebrate our great achievement for equality, we are mov-ing backward rather than building on the progress our community has worked so hard on to make it so Amer-icans with disabilities can live healthy, productive, independent lives. We can-not afford to move backward, and I will not sit quietly by and let that happen and neither will my constituents. I have heard from thousands of Illi-noisans who are struggling to under-stand why lawmakers are considering ripping away the care that is keeping them alive and allowing them to be independent and productive members of our community. I want to share just one of their stories with you. It is about a woman by the name of Jessica Baker, from Mascoutah, IL. Nearly 10 years ago, when she was a healthy and young 19-year-old, her en-tire life changed. Jessica was driving on the highway on a foggy morning. Because of the lack of visibility on the road, a truckdriver ahead of her ran through two cars. Jessica, just feet be-hind the truck, never saw the brake light go off. She struck that semi- truck and became part of a 20-car pile-up. This young, healthy woman’s life completely changed in an instant. Jessica is now 29 years old and is a quadriplegic. She depends on Medicaid for her healthcare needs. She is living an independent life and has done well under the ACA. Now she fears she will lose her care that the law has helped her to receive. Jessica was a healthy, vital person whose life changed in an instant. I understand how that feels. I went from being a soldier—one of the most physically fit people among my peers— to becoming wheelchair bound. So many of our brave men and women take that risk every single day, and we must be completely honest with our-selves as any American’s life can change in the blink of an eye. The healthy can become sick, and the able- bodied can become disabled in a single moment. Any one of us can end up at the mercy of our healthcare system. After her accident, Jessica had to fight for her life and relearn how to live as a thriving young person. Now Senate Republicans and President Trump are threatening her life by eliminating her access to care. As proud as I am to be a part of the Sen-ate Chamber, which passed the monu-mental ADA, I am also appalled by what the Republicans in this body are doing today. Yesterday’s vote to proceed on a de-bate on a bill that would rob tens of millions of their health insurance is ut-terly shameful. It would jeopardize a program that 1 in 10 veterans, 2 out of 3 nursing home residents, and children with autism, Down syndrome, and spe-cial needs depend on. That is simply unacceptable. Senate Republicans have done everything they can to hide their legislation from the American people, crafting it in secret, behind closed doors. However, one thing remains clear; that the fight to protect healthcare is not over. This is the time for the American people to keep speaking up, to make their voices heard, and Senate Repub-licans must listen. They must listen to their constituents and to the most vul-nerable among us, like the members of the disability community who have been here day after day, literally, fighting for their lives. Day after day, I see people who come into my office who say: Save me. Save my child. Save our lives. That is why I am working every sin-gle day to not only push back against these Republican efforts to strip away care from those who need it the most 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.056 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4262 July 26, 2017 
but also to bring people together on commonsense improvements to our current healthcare system. We cannot be a nation that says: If you are sick or ill, we are going to leave you behind. That is simply not who we are. We are the greatest democracy on the face of the Earth, and we do not leave our most vulnerable behind. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The Senator from Pennsyl-vania. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I know the Chair said I may speak for a few minutes before the vote. I spoke earlier so I will not reiterate every argument. Really, what we are doing with this particular amendment is sending this legislation to the Finance Committee so as to focus it as the motion itself says: When this bill would be recom-mitted to the Finance Committee, the Finance Committee could examine it from the perspective, in this case, of people with disabilities and to focus on changes that could be made in order to prevent harm to individuals with dis-abilities as defined in the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. The reason we mention that particu-larly is that is the seminal piece of leg-islation to protect people with disabil-ities who would be harmed by this leg-islation because you cannot just have rights that are guaranteed without the support for those rights. Medicaid pro-vides that support so folks, if they want to live at home or if they want to live in a community-based setting, can do that, but they can only do that with the help of Medicaid. It is a pretty sim-ple amendment to make sure there is some adequate review of the impact on Americans with disabilities. We have, in Pennsylvania, for exam-ple, over 720,000 people who have a dis-ability and depend upon Medicaid. I want to make sure every one of those Pennsylvanians has all of the protec-tions we say we are guaranteeing with disability legislation—with laws like the Americans with Disabilities Act and with the protections Medicaid pro-vides. This is critically important. At a time when we are talking about free-dom and liberty in the context of healthcare, I would hope we would take steps to guarantee that freedom and liberty apply to those with disabilities so that as the Americans with Disabil-ities Act has enshrined in our law, they may be able to choose the kind of places they want to live and choose the settings within which they want to live their lives, to be able to have the free-dom to choose that by way of the sup-port they can get from Medicaid. I hope that is something that is reasonable enough so as to get support from both sides of the aisle. I know my friend from Nevada is of-fering a sense of the Senate in the next vote. I just do not think that a sense of the Senate, in any way, is commensu-rate with the gravity of this problem. There is a time and a place for a sense of the Senate—when we are expressing a sentiment that is bipartisan—but we need more than sentimentality here. We need more than good wishes. We need to make sure we get this policy right as it relates to people with dis-abilities. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time has expired. VOTE ON MOTION TO COMMIT  
The question occurs on agreeing to the Casey motion to commit. The Senator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ). The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 48, nays 51, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 171 Leg.] YEAS—48 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—51 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Kennedy Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NOT VOTING—1 
Johnson 
The motion was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 288 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is now 2 minutes equally divided before the vote on the Heller amendment. The Senator from Nevada. Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, I have an amendment at the desk that would express the importance of Medicaid in our individual States. I would like to read from it two provisions that I think are important to this whole body; that is, the Senate prioritizes ‘‘Medicaid services for individuals who have the greatest medical need, includ-ing individuals with disabilities;’’ also, that we ‘‘should not consider legisla-tion that reduces or eliminates benefits or coverage for individuals who are currently eligible for Medicaid.’’ That is the amendment. I want ev-eryone to express for their own States how important the Medicaid Program is for their States, and I would urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote from my colleagues. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I raise a point of order that the pending amendment violates section 313(b)1(A) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. I am glad that the Senator from Ne-vada is concerned about Medicaid, but I would remind the Senate that yester-day the vast majority of Republicans voted to throw 15 million people off of Medicaid on their way to end health in-surance for 22 million Americans. Our job as a nation is to guarantee healthcare to every man, woman, and child and join the rest of the industri-alized world, not throw disabled chil-dren off of the healthcare they cur-rently have. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. President, I raise a point of order that the pending amendment violates section 313(b)1(A) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Nevada. Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, pursu-ant to section 904 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and the waiver pro-visions of applicable budget resolu-tions, I move to waive all applicable sections of that act and applicable budget resolutions for purposes of amendment No. 288 and, if adopted, for the provisions of the adopted amend-ment included in any subsequent amendment to H.R. 1628 and any amendment between Houses or con-ference report thereon, and I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 10, nays 90, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 172 Leg.] YEAS—10 
Capito Cassidy Collins Enzi Gardner Heller McCain Murkowski Portman Sullivan 
NAYS—90 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Cochran Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.059 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4263 July 26, 2017 
Franken Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Strange Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). On this vote, the yeas are 10, the nays are 90. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. The point of order is sustained and the amendment falls. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
AMENDMENT NO . 340, AS MODIFIED , TO 
AMENDMENT NO . 267 
Mr. M CCONNELL . Madam President, I call up amendment No. 340, as modi-fied. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ], for Mr. D AINES , proposes an amend-ment numbered 340, as modified, to amend-ment No. 267. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment, as modified, is as follows: 
(Purpose: To provide for comprehensive health insurance coverage for all United States residents, improved health care de-livery, and for other purposes) Strike all after the first word and, insert the following: 
SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Expanded & Improved Medicare For All Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Definitions and terms. TITLE I—ELIGIBILITY AND BENEFITS Sec. 101. Eligibility and registration. Sec. 102. Benefits and portability. Sec. 103. Qualification of participating pro-viders. Sec. 104. Prohibition against duplicating coverage. TITLE II—FINANCES Subtitle A—Budgeting and Payments Sec. 201. Budgeting process. Sec. 202. Payment of providers and health care clinicians. Sec. 203. Payment for long-term care. Sec. 204. Mental health services. Sec. 205. Payment for prescription medica-tions, medical supplies, and medically necessary assistive equipment. Sec. 206. Consultation in establishing reim-bursement levels. Subtitle B—Funding Sec. 211. Overview: funding the Medicare For All Program. Sec. 212. Appropriations for existing pro-grams. TITLE III—ADMINISTRATION Sec. 301. Public administration; appoint-ment of Director. Sec. 302. Office of Quality Control. Sec. 303. Regional and State administration; employment of displaced cler-ical workers. Sec. 304. Confidential electronic patient record system. Sec. 305. National Board of Universal Qual-ity and Access. TITLE IV—ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS Sec. 401. Treatment of VA and IHS health programs. Sec. 402. Public health and prevention. Sec. 403. Reduction in health disparities. TITLE V—EFFECTIVE DATE Sec. 501. Effective date. SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS AND TERMS. 
In this Act: (1) M
EDICARE FOR ALL PROGRAM ; PRO-
GRAM .—The terms ‘‘Medicare For All Pro-gram’’ and ‘‘Program’’ mean the program of benefits provided under this Act and, unless the context otherwise requires, the Sec-retary with respect to functions relating to carrying out such program. (2) N
ATIONAL BOARD OF UNIVERSAL QUALITY  
AND ACCESS .—The term ‘‘National Board of Universal Quality and Access’’ means such Board established under section 305. (3) R
EGIONAL OFFICE .—The term ‘‘regional office’’ means a regional office established under section 303. (4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Health and Human Services. (5) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means, in relation to the Program, the Director ap-pointed under section 301. TITLE I—ELIGIBILITY AND BENEFITS 
SEC. 101. ELIGIBILITY AND REGISTRATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—All individuals residing in the United States (including any territory of the United States) are covered under the Medicare For All Program entitling them to a universal, best quality standard of care. Each such individual shall receive a card with a unique number in the mail. An indi-vidual’s Social Security number shall not be used for purposes of registration under this section. (b) R
EGISTRATION .—Individuals and fami-lies shall receive a Medicare For All Pro-gram Card in the mail, after filling out a Medicare For All Program application form at a health care provider. Such application form shall be no more than 2 pages long. (c) P
RESUMPTION .—Individuals who present themselves for covered services from a par-ticipating provider shall be presumed to be eligible for benefits under this Act, but shall complete an application for benefits in order to receive a Medicare For All Program Card and have payment made for such benefits. (d) R
ESIDENCY CRITERIA .—The Secretary shall promulgate a rule that provides cri-teria for determining residency for eligi-bility purposes under the Medicare For All Program. (e) C
OVERAGE FOR VISITORS .—The Sec-retary shall promulgate a rule regarding visitors from other countries who seek pre-meditated non-emergency surgical proce-dures. Such a rule should facilitate the es-tablishment of country-to-country reim-bursement arrangements or self pay arrange-ments between the visitor and the provider of care. SEC. 102. BENEFITS AND PORTABILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The health care benefits under this Act cover all medically necessary services, including at least the following: (1) Primary care and prevention. (2) Approved dietary and nutritional thera-pies. (3) Inpatient care. (4) Outpatient care. (5) Emergency care. (6) Prescription drugs. (7) Durable medical equipment. (8) Long-term care. (9) Palliative care. (10) Mental health services. (11) The full scope of dental services, serv-ices, including periodontics, oral surgery, and endodontics, but not including cosmetic dentistry. (12) Substance abuse treatment services. (13) Chiropractic services, not including electrical stimulation. (14) Basic vision care and vision correction (other than laser vision correction for cos-metic purposes). (15) Hearing services, including coverage of hearing aids. (16) Podiatric care. (b) P
ORTABILITY .—Such benefits are avail-able through any licensed health care clini-cian anywhere in the United States that is legally qualified to provide the benefits. (c) N
OCOST-SHARING .—No deductibles, co-payments, coinsurance, or other cost-sharing shall be imposed with respect to covered ben-efits. 
SEC. 103. QUALIFICATION OF PARTICIPATING PROVIDERS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT TOBEPUBLIC OR NON- P
ROFIT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—No institution may be a participating provider unless it is a public or not-for-profit institution. Private physi-cians, private clinics, and private health care providers shall continue to operate as pri-vate entities, but are prohibited from being investor owned. (2) C
ONVERSION OF INVESTOR -OWNED PRO -
VIDERS .—For-profit providers of care opting to participate shall be required to convert to not-for-profit status. (3) P
RIVATE DELIVERY OF CARE REQUIRE -
MENT .—For-profit providers of care that con-vert to non-profit status shall remain pri-vately owned and operated entities. (4) C
OMPENSATION FOR CONVERSION .—The owners of such for-profit providers shall be compensated for reasonable financial losses incurred as a result of the conversion from for-profit to non-profit status. (5) F
UNDING .—There are authorized to be appropriated from the Treasury such sums as are necessary to compensate investor-owned providers as provided for under paragraph (3). (6) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The payments to own-ers of converting for-profit providers shall occur during a 15-year period, through the sale of U.S. Treasury Bonds. Payment for conversions under paragraph (3) shall not be made for loss of business profits. (7) M
ECHANISM FOR CONVERSION PROCESS .— The Secretary shall promulgate a rule to provide a mechanism to further the timely, efficient, and feasible conversion of for-profit providers of care. (b) Q
UALITY STANDARDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Health care delivery fa-cilities must meet State quality and licens-ing guidelines as a condition of participation under such program, including guidelines re-garding safe staffing and quality of care. (2) L
ICENSURE REQUIREMENTS .—Partici- pating clinicians must be licensed in their State of practice and meet the quality stand-ards for their area of care. No clinician whose license is under suspension or who is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.043 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4264 July 26, 2017 
under disciplinary action in any State may be a participating provider. (c) P
ARTICIPATION OF HEALTH MAINTENANCE  O
RGANIZATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Non-profit health mainte-nance organizations that deliver care in their own facilities and employ clinicians on a salaried basis may participate in the pro-gram and receive global budgets or capita-tion payments as specified in section 202. (2) E
XCLUSION OF CERTAIN HEALTH MAINTE -
NANCE ORGANIZATIONS .—Other health mainte-nance organizations which principally con-tract to pay for services delivered by non- employees shall be classified as insurance plans. Such organizations shall not be par-ticipating providers, and are subject to the regulations promulgated by reason of section 104(a) (relating to prohibition against dupli-cating coverage). (d) F
REEDOM OF CHOICE .—Patients shall have free choice of participating physicians and other clinicians, hospitals, and inpatient care facilities. 
SEC. 104. PROHIBITION AGAINST DUPLICATING COVERAGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—It is unlawful for a pri-vate health insurer to sell health insurance coverage that duplicates the benefits pro-vided under this Act. (b) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this Act shall be construed as prohibiting the sale of health insurance coverage for any additional benefits not covered by this Act, such as for cosmetic surgery or other services and items that are not medically necessary. TITLE II—FINANCES Subtitle A—Budgeting and Payments 
SEC. 201. BUDGETING PROCESS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF OPERATING BUDGET  
ANDCAPITAL EXPENDITURES BUDGET .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—To carry out this Act there are established on an annual basis con-sistent with this title— (A) an operating budget, including amounts for optimal physician, nurse, and other health care professional staffing; (B) a capital expenditures budget; (C) reimbursement levels for providers con-sistent with subtitle B; and (D) a health professional education budget, including amounts for the continued funding of resident physician training programs. (2) R
EGIONAL ALLOCATION .—After Congress appropriates amounts for the annual budget for the Medicare For All Program, the Direc-tor shall provide the regional offices with an annual funding allotment to cover the costs of each region’s expenditures. Such allot-ment shall cover global budgets, reimburse-ments to clinicians, health professional edu-cation, and capital expenditures. Regional offices may receive additional funds from the national program at the discretion of the Di-rector. (b) O
PERATING BUDGET .—The operating budget shall be used for— (1) payment for services rendered by physi-cians and other clinicians; (2) global budgets for institutional pro-viders; (3) capitation payments for capitated groups; and (4) administration of the Program. (c) C
APITAL EXPENDITURES BUDGET .—The capital expenditures budget shall be used for funds needed for— (1) the construction or renovation of health facilities; and (2) for major equipment purchases. (d) P
ROHIBITION AGAINST CO-MINGLING OP-
ERATIONS AND CAPITAL IMPROVEMENT  F
UNDS .—It is prohibited to use funds under this Act that are earmarked— (1) for operations for capital expenditures; or (2) for capital expenditures for operations. SEC. 202. PAYMENT OF PROVIDERS AND HEALTH CARE CLINICIANS. 
(a) E STABLISHING GLOBAL BUDGETS ; MONTH -
LYLUMPSUM.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Medicare For All Pro-gram, through its regional offices, shall pay each institutional provider of care, including hospitals, nursing homes, community or mi-grant health centers, home care agencies, or other institutional providers or pre-paid group practices, a monthly lump sum to cover all operating expenses under a global budget. (2) E
STABLISHMENT OF GLOBAL BUDGETS .— The global budget of a provider shall be set through negotiations between providers, State directors, and regional directors, but are subject to the approval of the Director. The budget shall be negotiated annually, based on past expenditures, projected changes in levels of services, wages and input, costs, a provider’s maximum capacity to provide care, and proposed new and inno-vative programs. (b) T
HREE PAYMENT OPTIONS FOR PHYSI-
CIANS AND CERTAIN OTHER HEALTH PROFES -
SIONALS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Program shall pay physicians, dentists, doctors of osteopathy, pharmacists, psychologists, chiropractors, doctors of optometry, nurse practitioners, nurse midwives, physicians’ assistants, and other advanced practice clinicians as li-censed and regulated by the States by the following payment methods: (A) Fee for service payment under para-graph (2). (B) Salaried positions in institutions re-ceiving global budgets under paragraph (3). (C) Salaried positions within group prac-tices or non-profit health maintenance orga-nizations receiving capitation payments under paragraph (4). (2) F
EE FOR SERVICE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Program shall nego-tiate a simplified fee schedule that is fair and optimal with representatives of physi-cians and other clinicians, after close con-sultation with the National Board of Uni-versal Quality and Access and regional and State directors. Initially, the current pre-vailing fees or reimbursement would be the basis for the fee negotiation for all profes-sional services covered under this Act. (B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In establishing such schedule, the Director shall take into consid-eration the following: (i) The need for a uniform national stand-ard. (ii) The goal of ensuring that physicians, clinicians, pharmacists, and other medical professionals be compensated at a rate which reflects their expertise and the value of their services, regardless of geographic region and past fee schedules. (C) S
TATE PHYSICIAN PRACTICE REVIEW  
BOARDS .—The State director for each State, in consultation with representatives of the physician community of that State, shall es-tablish and appoint a physician practice re-view board to assure quality, cost effective-ness, and fair reimbursements for physician delivered services. (D) F
INAL GUIDELINES .—The Director shall be responsible for promulgating final guide-lines to all providers. (E) B
ILLING .—Under this Act physicians shall submit bills to the regional director on a simple form, or via computer. Interest shall be paid to providers who are not reim-bursed within 30 days of submission. (F) N
O BALANCE BILLING .—Licensed health care clinicians who accept any payment from the Medicare For All Program may not bill any patient for any covered service. (G) U
NIFORM COMPUTER ELECTRONIC BILLING  
SYSTEM .—The Director shall create a uni-form computerized electronic billing system, including those areas of the United States where electronic billing is not yet estab-lished. (3) SALARIES WITHIN INSTITUTIONS RECEIVING  
GLOBAL BUDGETS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of an institu-tion, such as a hospital, health center, group practice, community and migrant health center, or a home care agency that elects to be paid a monthly global budget for the de-livery of health care as well as for education and prevention programs, physicians and other clinicians employed by such institu-tions shall be reimbursed through a salary included as part of such a budget. (B) S
ALARY RANGES .—Salary ranges for health care providers shall be determined in the same way as fee schedules under para-graph (2). (4) S
ALARIES WITHIN CAPITATED GROUPS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Health maintenance or-ganizations, group practices, and other insti-tutions may elect to be paid capitation pay-ments to cover all outpatient, physician, and medical home care provided to individuals enrolled to receive benefits through the or-ganization or entity. (B) S
COPE.—Such capitation may include the costs of services of licensed physicians and other licensed, independent practi-tioners provided to inpatients. Other costs of inpatient and institutional care shall be ex-cluded from capitation payments, and shall be covered under institutions’ global budg-ets. (C) P
ROHIBITION OF SELECTIVE ENROLL -
MENT .—Patients shall be permitted to enroll or disenroll from such organizations or enti-ties without discrimination and with appro-priate notice. (D) H
EALTH MAINTENANCE ORGANIZATIONS .— Under this Act— (i) health maintenance organizations shall be required to reimburse physicians based on a salary; and (ii) financial incentives between such orga-nizations and physicians based on utilization are prohibited. 
SEC. 203. PAYMENT FOR LONG-TERM CARE. 
(a) A LLOTMENT FOR REGIONS .—The Pro-gram shall provide for each region a single budgetary allotment to cover a full array of long-term care services under this Act. (b) R
EGIONAL BUDGETS .—Each region shall provide a global budget to local long-term care providers for the full range of needed services, including in-home, nursing home, and community based care. (c) B
ASIS FOR BUDGETS .—Budgets for long- term care services under this section shall be based on past expenditures, financial and clinical performance, utilization, and pro-jected changes in service, wages, and other related factors. (d) F
AVORING NON-INSTITUTIONAL CARE.— All efforts shall be made under this Act to provide long-term care in a home- or com-munity-based setting, as opposed to institu-tional care. 
SEC. 204. MENTAL HEALTH SERVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Program shall pro-vide coverage for all medically necessary mental health care on the same basis as the coverage for other conditions. Licensed men-tal health clinicians shall be paid in the same manner as specified for other health professionals, as provided for in section 202(b). (b) F
AVORING COMMUNITY -BASED CARE.— The Medicare For All Program shall cover supportive residences, occupational therapy, and ongoing mental health and counseling services outside the hospital for patients with serious mental illness. In all cases the highest quality and most effective care shall be delivered, and, for some individuals, this may mean institutional care. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.046 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4265 July 26, 2017 
SEC. 205. PAYMENT FOR PRESCRIPTION MEDICA-TIONS, MEDICAL SUPPLIES, AND MEDICALLY NECESSARY ASSISTIVE EQUIPMENT. 
(a) N EGOTIATED PRICES .—The prices to be paid each year under this Act for covered pharmaceuticals, medical supplies, and medically necessary assistive equipment shall be negotiated annually by the Pro-gram. (b) P
RESCRIPTION DRUGFORMULARY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Program shall estab-lish a prescription drug formulary system, which shall encourage best-practices in pre-scribing and discourage the use of ineffec-tive, dangerous, or excessively costly medi-cations when better alternatives are avail-able. (2) P
ROMOTION OF USE OF GENERICS .—The formulary shall promote the use of generic medications but allow the use of brand-name and off-formulary medications. (3) F
ORMULARY UPDATES AND PETITION  
RIGHTS .—The formulary shall be updated fre-quently and clinicians and patients may pe-tition their region or the Director to add new pharmaceuticals or to remove ineffec-tive or dangerous medications from the for-mulary. 
SEC. 206. CONSULTATION IN ESTABLISHING RE-IMBURSEMENT LEVELS. 
Reimbursement levels under this subtitle shall be set after close consultation with re-gional and State Directors and after the an-nual meeting of National Board of Universal Quality and Access. Subtitle B—Funding 
SEC. 211. OVERVIEW: FUNDING THE MEDICARE FOR ALL PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Medicare For All Program is to be funded as provided in sub-section (c)(1). (b) M
EDICARE FORALLTRUST FUND.—There shall be established a Medicare For All Trust Fund in which funds provided under this sec-tion are deposited and from which expendi-tures under this Act are made. (c) F
UNDING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—There are appropriated to the Medicare For All Trust Fund amounts sufficient to carry out this Act from the fol-lowing sources: (A) Existing sources of Federal Govern-ment revenues for health care. (B) Increasing personal income taxes on the top 5 percent income earners. (C) Instituting a modest and progressive excise tax on payroll and self-employment income. (D) Instituting a modest tax on unearned income. (E) Instituting a small tax on stock and bond transactions. (2) S
YSTEM SAVINGS AS A SOURCE OF FINANC -
ING.—Funding otherwise required for the Program is reduced as a result of— (A) vastly reducing paperwork; (B) requiring a rational bulk procurement of medications under section 205(a); and (C) improved access to preventive health care. (3) A
DDITIONAL ANNUAL APPROPRIATIONS TO  
MEDICARE FOR ALL PROGRAM .—Additional sums are authorized to be appropriated an-nually as needed to maintain maximum quality, efficiency, and access under the Pro-gram. 
SEC. 212. APPROPRIATIONS FOR EXISTING PRO-GRAMS. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, there are hereby transferred and appro-priated to carry out this Act, amounts from the Treasury equivalent to the amounts the Secretary estimates would have been appro-priated and expended for Federal public health care programs, including funds that would have been appropriated under the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act, under the Medicaid pro-gram under title XIX of such Act, and under the Children’s Health Insurance Program under title XXI of such Act. TITLE III—ADMINISTRATION SEC. 301. PUBLIC ADMINISTRATION; APPOINT-MENT OF DIRECTOR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as otherwise spe-cifically provided, this Act shall be adminis-tered by the Secretary through a Director appointed by the Secretary. (b) L
ONG-TERM CARE.—The Director shall appoint a director for long-term care who shall be responsible for administration of this Act and ensuring the availability and accessibility of high quality long-term care services. (c) M
ENTAL HEALTH .—The Director shall appoint a director for mental health who shall be responsible for administration of this Act and ensuring the availability and accessibility of high quality mental health services. 
SEC. 302. OFFICE OF QUALITY CONTROL. 
The Director shall appoint a director for an Office of Quality Control. Such director shall, after consultation with State and re-gional directors, provide annual rec-ommendations to Congress, the President, the Secretary, and other Program officials on how to ensure the highest quality health care service delivery. The director of the Of-fice of Quality Control shall conduct an an-nual review on the adequacy of medically necessary services, and shall make rec-ommendations of any proposed changes to the Congress, the President, the Secretary, and other Medicare For All Program offi-cials. 
SEC. 303. REGIONAL AND STATE ADMINISTRA-TION; EMPLOYMENT OF DISPLACED CLERICAL WORKERS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF MEDICARE FORALL P
ROGRAM REGIONAL OFFICES .—The Secretary shall establish and maintain Medicare For All regional offices for the purpose of distrib-uting funds to providers of care. Whenever possible, the Secretary should incorporate pre-existing Medicare infrastructure for this purpose. (b) A
PPOINTMENT OF REGIONAL AND STATE  D
IRECTORS .—In each such regional office there shall be— (1) one regional director appointed by the Director; and (2) for each State in the region, a deputy director (in this Act referred to as a ‘‘State Director’’) appointed by the governor of that State. (c) R
EGIONAL OFFICE DUTIES .—Regional of-fices of the Program shall be responsible for— (1) coordinating funding to health care pro-viders and physicians; and (2) coordinating billing and reimburse-ments with physicians and health care pro-viders through a State-based reimbursement system. (d) S
TATE DIRECTOR ’SDUTIES .—Each State Director shall be responsible for the fol-lowing duties: (1) Providing an annual State health care needs assessment report to the National Board of Universal Quality and Access, and the regional board, after a thorough exam-ination of health needs, in consultation with public health officials, clinicians, patients, and patient advocates. (2) Health planning, including oversight of the placement of new hospitals, clinics, and other health care delivery facilities. (3) Health planning, including oversight of the purchase and placement of new health equipment to ensure timely access to care and to avoid duplication. (4) Submitting global budgets to the re-gional director. (5) Recommending changes in provider re-imbursement or payment for delivery of health services in the State. (6) Establishing a quality assurance mech-anism in the State in order to minimize both under utilization and over utilization and to assure that all providers meet high quality standards. (7) Reviewing program disbursements on a quarterly basis and recommending needed adjustments in fee schedules needed to achieve budgetary targets and assure ade-quate access to needed care. (e) FIRST PRIORITY IN RETRAINING AND JOB P
LACEMENT ; 2 Y EARS OF SALARY PARITY BEN-
EFITS .—The Program shall provide that cler-ical, administrative, and billing personnel in insurance companies, doctors offices, hos-pitals, nursing facilities, and other facilities whose jobs are eliminated due to reduced ad-ministration— (1) should have first priority in retraining and job placement in the new system; and (2) shall be eligible to receive two years of Medicare For All employment transition benefits with each year’s benefit equal to salary earned during the last 12 months of employment, but shall not exceed $100,000 per year. (f) E
STABLISHMENT OF MEDICARE FORALL E
MPLOYMENT TRANSITION FUND.—The Sec- retary shall establish a trust fund from which expenditures shall be made to recipi-ents of the benefits allocated in subsection (e). (g) A
NNUAL APPROPRIATIONS TO MEDICARE  F
ORALLEMPLOYMENT TRANSITION FUND.— Sums are authorized to be appropriated an-nually as needed to fund the Medicare For All Employment Transition Benefits. (h) R
ETENTION OF RIGHT TO UNEMPLOYMENT  B
ENEFITS .—Nothing in this section shall be interpreted as a waiver of Medicare For All Employment Transition benefit recipients’ right to receive Federal and State unemploy-ment benefits. 
SEC. 304. CONFIDENTIAL ELECTRONIC PATIENT RECORD SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall cre-ate a standardized, confidential electronic patient record system in accordance with laws and regulations to maintain accurate patient records and to simplify the billing process, thereby reducing medical errors and bureaucracy. (b) P
ATIENT OPTION .—Notwithstanding that all billing shall be preformed electronically, patients shall have the option of keeping any portion of their medical records separate from their electronic medical record. 
SEC. 305. NATIONAL BOARD OF UNIVERSAL QUAL-ITY AND ACCESS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—There is established a Na-tional Board of Universal Quality and Access (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Board’’) consisting of 15 members appointed by the President, by and with the advice and con-sent of the Senate. (2) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—The appointed mem-bers of the Board shall include at least one of each of the following: (A) Health care professionals. (B) Representatives of institutional pro-viders of health care. (C) Representatives of health care advo-cacy groups. (D) Representatives of labor unions. (E) Citizen patient advocates. (3) T
ERMS .—Each member shall be ap-pointed for a term of 6 years, except that the President shall stagger the terms of mem-bers initially appointed so that the term of no more than 3 members expires in any year. (4) P
ROHIBITION ON CONFLICTS OF INTER -
EST.—No member of the Board shall have a financial conflict of interest with the duties before the Board. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.046 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4266 July 26, 2017 
(b) D UTIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Board shall meet at least twice per year and shall advise the Sec-retary and the Director on a regular basis to ensure quality, access, and affordability. (2) S
PECIFIC ISSUES .—The Board shall spe-cifically address the following issues: (A) Access to care. (B) Quality improvement. (C) Efficiency of administration. (D) Adequacy of budget and funding. (E) Appropriateness of reimbursement lev-els of physicians and other providers. (F) Capital expenditure needs. (G) Long-term care. (H) Mental health and substance abuse services. (I) Staffing levels and working conditions in health care delivery facilities. (3) E
STABLISHMENT OF UNIVERSAL , BEST 
QUALITY STANDARD OF CARE .—The Board shall specifically establish a universal, best qual-ity of standard of care with respect to— (A) appropriate staffing levels; (B) appropriate medical technology; (C) design and scope of work in the health workplace; (D) best practices; and (E) salary level and working conditions of physicians, clinicians, nurses, other medical professionals, and appropriate support staff. (4) T
WICE-A-YEAR REPORT .—The Board shall report its recommendations twice each year to the Secretary, the Director, Congress, and the President. (c) C
OMPENSATION , ETC.—The following pro-visions of section 1805 of the Social Security Act shall apply to the Board in the same manner as they apply to the Medicare Pay-ment Assessment Commission (except that any reference to the Commission or the Comptroller General shall be treated as ref-erences to the Board and the Secretary, re-spectively): (1) Subsection (c)(4) (relating to compensa-tion of Board members). (2) Subsection (c)(5) (relating to chairman and vice chairman). (3) Subsection (c)(6) (relating to meetings). (4) Subsection (d) (relating to director and staff; experts and consultants). (5) Subsection (e) (relating to powers). TITLE IV—ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS 
SEC. 401. TREATMENT OF VA AND IHS HEALTH PROGRAMS. 
(a) VA H EALTH PROGRAMS .—This Act pro-vides for health programs of the Department of Veterans’ Affairs to initially remain inde-pendent for the 10-year period that begins on the date of the establishment of the Medi-care For All Program. After such 10-year pe-riod, the Congress shall reevaluate whether such programs shall remain independent or be integrated into the Medicare For All Pro-gram. (b) I
NDIAN HEALTH SERVICE PROGRAMS .— This Act provides for health programs of the Indian Health Service to initially remain independent for the 5-year period that begins on the date of the establishment of the Medi-care For All Program, after which such pro-grams shall be integrated into the Medicare For All Program. 
SEC. 402. PUBLIC HEALTH AND PREVENTION. 
It is the intent of this Act that the Pro-gram at all times stress the importance of good public health through the prevention of diseases. 
SEC. 403. REDUCTION IN HEALTH DISPARITIES. 
It is the intent of this Act to reduce health disparities by race, ethnicity, income and ge-ographic region, and to provide high quality, cost-effective, culturally appropriate care to all individuals regardless of race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, or language. TITLE V—EFFECTIVE DATE 
SEC. 501. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
Except as otherwise specifically provided, this Act shall take effect on the first day of the first year that begins more than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply to items and services fur-nished on or after such date. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader. Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I rise this evening to announce the Democrats will offer no further amend-ments to the pending legislation until the Republican leader shows us what the final legislation will be. Clearly, the Senate bill—repeal and replace—has failed. Senator P
AUL’s bill—repeal without replace—has also failed. We know the Republicans are not going to take a final vote on the underlying House bill, which is still the pending legislation. Now the Republican leadership team has been telling the press about a yet- to-be-disclosed final bill. If the reports are true, the Republicans will offer a skinny repeal plan. We just heard from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office that under such a plan as reported in the press, 16 million Americans would lose their health insurance and millions more would pay a 20-percent—20-percent—in-crease in their premiums—at least 20 percent. I thank Senator M
URRAY and Senator W
YDEN for working with CBO so that we could figure out what exactly is going on, if this skinny bill is the bill that is brought to the floor. My Republican friends come to the floor every day to assail the problem of high premiums. If the reporting is ac-curate and skinny repeal is their plan, it makes premiums far higher than they are today. We don’t know if skin-ny repeal is going to be their final bill, but if it is, the CBO says that it would cause costs to go up and millions to lose insurance. In the meantime, Democrats are not going to continue to try and amend the House plan that is already dead. Cer-tainly, we are not going to do that while there is some secret legislation— skinny repeal it is reported—waiting to emerge from the leader’s office. The Republican leader has said that this is a robust amendment process. No, it isn’t—far from it. We don’t even know what bill to direct our amend-ments to. Certainly, a process that by-passed the committees and public hear-ings was never an open and transparent process. There was never a robust amendment process to this bill, but now it has gotten even worse. Since the beginning of this debate, we have just been taking votes on amendments to a piece of dead legislation. What kind of process is this? Anyone who listened, as we all did, so intently to Senator M
CCAIN’s wonderful speech yesterday and applauded the sentiment that he mentioned—getting back to regular order and proper procedure— anyone who listened to that speech would blush at this sham of an amend-ment process thus far. We don’t even have a final bill to amend. The idea that this is a robust amendment proc-ess, I would say to my dear friend the leader, defies credulity. No one believes it. I bet not a single person on either side of the aisle believes it. So Demo-crats are not going to participate in this one-sided and broken process. Once the majority leader shows his hand, reveals what his bill will actu-ally be, Democrats will use the oppor-tunity to try to amend the bill. But we have to see it first, and we ought to see it soon in broad daylight, not at the eleventh hour. Until we see the real bill, Democrats will offer no further amendments. Thank you, and I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. REED. Madam President, let me join the Democratic leader in express-ing my dismay in what has been going on on the Senate floor with respect to healthcare. For over 7 years, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have been talking about how they intended to re-peal the Affordable Care Act in order to replace it with something better and improve our healthcare system. Presi-dent Trump has said time and again that he would provide better healthcare at a lower cost. He said that everyone would be covered. Yet we have seen no solutions from the other side that would accomplish these goals. We have been trying to work with Re-publicans, not just this year but for the last several years to improve our healthcare system. In fact, we worked with them to craft the Affordable Care Act in the first place, holding public hearings and meetings with both Democrats and Republicans around the table. The Affordable Care Act in-cluded well over 150 Republican amend-ments. Yet they refused to work with us on our final passage of the law and refused to work with us on the current law and healthcare ever since. However, today we have seen a cou-ple of glimpses of bipartisanship. First, the Senate voted last night, both Democrats and Republicans, to reject the TrumpCare bill that would have provided tax breaks to special interests while decimating Medicaid. I am glad the Senate has spoken on that issue and said that we do not support this ef-fort. This afternoon, Democrats and Republicans voted to reject a bill that would have repealed the Affordable Care Act with no replacement. A ma-jority of Senators voted to say that ef-fort was unacceptable. Now that we have taken those votes, Senators have had their say on what they think is the best path forward, and to me, these votes show that most Senators want to work in a bipartisan fashion to improve our healthcare sys-tem. I have heard many of my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle say just that, as Senator M
CCAINsaid so eloquently yesterday. I think, if my colleagues are willing to sit down and negotiate in good faith 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.046 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4267 July 26, 2017 
on legislation to improve our healthcare system and bring down costs, we could come up with a bill that would get the support of the ma-jority of this body. My colleague Sen-ator S
HAHEEN , for example, introduced legislation to help stabilize the indi-vidual market, something I think most of us would agree is an important step forward in improving the Affordable Care Act. However, we are now hur-dling toward a vote with absolutely no plan to improve the healthcare system. My Republican colleagues are scram-bling to get enough votes just to pass anything at all. Right now we are debating the bill, but what does that mean when we have not yet seen the bill we are eventually going to vote on? This is not a mean-ingful exercise with opportunities to amend and improve legislation. We are simply killing time so that the Repub-lican leadership can unveil a new bill, if they are able to come up with one, that they can convince enough of their Members to support. Hours or minutes before final passage this could be sprung upon us, and we would then be forced to take a vote. That is not the way the legislative process should work. What kind of message does this send to our constituents? This is an example of legislating at its worst. This is why many Americans don’t trust Washington to have their backs. We don’t know what Republicans in-tend to pass at the end of this debate, but we do know that they intend to pass something that is harmful. The CBO score, which the Democratic lead-er suggested, based upon the reports of what is pending, suggests significant losses in coverage across the country and significant increases in the cost of healthcare insurance for Americans. Based on what we have seen so far, each proposal would send the healthcare market into a death spiral, impacting all of our constituents—not just the Medicaid recipients, not just those who are in the exchanges—and even private employers who provide in-surance coverage for their workers would see increases. As I mentioned earlier, the bill we voted on this afternoon would repeal the Affordable Care Act with no re-placement. In that case, the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office said this would cause 32 million Ameri-cans to lose health insurance over the next decade, including 17 million next year alone, and health insurance mar-kets would collapse. As I indicated, fortunately, that failed, with both Democrats and Re-publicans voting against it, but it looks like Senate Republican leader-ship is still trying to cobble together yet another version, taking some of the worst elements of the repeal act. What is worse, there will be no opportunity to review the bill, no chance for CBO to analyze the bill and provide feedback, no opportunities for stakeholders, pa-tients, and States to weigh in. It is telling that the only path for-ward they have for their repeal effort is to pass a bill no one has literally read. The only chance they have to get sup-port for their effort is to hide, essen-tially, the impact of the bill because on the merits it appears devastating to our constituents. Nevertheless, as much as they try to hide this bill, the American people will find out. They will find out when they get the bill for their health insurance. They will find out when they go to their doctor and discover the treat-ment they had last year that was cov-ered under the Affordable Care Act is no longer covered. They will find out when the only insurance company in their State decides to leave. They will find out when their employer says: We are no longer providing healthcare to our employees. They will find out when they start a family and discover that maternity care is no longer covered and, if the child needs medical care early in life, the insurance company can say: No, thank you; we don’t have to cover the child. There is a pre-existing condition. Just last night I got a call from a woman in Charlestown, RI—Amy. She urged me to continue fighting to pre-serve the Affordable Care Act. She is a hairdresser and her husband is a com-mercial fisherman. Because they are both self-employed, they are not able to get coverage through work. They have been able to access care through our State’s health insurance market-place, HealthSource RI. As Amy said, she and her husband are hard-working, middle-income taxpayers, but they never have been able to afford coverage without the help of the Affordable Care Act. They would not have been able to do that. Amy recently got sick and had to be hospitalized. She has coverage be-cause of ObamaCare. She was able to get the treatment she needed. Without coverage, she would have been left to pay a bill of $78,000. Amy told me that she and her husband would have had to sell their house to afford that, and, probably even with that, they would have been left impoverished. Is that really what my colleagues want for their constituents? My constituents know what is at stake. I have heard from thousands and thousands of them throughout the year, urging me to keep fighting for healthcare, asking me to put an end to this repeal effort. However, Democrats cannot do this alone. We need more Re-publicans like some of my colleagues, Senator C
OLLINS and Senator M UR-
KOWSKI , to come forward and say: Enough is enough. Even if you have problems with the current system, let’s try to work together to solve the prob-lems. We might not always agree, but we will try our best to come to a con-sensus. There is no harm in trying to come up with a bipartisan solution. It is not too late to reverse course and re-turn to regular order, to start again, to start right, and to do it, as my col-league on the Armed Services Com-mittee, Chairman MCCAIN, said, the good old fashioned way, with Senator A
LEXANDER and Senator M URRAY on the HELP Committee and my col-leagues on the Finance Committee working their way through, carefully and deliberately, listening, amending, moving forward legislation so that we can come to this body not with a few minutes’ notice but fully prepared to vote on something that is critical to every family in the country. With that, Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. Mr. FRANKEN. Thank you, Madam President. Madam President, I rise this evening to speak in opposition to the Repub-lican plan to dismantle our healthcare system. Their effort to repeal the Af-fordable Care Act and gut Medicaid would put the health, as well as the fi-nancial security of millions of Ameri-cans, at risk. Let me tell you how this would affect Minnesotans such as Annie and her 5- year-old son Carter. Carter has autism spectrum disorder and relies on Med-icaid to help cover necessary therapy services. When Carter was 2, he did not talk, make eye contact, or interact with anyone. But now, because of the treatment he receives under Medicaid, Carter speaks full sentences and is en-tering kindergarten. Annie explains how none of that would be possible without Medicaid. If Republicans suc-ceed in imposing drastic cuts to Med-icaid, which is what they want to do, and States are forced to cut back serv-ices, Annie and her family would not be able to afford the therapy that Carter needs to thrive. Think about that. Think about what that does to one life. Think about the other millions that would be affected in such a negative, tragic way. There is also Mari and Chrysann, both from Moorhead, MN. Moorhead is in northwestern Minnesota, right across the river from Fargo. Mari took care of her aging mother in her home as long as she could, but when Chrysann’s health began to decline, Mari helped her mom move to a nurs-ing home where she could access the higher level of care she needed. Mari and her husband work full time and still have children at home. I vis-ited the nursing home where Mari spoke, and she got emotional when she told me that if it were not for Med-icaid, her family would not have any other way to pay for her mother’s care. She does not know how she would care for her mom or what would happen to her. Chrysann, Mari’s mom, is worried too. She spoke at this roundtable at the nursing home. She is worried about how the Republican plan will affect her own future and those of others who are in similar situations in nursing homes. Sixty-four percent of Americans in nursing homes have their care paid for by Medicaid. Chrysann told me this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.063 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4268 July 26, 2017 
plan is not about taking care of people but simply about ‘‘survival of the fit-test.’’ Is that really the healthcare system we support in the United States of America—the survival of the fittest? How about Chuck? Chuck is the CEO of Perham Health. It is a rural hospital that is doing really innovative work in Northwest Minnesota. It is kind of cen-tral, north. It is in rural Minnesota, not unlike the rural areas in the Pre-siding Officer’s State. Chuck told me: ‘‘Cutting Medicaid as drastically as they are proposing will force us to cut staff in areas that are actually saving the system money today.’’ These cuts would affect nurses who run the hospital’s medical homes, com-munity paramedics, and other staff who are helping to keep people out of the Emergency Department, reduce re-admissions, and keep people healthy overall. This is part of the innovation they are doing there. This is part of the innovation that Minnesota leads the Nation in. Perham Health is one of the largest employers in town so taking away jobs does not just impact the patients and the hospital, it affects the community and rural economy. Cutting jobs and getting rid of successful reforms just does not make sense, and this would be repeated over and over and over again in rural America. Again, the question is, Why are Re-publicans pursuing such a reckless and irresponsible strategy? All of the bills they have proposed thus far will increase patient costs, in-cluding premiums and out-of-pocket costs, will increase the number of unin-sured Americans, and will rip apart our healthcare safety net. These are not the changes Americans want. In fact, this is the opposite of what Americans want and are asking for. Now, over the last day, we have heard a lot more about another path Repub-licans may pursue—a scaled-back plan that eliminates a handful of the ACA provisions, including the employer mandate and individual mandate. While these two changes may be politi-cally expedient, they would, according to the Congressional Budget Office, drive up premiums and cause millions of Americans to become uninsured. What is more, as the New York Times points out, this plan does noth-ing to address the criticisms Leader M
CCONNELL , President Trump, and their allies continue to lodge against the Affordable Care Act. For example, this approach does nothing to improve competition and choice in the indi-vidual market and, in fact, injects far more uncertainty into individual health insurance markets, which are already rattled by the administration’s deliberate efforts to sabotage them. Should this plan pass the Senate, it will surely get much worse when the differences between the plan and the House bill are reconciled in the con-ference committee. According to news reports, a number of my Republican colleagues are arguing that passing this scaled-back version of repeal is really just a means to get to con-ference, where Members can further ne-gotiate the House and Senate repeal and replace bills. In fact, some are even suggesting that the provisions in the House-passed bill would be a guidepost for negotiations. I think all of us remember how awful, far-reaching, and—according to Presi-dent Trump—mean the House-passed bill is. What is more, we can see the worst provisions of the Better Care Reconciliation Act resurface in the conference committee, which is the Senate repeal and replace bill that was defeated on a bipartisan basis. Overall, pursuing this path is dan-gerous, given the tremendous number of unknowns. Not only would this half- baked—that is being generous—quar-ter-baked, scaled-back version of the ACA repeal destabilize health insur-ance markets, but it would also serve as a vehicle for Republicans to take up the most controversial measures in-cluded in the defeated BCRA and the House-passed bill. Why on Earth would we support that? Frankly, it is also delusional to be-lieve that a small group of House and Senate leaders can craft a workable so-lution in a matter of days or weeks. They have had 7 years to come up with an alternative. They do not have one so how can we expect them to, all of a sudden, come up with a viable plan that affects one-sixth of our economy? Look, this whole process has been and continues to be irresponsible. In fact, this is one of the most irrespon-sible policymaking processes I have seen in my time in the U.S. Senate. What we should do is just what Senator MCCAINcalled for in his speech yester-day, which is to pursue regular order, work together—Republicans and Demo-crats—and seek out compromise. If we reject this wrongheaded effort, then I and many of my colleagues are ready and committed to work in a bipartisan way on reforms that will expand cov-erage, lower costs, and improve care. Let’s have bipartisan hearings on the individual market, on drug prices, and more. Let’s call in nonpartisan expert witnesses. Let’s have meaningful com-mittee and floor debates. Let’s fix what needs fixing in the Affordable Care Act. Annie, Carter, Mari, Chrysann, Chuck, and millions of other Americans need us to do just that. To my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, please, stand up to the bul-lying, stand up to the lies, and work with us to improve people’s lives, not make them worse. Paul Wellstone said that politics is not about winning, that it is not about power, that it is not about money. Politics is about working to improve people’s lives, and that is what we should be doing. You owe it to your constituents. You owe it to your-selves. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Madam Presi-dent, something else happened this afternoon in Washington that I wish to relate today on the floor, which is that the American Enterprise Institute hosted the launch of Senator S
CHATZ ’s and my American Opportunity Carbon Fee Act. I am delighted the American Enterprise Institute did that. Their conservative credentials are rock solid, but they do not fear debate, and they were extraordinarily helpful and open- minded in allowing us to make the an-nouncement and in hosting a discus-sion on the bill that followed. Virtually every person on the Repub-lican side who has thought the climate change problem through to a solution has come to the same place—a revenue- neutral, border-adjustable price on car-bon. That means that all of the reve-nues are returned to the American peo-ple. Former Treasury Secretaries Baker, Shultz, and Paulson—all Republicans— former EPA Administrators Ruckels-haus, Thomas, Reilly, and Whitman— all Republicans—and leading econo-mists and former Presidential eco-nomic advisers Arthur Laffer, Gregory Mankiw, and Douglas Holtz-Eakin—all Republicans—along with many others, support a revenue-neutral, border-ad-justable carbon fee. Well, that is what we do. You all know the phrase ‘‘offering an olive branch.’’ Former Republican Con-gressman Bob Inglis described our pro-posal as an olive limb, not a branch, when pairing a carbon tax with cor-porate tax reduction. He said it pro-vides what he called ‘‘an opportunity for conservatives to show how free en-terprise can solve climate change.’’ When I first came to the Senate in 2007, this place was humming with bi-partisan action on climate change for years—but, in 2010, a dead stop. The Republican Party disappeared from the field after the fossil fuel industry se-cured from five Justices on the Su-preme Court the infamous Citizens United decision. The fossil fuel indus-try, as if it saw the decision coming, immediately launched a veritable So-viet May Day parade of political artil-lery and rocketry. No special interest had that kind of political muscle be-fore Citizens United. The combination of this industry political weaponry, plus the proliferation of dark money, plus the shady science simulacrum of climate denial has been formidable. Despite this, there is room for opti-mism. There are Republicans who are willing to work with us. They just need some prospect of safe passage through the political kill zone that the fossil fuel industry has created. Over 1,000 American companies have voiced their support for the Paris cli-mate agreement, including corporate powerhouses like Walmart, Goldman Sachs, PepsiCo, and Google. If Amer-ican companies were to mobilize in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.065 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4269 July 26, 2017 
Congress just like they did for the Paris Agreement, that would be a game-changer. But notwithstanding all of that cor-porate support, the big business trade associations and lobbying groups have lined up against action on climate change. The so-called U.S. Chamber of Commerce—probably more accurately described as the U.S. chamber of car-bon—is one of climate action’s most implacable enemies, despite the good climate policies of so many of its mem-ber companies. How is it representing its members? It is incredible. The American Petroleum Institute represents Shell, BP, Total, and Exxon—companies that claim to sup-port the Paris Agreement and the Cli-mate Leadership Council’s carbon fee proposal—but API opposes anything getting done. We all know here that corporate America commands extraordinary at-tention in our political system. If American corporations aligned their political engagement on climate change with their actual position on climate change, which should not be asking too much of them, we could get going. So, in a spirit of hopefulness, Senator S
CHATZ and I reintroduced at the American Enterprise Institute our American Opportunity Carbon Fee Act, a framework that I hope both Repub-licans and Democrats can embrace. The bill would establish an economy-wide carbon fee on carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions. The fee would be assessed where it is easiest to administer, minimizing the compliance burden. Other greenhouse gases would be tied to their carbon dioxide equiva-lency with a bumper for fluorocarbons to account for their high greenhouse gas potency. Sequestering, utilizing, or encapsulating carbon dioxide emissions would earn you a credit. The market would begin to work in this space. Our bill sets the 2018 fee per ton of carbon emitted at $49—the central range of the social cost of carbon last estimated by the Office of Management and Budget. That fee would increase each year at a real 2 percent until emissions fall 80 percent below 2005 lev-els, and then it would follow inflation. Border adjustments for energy-inten-sive goods traded with countries that have weaker or no carbon pricing will make sure that we protect our indus-tries at home. We took care to design the border adjustments in harmony with World Trade Organization rules. This carbon fee would produce mean-ingful reductions in carbon emissions. The nonpartisan Resources for the Fu-ture projects a 36-percent drop by 2025, compared to the benchmark year of 2005, exceeding the U.S.-Paris Agree-ment commitment significantly. In addition to the environmental value, of course, a carbon fee also gen-erates revenue—in this case, nearly $2.1 trillion in revenue over 10 years. Our plan would return every dime of that to the American people. Here is how. First, the bill lowers the top cor-porate income tax rate from 35 percent to 29 percent—a longstanding goal of Republicans. This would cut American corporate taxes by almost $600 billion over the first decade. Second, it provides workers with a $550 refundable tax credit—$1,100 for a couple—against payroll taxes. The tax credits, which would grow with infla-tion, would return almost $900 billion to the pocketbooks of American house-holds over the first 10 years. Third, it would provide a matching benefit to Social Security bene-ficiaries, veterans program bene-ficiaries, and certain other retirees. These benefits would total nearly $500 billion over 10 years. Finally, the bill would establish a block grant program, delivering the re-maining funds to our States—over $100 billion to help workers in coal country, for instance, or provide coastal protec-tion for seaside States facing terrible threats of sea level rise, at the discre-tion of the State, to meet local needs and concerns. I understand the suffering in coal country. Coal country will continue to decline as natural gas drives coal out of the energy market. There is now no mechanism to remedy that inevi-tability. Remember Huey Long’s old slogan, ‘‘Every Man a King’’? With a carbon fee, we could make every miner a king—a solid pension, retirement at any time, full health benefits for life, a cash bonus based on years worked, a voucher for a new vehicle, a college plan for their kids. These things be-come doable with carbon fee revenues. It is not the miners’ fault that the coal industry has collapsed. They worked hard. They did dangerous work. It is a rigorous occupation to be a coal miner, and they are entitled to respect. Give them their dignity. Make them kings. With a small fraction of the rev-enue from a carbon fee, we could assure every single coal miner a lifetime of comfort, security, and financial sta-bility. Senator S
CHATZ and I extend an open hand, an olive branch. Give Senator S
CHATZ and me a Republican to nego-tiate with. That shouldn’t be too much to ask. Then let’s talk about the eco-nomics. Let’s talk about where the rev-enue should go. And because I know it is a part of the Baker-Schultz-Paulson proposal, let’s talk about where we can get fact-based, scientifically rigorous analytics of which regulations might become unnecessary or duplicative of a carbon fee’s emission reductions. Let’s restart the bipartisan conversa-tion we had going until 2010. Let me close with an appeal to our patriotic sense. America holds herself out as an exemplary nation, a ‘‘City on a Hill.’’ The tactics of climate denial and political menace the fossil fuel in-dustry has deployed around here have degraded our city. There is a remorseless functioning of the laws of physics, of chemistry, and of biology. Deny them all you want, but time will tell. And even now, ev-eryone, from our Secretary of Defense to every single Senator’s home State, State university, understands that cli-mate change is real and urgent, is teaching the science of climate change in those universities, and is warning of the dire consequences. When the Presiding Officer left the Environment and Public Works Com-mittee the other day, I was talking about the Leopold Center at Iowa State University and the powerful language in which they describe the present ef-fects on agriculture of climate change and the danger of disruption to the fun-damental systems of the planet. That is the home State universities telling us what the facts are. So one day there will be a reckoning, and the longer our American democ-racy lies incapacitated at the hands of the fossil fuel industry, the worse the outcome will be, and the worse the out-come, the greater the harm to the country we love that holds its example up to the world. We are all extremely fond of JOHN M
CCAIN. JOHNMCCAINreturned to the Senate yesterday and called our coun-try ‘‘the strong, inspiring, inspira-tional beacon of liberty and defender of dignity of all human beings.’’ Some beacon, if we continue to get this wrong because of what one industry did to our politics, using political menace, dark money, and fake science. America deserves better than what we are doing in this Chamber on this issue. I thank the Presiding Officer. I yield the floor. Mr. TESTER. Madam President, I in-tend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628 and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The motion is supported by Senators K
ING, H
EINRICH , B ALDWIN , B ENNET , B ROWN , C
ANTWELL , CARPER , COONS , DONNELLY , F
EINSTEIN , F RANKEN , H ARRIS , H
EITKAMP , K LOBUCHAR , L EAHY , M
ANCHIN , MCCASKILL , SHAHEEN , STABE -
NOW, UDALL , VANHOLLEN , and W ARREN . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Tester moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that would force the closure of rural hospitals or otherwise reduce access to affordable health care in rural areas. 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of my motion to commit be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Klobuchar moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.067 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4270 July 26, 2017 
Senate with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in ses-sion, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) provide a tax credit equal to 25 percent of the premiums for health insurance paid during the taxable year for individuals who— (A) do not qualify for the credit under sec-tion 36B of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; (B) are not enrolled in or eligible for Med-icaid coverage; and (C) in the case of individuals residing in a State that has not expanded Medicaid as pro-vided under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act, would not be eligible for Medicaid coverage even if the State did so expand Medicaid. 
Mr. KING. Madam President, I intend to move, with the support of Senator B
LUMENTHAL , that H.R. 1628 be com-mitted to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days with changes that will direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish 10 pilot projects in 10 States that have experi-enced high rates of opioid substance use disorder and neonatal abstinence syndrome to further research the effi-cacy of early intervention and case management model of care for mothers and babies. Success to be evaluated by determining the rate of child protec-tive services intervention, foster care for minor children and successful long term recovery. At least five projects are required to be granted for projects focused primarily on rural populations. I ask unanimous consent that the text of my motion to commit be print-ed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. King moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish 10 pilot projects in 10 States that have experienced high rates of opioid substance use disorder and neonatal abstinence syndrome (including 5 such projects focused primarily on rural popu-lations) to further research the efficacy of early intervention and case management model of care for mothers and babies, and provide that the success of such projects shall be evaluated by determining the rate of foster care for minor children and successful long term recovery. 
Ms. DUCKWORTH. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of my motions to commit be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Duckworth moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) would eliminate any provision that would result in a reduction in funding for the Ryan White HIV/AIDS Program of the Health Resources and Services Administra-tion. MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Duckworth moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) would eliminate any provision that would result in a decrease in health care for patients who receive employer-sponsored health insurance coverage. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Duckworth moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) strike provisions in the bill that would result in a decrease in care for any veteran who depends on orthotics, prosthetics, and complex rehabilitation technology. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Duckworth moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) strike provisions in the bill that would result in a decrease in care for any indi-vidual who depends on orthotics, prosthetics, and complex rehabilitation technology. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Duckworth moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) would eliminate any provision that would result in increased epinephrine prices for patients. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Duckworth moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) would eliminate any provision that would result in increased insulin prices for patients. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Duckworth moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) would eliminate any provision that would result in an increase in the price of naloxone, a medication designed to rapidly reverse opioid overdose. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Duckworth moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that no veteran or former serv-ice member of the United States Armed forces will lose access to mental health care services currently funded in any part through Medicaid. MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Duckworth moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) revise the bill in a manner that pre-vents any veteran or former member of the Armed Forces from losing access to nursing home care funded through Medicaid. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Duckworth moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) revise the bill in a manner that pre-vents any veteran or former member of the Armed Forces from losing access to spinal cord injury services, prosthetics or sensory aid services, or other specialty services due to changes in Medicaid or other programs. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Duckworth moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions with instruc-tions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) maintain all lactation standards that were established under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148). 
Mr. DONNELLY. Madam President, I intend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628 and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The motion is supported by Senators C
ASEY , C ANTWELL , B LUMENTHAL , L
EAHY , B ROWN , H ARRIS , H ASSAN , F
RANKEN , FEINSTEIN , UDALL , SHAHEEN , C
ARPER , COONS , W HITEHOUSE , K AINE, V
ANHOLLEN , CORTEZ MASTO , BALDWIN , M
ENENDEZ , R EED, D UCKWORTH , M
ANCHIN , MARKEY , STABENOW , DURBIN , W
YDEN , MURPHY , WARREN , GILLIBRAND , C
ARDIN , KLOBUCHAR , HEINRICH , HIRONO , B
OOKER , PETERS , and N ELSON . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Donnelly moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) strike provisions that will— (A) reduce or eliminate benefits or cov-erage for individuals who are currently eligi-ble for Medicaid; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:58 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.009 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4271 July 26, 2017 
(B) prevent or discourage a State from ex-panding its Medicaid program to include groups of individuals or types of services that are optional under current law; or (C) shift costs to States to cover this care. 
Mr. WARNER. Madam President, I intend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628 and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The motion is supported by Senators S
TA-
BENOW , BALDWIN , KAINE, COONS , KING, C
ARPER , NELSON , and P ETERS . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Warner moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; (2) eliminates the harm that would be caused by the termination of the Medicaid expansion; and (3) ensures that every State that expands Medicaid coverage can receive the full en-hanced Federal medical assistance percent-age available as if they expanded in 2014, re-gardless of when they expand Medicaid. 
Mr. WARNER. Madam President, I intend to offer the following motions to H.R. 1628 and I ask unanimous con-sent that they be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Warner moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; (2) eliminates the harm that would be caused by the Medicaid per capita caps; and (3) ensure that any changes to Medicaid made in the bill do not adversely impact the ability of school districts to comply with the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, or the Ameri-cans with Disabilities Act. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Warner moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that nothing in the bill impacts the ability of local educational agencies with an urban-centric district locale code of 32, 33, 41, 42, or 43 to meet the health care needs of their students and staff. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Warner moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that individuals with employer- sponsored health insurance coverage will not lose comprehensive coverage on account of the amendments to the waiver program under section 1332 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18052). MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Warner moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; (2) strike subsection (c)(1) of section 102 (relating to affordability of employer-spon-sored coverage); and (3) offsets any increased spending that re-sults from such changes. 
Mr. NELSON. Madam President, I in-tend to offer the following motion to commit on older Americans to H.R. 1628 and I ask that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The motion is supported by Senators C
ASEY , LEAHY , BROWN , HAR-
RIS, FEINSTEIN , HIRONO , BLUMENTHAL , W
HITEHOUSE , BALDWIN , FRANKEN , CAR-
PER, VANHOLLEN , M ENENDEZ , COONS , U
DALL , REED, MANCHIN , WARREN , STA-
BENOW , D URBIN , CARDIN , K ING, K LO-
BUCHAR , and W ARNER . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Nelson moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that harm older Americans by increasing their premiums, cutting Federal Medicaid funding that sup-ports those in nursing homes, or weakening Medicare. 
Mr. UDALL. Madam President, I in-tend to offer the following motions to H.R. 1628 and I ask unanimous consent that they be printed in the R
ECORD . I ask that the R
ECORD reflect the sup-port of Senator H
EINRICH . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Udall moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes to ensure that the bill does not limit the ability of State Medicaid programs to continue to make medical assistance avail-able to low-income adults under the eligi-bility options under clause (i)(VIII) or clause (ii)(XX) of section 1902(a)(10)(A) of the Social Security Act, and does not reduce Federal payments to States for providing such assist-ance. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Udall moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that no provision of the bill re-duces access to substance abuse and mental health services. Mr. UDALL. Madam President, I in-tend to offer the following motions to H.R. 1628 and I ask unanimous consent that they be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Udall moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes to exempt any State with an unem-ployment rate of 4 percent or higher from any provision that would reduce or limit Federal payments to the State for spending on the State Medicaid program, including any provision that would impose a per capita cap on such payments. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Udall moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, after hav-ing held a hearing to assess the impact of the bill on Medicaid, as the Congressional Budg-et Office has not prepared a statement of the costs which would be incurred in carrying out the bill and the effect on revenue of the bill. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Udall moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that States that have a 4 percent or higher unemployment rate cannot imple-ment work requirements to determine Med-icaid eligibility. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Udall moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes to ensure that qualified health plans offered through the Consumer Operated and Oriented Plan (CO–OP) program are treated in the same manner as other qualified health plans under the State waiver program under section 1332 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18052). M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Udall moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that no provision adversely im-pacts Medicaid coverage or services for chil-dren age 18 or younger. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Udall moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such Com-mittee; and (2) would ensure that no provision elimi-nates or reduces funding for public health programs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:58 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.015 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4272 July 26, 2017 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Udall moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that no provision of the bill eliminates or reduces access to pediatric dental coverage. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Udall moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that medically underserved areas with limited providers are not subject to any reductions in Federal Medicaid fund-ing. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Udall moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that no State may use funds de-scribed in section 1332(a)(3) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act for pur-poses unrelated to the public health. 
Mr. CASEY. Madam President, I in-tend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The motion is supported by Senators S
TA-
BENOW , DUCKWORTH , HASSAN , VANHOL-
LEN, M URRAY , B ROWN , B LUMENTHAL , C
ARPER , D URBIN , K AINE, B ALDWIN , W
YDEN , M ARKEY , M URPHY , H ARRIS , C
ARDIN , W ARREN , HIRONO , REED, and N
ELSON . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Casey moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the American Health Care Act of 2017 that would harm individuals with disabilities as defined in the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.) by reducing their access to afford-able health care or limiting coverage or ben-efits under Medicaid or in the private health insurance market. 
Ms. Duckworth. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of this motion to commit be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Duckworth moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions with instruc-tions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) strike any provision in the bill that re-sults in a decrease in maternal care for new mothers, including pre-natal care, delivery, and post-natal care. Ms. WARREN. Madam President, I intend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The motion is supported by Senators M
AR-
KEY, C ARPER , D URBIN , S TABENOW , H
IRANO , VANHOLLEN , and B ROWN . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that no provision of the bill would increase costs for community health centers, including by increasing the number of uninsured individuals or by reducing Fed-eral funding of the Medicaid program that helps provide coverage for many patients re-ceiving care at community health centers. 
Mr. KING. Madam President, I intend to move, with the support of Senator B
LUMENTHAL , that H.R. 1628 be com-mitted to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days with changes that will require tax rebates to individuals who, through no fault of their own, received lump-sum Social Security disability insurance settle-ments which resulted in loss of advance premium tax credits for that year and not include as income retirement and savings drawdowns used to pay medical bills. I ask unanimous consent that this statement be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. King moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) require— (A) tax rebates to individuals who, through no fault of their own, received lump sum so-cial security disability insurance settle-ments which were calculated in the year they were received and disqualified the indi-viduals from receiving advanced premium tax credits in that year; and (B) that income drawn from retirement and savings accounts utilized to pay medical bills not be counted as income for purposes of the premium tax credit. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Madam Presi-dent, I intend to file the following mo-tion to H.R. 1628 and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The motion is supported by Senators B
ROWN , FRANKEN , VANHOL-
LEN, CARDIN , and F EINSTEIN . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Whitehouse moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions with instruc-tions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) establish a public health insurance op-tion. 
Ms. WARREN. Madam President, I intend to offer the following motions to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous con-sent that they be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that will lead to an increased likelihood of bankruptcies for American families, including provisions that would allow insurers to impose annual or lifetime limits on insurance benefits or that would eliminate insurance coverage. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that reduce fund-ing for special education programs, including provisions that break President Trump’s promise not to cut Medicaid. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that harm individ-uals with Alzheimer’s disease by increasing their premiums or cutting Federal Medicaid funding that supports those in nursing homes. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that harm babies born prematurely by cutting Federal Med-icaid funding that supports medications, spe-cial equipment, and therapies to help these babies thrive and protect their family from bankruptcy. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.019 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4273 July 26, 2017 
(2) eliminate provisions that reduce cov-erage for prescription drug benefits, lead to increased out-of-pocket prescription drug costs, or allow States to apply for waivers to drop prescription drug coverage from the list of essential health benefits. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that make it hard-er for a person with breast cancer to access health care. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that make it hard-er for a person with cervical cancer to access health care. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that make it hard-er for a victim of human trafficking to ac-cess health care. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that make it hard-er for a pregnant woman to access health care. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that make it hard-er for a victim of sexual violence to access health care. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for chil-dren with a rare disease. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for fos-ter children. MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple with a disability. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple living in a nursing home. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple receiving home and community based services. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple receiving long term services and sup-ports. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple seeking treatment for opioid addiction. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple with any substance use disorder. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple seeking mental health care. MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple with brain cancer. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple receiving chemotherapy or radiation treatment. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple living in a rural area. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for vet-erans. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple over the age of 50. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple with ALS. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.039 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4274 July 26, 2017 
not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple with multiple sclerosis. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple with diabetes. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple receiving Social Security benefits, in-cluding SSI and SSDI. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple with heart disease. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple with prostate cancer. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for chil-dren with a rare disease. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for fos-ter children. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple with a disability. MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple living in a nursing home. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple receiving home and community based services. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple receiving long term services and sup-ports. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple seeking treatment for opioid addiction. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple with any substance use disorder. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple seeking mental health care. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple with brain cancer. MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple receiving chemotherapy or radiation treatment. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple living in a rural area. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for vet-erans. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple over the age of 50. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple with ALS. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple with multiple sclerosis. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.040 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4275 July 26, 2017 
Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple with diabetes. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple receiving Social Security benefits, in-cluding SSI and SSDI. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple with heart disease. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Warren moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple with prostate cancer. 
Mr. HEINRICH. Madam President, I intend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Heinrich moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that would ensure that the bill would not result in a decrease in the number of children enrolled in Medicaid, or the Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program. 
Mr. HEINRICH. Madam President, I intend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Heinrich moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that would ensure that the bill would not result in an increase in the rate of uninsured individuals in rural areas, a de-crease in Medicaid enrollment or a reduction in the scope of Medicaid benefits offered in rural areas, reduced wages or a shortage of employment opportunities in the health care profession for prospective employees and previously insured individuals living in rural areas, or a decrease in revenue or Federal funds available to rural health care pro-viders, including hospitals, clinics, and com-munity health centers. Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, I in-tend to offer a motion to commit the reconciliation bill to the Finance Com-mittee with instructions to report the bill back to the Senate within 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes eliminating provisions that would weaken access to essential health bene-fits, reduce access to affordable preven-tive services, and undermine the prohi-bition of annual and lifetime limits and caps on out-of-pocket expenditures for health insurance plans. I am offering this motion because the reconciliation bill affects tens of mil-lions of Americans who gained health coverage under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, ACA. The rec-onciliation bill allows insurers to eliminate coverage of essential health benefits. Insurance companies could exclude essential benefits like mater-nity care, substance use disorder treat-ment, mental healthcare, prescription drugs, and hospitalization—the very services people buy insurance to ob-tain. Before the ACA, one-third of indi-vidual market health plans did not cover substance use disorder services, nearly one-fifth of those plans did not cover mental health, and only nine States required all insurers on the indi-vidual market to cover maternity care. Allowing States to waive essential health benefits would also allow insur-ance companies to reinstate annual and lifetime caps. This means that a premature baby could exceed its life-time limit within its first few months of life or that a cancer patient could hit an annual cap just a couple of months into treatment. Before the ACA, too many people and families were hurt physically and fi-nancially because they could not afford access to healthcare. They didn’t get the tests they needed. Perhaps they did not catch a preventable disease early enough—so the treatment costs sky-rocketed. We saw too many families go through bankruptcy because they could not afford the healthcare that they needed. We saw too many people literally cutting their prescription pills in half, hoping to stretch out their medicine because they could not afford more, even though they knew they were compromising their health. We cannot go back to this cruel, dreadful situation. The following Senators support my motion to commit: Senators C
ARPER , B
ROWN , BLUMENTHAL , WARREN , NELSON , V
ANHOLLEN , DUCKWORTH , and S TABE -
NOW. I ask unanimous consent that the full text of my motion to commit be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Cardin moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions in the bill that would weaken access to essential health ben-efits, reduce access to affordable preventive services, and undermine the prohibition of annual and lifetime limits and caps on out- of-pocket expenditures for health insurance plans. Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, I in-tend to offer a motion to commit the reconciliation bill to the Senate Health, Education, Labor & Pensions, HELP, Committee with instructions to report the bill back to the Senate with-in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that would eliminate pro-visions in the bill that would increase health disparities among certain popu-lations, including disparities on the basis of race and ethnicity, socio-economic status, gender, religion, dis-ability status, geographic location, and sexual identity and orientation. I am offering this motion because communities of color and disenfranchised communities have faced significant barriers to accessing affordable health coverage, and these barriers have contributed to health dis-parities, which are evident in higher rates of diabetes, heart disease, hepa-titis B, HIV/AIDS and infant mortality, among other conditions. The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act’s vital coverage reforms, which include Medicaid expansion, cost sharing re-ductions, eliminating annual and life-time limits, and creating coverage op-tions for individuals with preexisting conditions, has led to sharp declines in the uninsured rates for minorities and low-income populations. With the im-plementation of the major ACA cov-erage provisions in 2014, the uninsured rate dropped dramatically and contin-ued to fall in 2015. In 2015, the non-elderly uninsured rate was 10.5 percent, the lowest rate in decades, with the most dramatic changes seen among low-income Latino Americans, African Americans, and Asian Americans. Minorities now make up more than 35 percent of the American population, and that number is expected to rise in the future. Every community across this great Nation deserves optimal health. A person’s ethnic or racial background should never determine the length or quality of his or her life. We must work to bridge health equity across communities, ensure that all Americans have access to affordable, high-quality healthcare, and continue our efforts to eliminate health dispari-ties. The following Senators support my motion to commit: Senators B
OOKER , H
IRONO , B ROWN , C ARPER , S TABENOW , M
ARKEY , B LUMENTHAL , V ANHOLLEN , and N
ELSON . I ask unanimous consent that the full text of my motion to com-mit be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.041 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4276 July 26, 2017 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Cardin moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminates provisions of the bill that would increase health disparities among cer-tain populations, including disparities on the basis of race and ethnicity, socioeconomic status, gender, religion, disability status, ge-ographic location, and sexual identity and orientation. 
Ms. BALDWIN. Madam President, I intend to offer the following motion to commit H.R. 1628 with instructions, on behalf of myself and Senator H
IRONO , to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions to elimi-nate provisions that threaten to make healthcare unaffordable for those with preexisting conditions. I ask unani-mous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The motion is supported by Senators B
LUMENTHAL , DURBIN , STABENOW , FEIN-
STEIN , L EAHY , B ROWN , H ARRIS , F
RANKEN , CARPER , COONS , UDALL , SHA-
HEEN , VANHOLLEN , MENENDEZ , REED, M
ANCHIN , C ARDIN , M URPHY , D
UCKWORTH , W ARREN , W YDEN , W HITE-
HOUSE , HEINRICH , WARNER , KLOBUCHAR , N
ELSON , BENNET , MARKEY , BOOKER , and K
ING. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Baldwin moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make health care unaffordable for those with pre-existing conditions. 
Mrs. M CCASKILL. Madam President, I intend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous con-sent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The motion is supported by Senator D
ONNELLY . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mrs. McCaskill moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with— (1) changes that are within the jurisdiction of such committee and are comparable to the amendment described in paragraph (2); or (2) the following amendment: At the appro-priate place, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. ACCESS TO COVERAGE FOR INDIVID-UALS IN AREAS WITHOUT ANY AVAILABLE EXCHANGE PLANS. 
Part 2 of subtitle D of title I of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18031 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1314. ACCESS TO COVERAGE FOR INDIVID-UALS IN AREAS WITHOUT ANY AVAILABLE EXCHANGE PLANS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) COVERAGE THROUGH DC SHOP EX -
CHANGE .—Not later than 3 months after the date of enactment of this section, the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury and the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, shall establish a mechanism to ensure that, for any plan year beginning on or after the date described in subsection (c), any individual described in paragraph (2) may enroll in health insurance coverage in the small group market through the Exchange operating in the District of Co-lumbia, including the health insurance cov-erage that is available to Members of Con-gress and congressional staff (as defined in section 1312(d)(3)(D)). ‘‘(2) I
NDIVIDUAL DESCRIBED .—An individual described in this paragraph is any individual who— ‘‘(A) is eligible to purchase health insur-ance coverage through the Exchange oper-ating in the State of residence of the indi-vidual; and ‘‘(B) resides in a rating area or county in which the Secretary certifies that no quali-fied health plan is offered through an Ex-change established under this title. ‘‘(b) P
REMIUM ASSISTANCE TAXCREDITS AND  C
OST-SHARING .—Any individual described in subsection (a)(2) who enrolls in health insur-ance coverage through the Exchange oper-ating in the District of Columbia pursuant to subsection (a)(1) shall be eligible for any pre-mium tax credit under section 36B of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986, or reduced cost- sharing under section 1402, that the indi-vidual would otherwise be eligible for if en-rolling in health insurance coverage in the individual market through the Exchange op-erating in the State of the individual. ‘‘(c) D
ATEDESCRIBED .—The date described in this subsection is the date on which the Secretary establishes the mechanism under subsection (a)(1).’’. 
Mr. NELSON. Madam President, I in-tend to offer the following motion to commit about children with a Zika-re-lated condition to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Nelson moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; (2) ensure that no children who are born with or develop a Zika-related condition will lose their existing health insurance coverage whether obtained through an Exchange or Medicaid. 
Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, I in-tend to offer a motion to commit the reconciliation bill to the Finance Com-mittee with instructions to report the bill back to the Senate within 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that would eliminate provisions that hand out tax breaks to large corpora-tions and the most affluent Americans while the bill makes cuts to Medicaid, which serves millions of our most needy Americans, including the elderly poor and poor children. I am offering this motion because the Finance Committee should review the implications of depriving millions of Americans, including children, vet-erans, individuals with disabilities, and older people, of their health insurance while at the same time providing large tax breaks to the richest Americans and biggest corporations. H.R. 1628 off-sets those tax breaks by voraciously cutting the Medicaid Program. Repub-licans are using the Medicaid Program as a pay-for for these large tax breaks. As a result, the Republican bill harms far more people than it will help. Former President John F. Kennedy said, ‘‘To govern is to choose.’’ The Re-publicans have made a cruel choice, and I object to it. The following Senators support my motion to commit: Senators HARRIS , V
ANHOLLEN , CASEY , U DALL , COONS , M
ARKEY , BOOKER , and L EAHY . I ask unanimous consent that the full text of my motion to commit be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Cardin moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that hand out tax breaks to large corporations and high-in-come taxpayers in connection with a bill that makes cuts to Medicaid. 
Mr. KING. Madam President, I intend to move, with the support of Mr. B
LUMENTHAL and Mrs. S HAHEEN , that H.R. 1628 be committed to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that preserve, maintain, sus-tain, and expand the Prevention and Public Health Fund established under section 4002 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, 42 USC 300u– 11. I request unanimous consent that this motion to commit be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. King moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) preserve, maintain, sustain, and expand the Prevention and Public Health Fund es-tablished under section 4002 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 300u–11). 
Mr. KING. Madam President, I intend to move, with the support of Mr. B
LUMENTHAL and Mrs. S HAHEEN , that H.R. 1628 be committed to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.053 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4277 July 26, 2017 
days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that will support the preserva-tion, maintenance, sustenance. and ex-pansion of the National Health Service Corps and public health nursing pro-grams by preserving such programs and their funding. I request unanimous consent that this motion to commit be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. King moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) support the preservation, maintenance, sustenance, and expansion of the National Health Service Corps programs and public health nursing programs by preserving such programs and their funding. 
Mr. KING. Madam President, I intend to move, with the support of Mr. B
LUMENTHAL and Mrs. S HAHEEN , that H.R. 1628 be committed to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that will protect, preserve, maintain, sustain, and expand all pro-grams related to addressing, identi-fying the causes of, and reducing infant mortality. I request unanimous consent that this motion to commit be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. King moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) will protect, preserve, maintain, sus-tain, and expand all programs related to ad-dressing, identifying causes of, and reducing infant mortality. 
Mr. KING. Madam President, I intend to move, with the support of Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. C ASEY , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , and Mr. C OONS , that H.R. 1628 be committed to the Committee on Fi-nance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that will support the promotion of maternal and child health, including the reduc-tion of infant, child, and maternal mor-tality, through the use of home-vis-iting services by extending funding for maternal, infant, and early childhood home-visiting programs under section 511 of the Social Security Act, 42 USC 711, through the 10-year budget win-dow. I request unanimous consent that this motion to commit be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. King moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) supports the promotion of maternal and child health, including the reduction of in-fant, child, and maternal mortality, through the use of home visiting services by extend-ing funding for maternal, infant, and early childhood home visiting programs under sec-tion 511 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 711) through the 10-year budget window. 
Mr. MERKLEY. Madam President, I intend to offer the following motions to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous con-sent that they be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing health insurance pre-miums for people with diabetes. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing out of pocket health care costs for people wih diabetes. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing health insurance pre-miums for pregnant women. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing health insurance pre-miums for parents of children ages 3-10. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing health insurance pre-miums for parents of infants. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing health insurance pre-miums for Korean War veterans. MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing health insurance pre-miums for Vietnam War veterans. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing health insurance pre-miums for veterans of the wars in Afghani-stan. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing health insurance pre-miums for veterans of the War in Iraq. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing health insurance pre-miums for World War II veterans. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing health insurance pre-miums for Social Security recipients. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing health insurance pre-miums for Medicare beneficiaries. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing health insurance pre-miums for individuals with pre-existing con-ditions. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.045 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4278 July 26, 2017 
within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing health insurance pre-miums for people with cancer. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing health insurance pre-miums for children with cancer. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing health insurance pre-miums for people with brain cancer. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing health insurance pre-miums for people with leukemia. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing health insurance pre-miums for people with cervical cancer. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing health insurance pre-miums for people with colorectal cancer. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing health insurance pre-miums for people with lymphoma. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing health insurance pre-miums for people with lung cancer. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing health insurance pre-miums for people with melanoma. MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing health insurance pre-miums for people with ovarian cancer. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing health insurance pre-miums for people with pancreatic cancer. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing health insurance pre-miums for people with prostate cancer. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing health insurance pre-miums for people with breast cancer. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing health insurance pre-miums for people with asthma. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of eliminating Medicaid coverage for people with autism. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing health insurance pre-miums for people with Alzheimer’s Disease. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing health insurance pre-miums for people with cerebral palsy. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing health insurance pre-miums for people with cystic fibrosis. MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing health insurance pre-miums for people with crohn’s disease. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing health insurance pre-miums for people with ulcerative colitis. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing health insurance pre-miums for people with lupus. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing health insurance pre-miums for people with rheumatoid arthritis. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing health insurance pre-miums for people with AIDs. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing health insurance pre-miums for people with HIV. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing health insurance pre-miums for people with multiple sclerosis. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.082 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4279 July 26, 2017 
effect of increasing health insurance pre-miums for people with muscular dystrophy. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing health insurance pre-miums for people with Parkinson’s Disease. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing health insurance pre-miums for people with Lou Gehrig’s disease (ALS). M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing health insurance pre-miums for people with autism. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing out of pocket health care costs for pregnant women. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing out of pocket health care costs for children ages 3 to 10 years old. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing out of pocket health care costs for parents of infants. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing out of pocket health care costs for Korean War veterans. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing out of pocket health care costs for Vietnam War veterans. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing out of pocket health care costs for veterans of the Wars in Afghani-stan. MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing out of pocket health care costs for veterans of the War in Iraq. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing out of pocket health care costs for World War II veterans. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing out of pocket health care costs for Social Security recipients. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing out of pocket health care costs for Medicare beneficiaries. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing out of pocket health care costs for individuals with pre-existing condi-tions. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing out of pocket health care costs for people with cancer. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing out of pocket health care costs for children with cancer. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing out of pocket health care costs for people with brain cancer. MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing out of pocket health care costs for people with leukemia. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing out of pocket health care costs for people with cervical cancer. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing out of pocket health care costs for people with colorectal cancer. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing out of pocket health care costs for people with lymphoma. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing out of pocket health care costs for people with lung cancer. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing out of pocket health care costs for people with melanoma. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing out of pocket health care costs for people with ovarian cancer. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing out of pocket health care costs for people with pancreatic cancer. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.082 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4280 July 26, 2017 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing out of pocket health care costs for people with prostate cancer. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing out of pocket health care costs for people with breast cancer. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing out of pocket health care costs for people with asthma. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing out of pocket health care costs for people with Alzheimer’s Disease. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing out of pocket health care costs for people with cerebral palsy. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing out of pocket health care costs for people with cystic fibrosis. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing out of pocket health care costs for people with Crohn’s disease. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing out of pocket health care costs for people with ulcerative colitis. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing out of pocket health care costs for people with lupus. MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing out of pocket health care costs for people with rheumatoid arthritis. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing out of pocket health care costs for people with AIDs. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing out of pocket health care costs for people with HIV. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing out of pocket health care costs for people with multiple sclerosis. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing out of pocket health care costs for people with muscular dystrophy. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing out of pocket health care costs for people with Parkinson’s Disease. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing out of pocket health care costs for people with Lou Gehrig’s disease (ALS). M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of increasing out of pocket health care costs for people with autism. MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of eliminating Medicaid coverage for pregnant women. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of eliminating Medicaid coverage for children ages 3-10 years olf. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of eliminating Medicaid coverage for parents of infants. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of eliminating Medicaid coverage for Korean War veterans. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of eliminating Medicaid coverage for Vietnam veterans. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of eliminating Medicaid coverage for veterans of the Wars in Afghanistan. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of eliminating Medicaid coverage for veterans of the War in Iraq. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of eliminating Medicaid coverage for World War II veterans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.082 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4281 July 26, 2017 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of eliminating Medicaid coverage for Social Security recipients. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of eliminating Medicaid coverage for Medicare beneficiaries. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of eliminating Medicaid coverage for individuals with pre-existing conditions. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of eliminating Medicaid coverage for people with cancer. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of eliminating Medicaid coverage for children with cancer. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of eliminating Medicaid coverage for people with brain cancer. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of eliminating Medicaid coverage for people with leukemia. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of eliminating Medicaid coverage for people with cervical cancer. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of eliminating Medicaid coverage for people with colorectal cancer. MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of eliminating Medicaid coverage for people with lymphoma. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of eliminating Medicaid coverage for people with lung cancer. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of eliminating Medicaid coverage for people with melanoma. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of eliminating Medicaid coverage for people with Ovarian cancer. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of eliminating Medicaid coverage for people with pancreatic cancer. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of eliminating Medicaid coverage for people with prostate cancer. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of eliminating Medicaid coverage for people with breast cancer. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of eliminating Medicaid coverage for people with diabetes. MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of eliminating Medicaid coverage for people with asthma. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of eliminating Medicaid coverage for people with asthma. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of eliminating Medicaid coverage for people with Alzheimer’s Disease. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of eliminating Medicaid coverage for people with cerebral palsy. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of eliminating Medicaid coverage for people with cystic fibrosis. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of eliminating Medicaid coverage for people with Crohn’s Disease. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of eliminating Medicaid coverage for people with ulcerative colitis. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of eliminating Medicaid coverage for people with lupus. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.082 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4282 July 26, 2017 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of eliminating Medicaid coverage for people with rheumatoid arthritis. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of eliminating Medicaid coverage for people with AIDs. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of eliminating Medicaid coverage for people with HIV. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of eliminating Medicaid coverage for people with multiple sclerosis. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of eliminating Medicaid coverage for people with muscular dystrophy. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of eliminating Medicaid coverage for people with Parkinson’s Disease. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Merkley moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days with changes that are within the jurisdiction of such Committee to strike provisions in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act of 2017 that could have the effect of eliminating Medicaid coverage for people with Lou Gehrig’s Disease (ALS). 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Madam Presi-dent, I ask unanimous consent that the text of my motions to commit be print-ed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions with instruc-tions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to charge individuals with childhood cancer more for preventative health care. MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions with instruc-tions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to charge individuals with metastatic cancer more for preventative health care. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions with instruc-tions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to charge individuals with Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) more for preventative health care. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions with instruc-tions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to charge individuals with asthma more for pre-ventative health care. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions with instruc-tions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to charge individuals with autism more for pre-ventative health care. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions with instruc-tions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to charge individuals with blast injuries more for preventative health care. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions with instruc-tions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to charge individuals with congenital heart de-fects more for preventative health care. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that would weaken coverage provided by Medicaid to individuals with a mental health illness. MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that would weaken coverage provided by Medicaid to individuals with Alzheimer’s disease. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that would weaken coverage provided by Medicaid to individuals with any rare disease. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that would weaken coverage provided by Medicaid to individuals with lupus. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that would weaken coverage provided by Medicaid to individuals with Down syndrome. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make prescription drugs unaffordable for in-dividuals with breast cancer. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make prescription drugs unaffordable for in-dividuals with blast injuries. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.082 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4283 July 26, 2017 
(1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make prescription drugs unaffordable for in-dividuals with autism. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions with instruc-tions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to charge individuals with opioid addiction more for preventative health care. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions with instruc-tions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to charge individuals with a mental health ill-ness more for preventative health care. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions with instruc-tions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to charge individuals with Alzheimer’s disease more for preventative health care. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions with instruc-tions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to charge individuals with any rare disease more for preventative health care. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions with instruc-tions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to charge individuals with Down syndrome more for preventative health care. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions with instruc-tions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to charge individuals with any lupus more for preventative health care. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make prescription drugs unaffordable for in-dividuals with metastatic cancer. MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make prescription drugs unaffordable for in-dividuals with Down syndrome. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make prescription drugs unaffordable for in-dividuals with childhood cancer. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance of the Senate with instructions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days, not count-ing any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that would ensure that no individual with income of more than $750,000,000 annually would benefit from any of the TrumpCare tax cuts. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that would weaken coverage provided by Medicaid to individuals with congenital heart defects. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that would weaken coverage provided by Medicaid to individuals with diabetes. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that would weaken coverage provided by Medicaid to individuals with opioid addiction. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that would threat-en to make prescription drugs unaffordable for individuals with asthma. MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make prescription drugs unaffordable for in-dividuals with Amyotrophic Lateral Scle-rosis (ALS). 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I intend to file a motion to commit the reconciliation bill to the Finance Com-mittee with instructions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in Session, with changes that would eliminate provisions that threaten to make prescription drugs unaffordable for those with childhood cancer. I am offering this motion be-cause the Finance Committee should review the implications of depriving millions of Americans of health insur-ance while at the same time providing tax breaks to the wealthiest Ameri-cans. I ask unanimous consent that the full text of my motion to commit be printed in the R
ECORD following my re-marks. 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make prescription drugs unaffordable for in-dividuals with Multiple Sclerosis. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make prescription drugs unaffordable for in-dividuals with Parkinson’s disease. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions with instruc-tions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to charge individuals with diabetes more for preventative health care. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance of the Senate with instructions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days, not count-ing any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that would ensure that no individual with income of more than $1,000,000 annually would benefit from any of the TrumpCare tax cuts. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.055 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4284 July 26, 2017 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance of the Senate with instructions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days, not count-ing any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that would ensure that billionaires would not benefit from any of the TrumpCare tax cuts. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance of the Senate with instructions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days, not count-ing any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that would ensure that no individual with income of more than $500,000,000 annually would benefit from any of the TrumpCare tax cuts. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that would weaken coverage provided by Medicaid to individuals with blast injuries. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that would weaken coverage provided by Medicaid to individuals with autism. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that would weaken coverage provided by Medicaid to individuals with asthma. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that would weaken coverage provided by Medicaid to individuals with Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS). M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that would weaken coverage provided by Medicaid to individuals with metastatic cancer. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that would weaken coverage provided by Medicaid to individuals with childhood cancer. MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that would weaken coverage provided by Medicaid to individuals with Multiple Sclerosis. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that would weaken coverage provided by Medicaid to individuals with Parkinson’s disease. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that would weaken coverage provided by Medicaid to individuals with breast cancer. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make prescription drugs unaffordable for in-dividuals with congenital heart defects. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make prescription drugs unaffordable for in-dividuals with diabetes. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make prescription drugs unaffordable for in-dividuals with opioid addiction. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make prescription drugs unaffordable for in-dividuals with a mental health illness. MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make prescription drugs unaffordable for in-dividuals with Alzheimer’s disease. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make prescription drugs unaffordable for in-dividuals with any rare disease. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to make prescription drugs unaffordable for in-dividuals with lupus. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that would reduce financial assistance, such as tax credits, for low- and moderate-income Americans. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions with instruc-tions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to charge individuals with breast cancer more for preventative health care. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions with instruc-tions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to charge individuals with Parkinson’s disease more for preventative health care. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Van Hollen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions with instruc-tions to report the same back to the Senate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.057 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4285 July 26, 2017 
in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that threaten to charge individuals with Multiple Sclerosis more for preventative health care. 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Madam President, I intend to offer the following motions to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous con-sent that they be printed in the R
ECORD . Both motions are supported by Senators F
RANKEN and U DALL . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Heitkamp moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that all Native children with family incomes that do not exceed 133 per-cent of the Federal poverty line (as deter-mined under section 1902(e)(14) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(e)(14))) continue to receive the same level of Medicaid bene-fits and protections that they are eligible for under current law, such as early and periodic screening, diagnostic, and treatment serv-ices, and cost-sharing protections. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Heitkamp moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions with instruc-tions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that would limit access to health care for Native American youth, including members of Indian tribes and Native Hawaiians, with respect to serv-ices related to— (A) mental and behavioral health care; (B) trauma-informed and trauma-specific interventions; and (C) suicide prevention. 
Mr. FRANKEN. Madam President, I intend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The motion is supported by Senators S
HA-
HEEN and B LUMENTHAL . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Franken moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that are within the jurisdiction of the Committee and that strike provisions that would unravel the rural health safety net by further reducing revenue to rural pro-viders, put health care and other community jobs at risk, or otherwise force rural pro-viders to cut back on services. 
Mr. FRANKEN. Madam President, I intend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The motion is supported by Senator B
LUMENTHAL . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the RECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Franken moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that are within the jurisdiction of the Committee and that strike provisions that would increase premiums and other health care costs for farmers or other indi-viduals and families living in rural areas. 
Mr. FRANKEN. Madam President, I intend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The motion is supported by Senator U
DALL . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Franken moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that no provision of the bill would— (A) exacerbate the state of emergency re-garding opioids in Indian country; (B) reduce funding for the Indian Health Service or Medicaid such that Indians or Alaskan Natives would experience a decrease in access or services; or (C) cause any cost or shift to the Indian Health Service for services that are cur-rently paid for by Medicaid. 
Mr. FRANKEN. Madam President, I intend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Franken moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that are within the jurisdiction of the Committee and that strike provisions that would further limit the amount of reve-nues that States could collect through pro-vider tax arrangements to fund the State share of Medicaid spending. 
Mr. FRANKEN. Madam President, I intend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The motion is supported by Senators B
ALD-
WIN, CASEY , COONS , and B LUMENTHAL . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Franken moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that are within the jurisdiction of the Committee and that strike provisions that threaten the affordability of health plans offered by employers to their employ-ees, or otherwise fail to address plan afford-ability for employees and their dependents. Mr. FRANKEN. Madam President, I intend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The motion is supported by Senators B
ALD-
WIN, D UCKWORTH , R EED, C ARPER , B
LUMENTHAL , BROWN , WARREN , STABE -
NOW, BOOKER , UDALL , FEINSTEIN , SHA-
HEEN , COONS , NELSON , and V ANHOLLEN . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Franken moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that are within the jurisdiction of the Committee and that strike provisions that result in increased prescription drug costs for patients and families. 
Mr. FRANKEN. Madam President, I intend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The motion is supported by Senators C
ANT-
WELL and K LOBUCHAR . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Franken moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that are within the jurisdiction of the Committee and that strike provisions that would jeopardize funding for State basic health programs, or otherwise force States to pay more for providing health coverage under a State basic health program. 
Mrs. M CCASKILL . Madam President, I intend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The motion is supported by Senators D
ON-
NELLY and S TABENOW . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mrs. M
CCASKILL moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with— (1) changes that are within the jurisdiction of such committee and are comparable to the amendment described in paragraph (2); or (2) the following amendment: At the appro-priate place, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. ACCESS TO COVERAGE FOR INDIVID-UALS IN AREAS WITHOUT ANY AVAILABLE EXCHANGE PLANS. 
Part 2 of subtitle D of title I of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18031 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1314. ACCESS TO COVERAGE FOR INDIVID-UALS IN AREAS WITHOUT ANY AVAILABLE EXCHANGE PLANS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) C
OVERAGE THROUGH DC SHOP EX -
CHANGE .—Not later than 3 months after the date of enactment of this section, the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Secretary of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:28 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.058 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4286 July 26, 2017 
the Treasury and the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, shall establish a mechanism to ensure that, for any plan year beginning on or after the date described in subsection (c), any individual described in paragraph (2) may enroll in health insurance coverage in the small group market through the Exchange operating in the District of Co-lumbia, including the health insurance cov-erage that is available to Members of Con-gress and congressional staff (as defined in section 1312(d)(3)(D)). ‘‘(2) I
NDIVIDUAL DESCRIBED .—An individual described in this paragraph is any individual who— ‘‘(A) is eligible to purchase health insur-ance coverage through the Exchange oper-ating in the State of residence of the indi-vidual; and ‘‘(B) resides in a rating area or county in which the Secretary certifies that no quali-fied health plan is offered through an Ex-change established under this title. ‘‘(b) P
REMIUM ASSISTANCE TAXCREDITS AND  C
OST-SHARING .—Any individual described in subsection (a)(2) who enrolls in health insur-ance coverage through the Exchange oper-ating in the District of Columbia pursuant to subsection (a)(1) shall be eligible for any pre-mium tax credit under section 36B of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986, or reduced cost- sharing under section 1402, that the indi-vidual would otherwise be eligible for if en-rolling in health insurance coverage in the individual market through the Exchange op-erating in the State of the individual. ‘‘(c) D
ATEDESCRIBED .—The date described in this subsection is the date on which the Secretary establishes the mechanism under subsection (a)(1).’’. 
Mr. MURPHY. Madam President, I intend to offer the following motions to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous con-sent that they be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Murphy moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate all tax cuts in the bill for the pharmaceutical industry. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Murphy moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate all tax cuts in the bill for— (A) the health insurance and pharma-ceutical industries; and (B) the wealthiest 1 percent of Americans. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Murphy moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate all tax cuts in the bill for the health insurance industry. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Murphy moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate all tax cuts in the bill for in-surance companies for the purposes of execu-tive compensation. MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Murphy moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate all tax cuts in the bill for the tanning bed industry. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Murphy moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that would reduce access to mental health treatment. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Murphy moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that would reduce access to health care for cancer patients. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Murphy moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that would reduce access to health care for Medicaid bene-ficiaries receiving home and community- based services. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Murphy moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate all tax cuts in the bill that would negatively impact the solvency of the Medicare Hospital Insurance Trust Fund under section 1817 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395i). 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Madam President, I intend to offer the following five mo-tions to commit to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that they be print-ed in the R
ECORD . The first motion would send the rec-onciliation bill to the Health, Edu-cation, Labor and Pensions Committee with instructions to strike repeal of cost sharing reductions, CSRs, and ad-vanced premium tax credits and re-place this section with my legislation, the Marketplace Certainty Act, which would make CSRs permanent and ex-tend them to those making up to 400 percent of the Federal poverty line. I want to reiterate what I previously said for the RECORD , that the Afford-able Care Act, ACA, already prescribes that such payments are to be made from such a permanent appropriation pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 1324. The first motion is supported by Sen-ators C
ARPER , REED, MURPHY , BALDWIN , H
IRONO , K LOBUCHAR , B LUMENTHAL , H
EINRICH , COONS , HEITKAMP , STABENOW , C
ARDIN , M ARKEY , W ARNER , and V AN H
OLLEN . The second motion would send the reconciliation bill to the Finance Com-mittee with instructions to strike re-peal of cost sharing reductions, CSRs, and advanced premium tax credits and replace this section with my legisla-tion, the Marketplace Certainty Act, which would make CSRs permanent and extend them to those making up to 400 percent of the Federal poverty line. Similar to the first motion, I want to reiterate what I previously said for the R
ECORD , that the ACA already pre-scribes that such payments are to be made from such a permanent appro-priation pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 1324. The second motion is supported by Senators C
ARPER , R EED, M URPHY , B
ALDWIN , H IRONO , K LOBUCHAR , B
LUMENTHAL , H EINRICH , C OONS , H
EITKAMP , STABENOW , CARDIN , MARKEY , W
ARNER , and V ANHOLLEN . The third motion would send the rec-onciliation bill to the Finance Com-mittee with instructions to strike pro-visions that would weaken or eliminate the small employer health insurance credit, prohibit the ability of entre-preneurs to purchase affordable health coverage through the individual mar-ketplace, or allow discriminatory rat-ing rules that prohibit small businesses from providing affordable, comprehen-sive benefits to their employees. The third motion is supported by Senators B
LUMENTHAL , CARPER , UDALL , B
ALDWIN , BROWN , PETERS , and S TABE -
NOW. The fourth motion would send the reconciliation bill to the Health, Edu-cation, Labor and Pensions Committee with instructions to strike provisions that would allow insurers to establish diabetes as a preexisting condition or reduce funding for diabetes research, treatment, prevention and education. The fourth motion is supported by Senators H
IRONO , K LOBUCHAR , B
LUMENTHAL , MENENDEZ , and V ANHOL-
LEN. The fifth motion would send the rec-onciliation bill to the Finance Com-mittee with instructions to strike lan-guage that would remove mental healthcare services from the list of es-sential health benefits or prohibit States from providing Medicaid cov-erage for more than 30 consecutive days of inpatient psychiatric services. The fifth motion is supported by Sen-ators H
IRONO and B LUMENTHAL . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.049 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4287 July 26, 2017 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mrs. Shaheen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions with instruc-tions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that nothing in the bill would— (A) establish diabetes as a pre-existing con-dition such that insurers could charge higher premiums for diabetes patients; or (B) reduce funding allocated to diabetes re-search, treatment, prevention, and edu-cation. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mrs. Shaheen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance of the Senate with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in ses-sion, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) strike any language that would repeal advanced premium tax credits under the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act to insurance companies. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mrs. Shaheen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; (2) strike any language that would repeal or prevent the Federal government from pay-ing cost sharing reductions under the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act to insurance companies; and (3) increase cost sharing reductions under such Act such that the plan’s share of the al-lowed cost of benefits provided under a plan is 95 percent, 90 percent, and 85 percent re-spectively, rather than 94 percent, 87 per-cent, and 73 percent as under current law. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mrs. Shaheen moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that— (A) mental health care services are not re-moved from the list of essential health bene-fits; and (B) States are permitted to provide Med-icaid coverage for more than 30 consecutive days of inpatient psychiatric services. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mrs. Shaheen move to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance of the Sen-ate with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in ses-sion, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; (2) strike any language that— (A) weakens or eliminates the tax credit to help small businesses purchase health insur-ance under section 45R of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986; (B) inhibits the ability of entrepreneurs to purchase affordable health coverage through the individual marketplace; or (C) employs discriminatory rating rules that prohibit small businesses from pro-viding affordable, comprehensive benefits to their employees; (3) expand the tax credit for employee health insurance expenses of small employ-ers to include employers with a greater num-ber of employees, to extend the credit period, and to raise the level of other limitations under the credit; and (4) offset such amendments with modifica-tions to the rules relating to inverted cor-porations. Mr. UDALL. Madam President, I in-tend to offer a motion to commit H.R. 1628 to the Finance Committee to re-view the impacts of this bill on the In-dian Health Service, Tribal Health Pro-grams, Urban Indian Health Programs, or Indian Tribes or other Tribal organi-zations, or with respect to services pro-vided to individuals who are American Indian or Alaska Native. I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD , and it is sup-ported by Senators C
ANTWELL , CORTEZ  M
ASTO , HEINRICH , HEITKAMP , FRANKEN , M
URRAY , MERKLEY , SCHATZ , STABENOW , and T
ESTER . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Udall moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; (2) provide that any reduction or limita-tion of Federal payments to help cover the cost of private health insurance not apply with respect to private health insurance pur-chased by American Indians or Alaska Na-tives; and (3) provide that any reduction or limita-tion of Federal payments for spending under the Medicaid program shall not apply with respect to services provided by the Indian Health Service, an Indian Health Program, an Urban Indian Organization, or Indian tribes or other tribal organizations, or with respect to services provided to individuals who are American Indians or Alaska Natives. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Madam President, I intend to offer a motion to commit the reconciliation bill to the Committe on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that prohibit eliminating or reducing fund-ing to States unless the Congressional Budget Office certifies that such changes will not increase the number of uninsured Americans, decrease Med-icaid enrollment in Medicaid expansion States, reduce the likelihood non-expansion States will expand, or in-crease the State share of Medicaid spending. I am offering this motion to ensure individuals who gained coverage due to the Affordable Care Act’s Medicaid ex-pansion do not lose their coverage and States that expanded Medicaid are not penalized by this bill. The following Senators support my motion to commit: D
URBIN , HEINRICH , U
DALL , B OOKER , S HAHEEN , and B
LUMENTHAL . I ask unanimous consent that the full text of my motion to commit be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Menendez moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) prohibit eliminating or reducing fund-ing available to States to provide com-prehensive, affordable health care to low-in-come Americans by eliminating or reducing the availability of Federal financial assist-ance to States available under section 1905(y)(1) or 1905(z)(2) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396d(y)(1), 1396d(z)(2)) or other means, unless the Director of the Congres-sional Budget Office certifies any such changes will not— (A) increase the number of uninsured Americans; (B) decrease Medicaid enrollment in States that have opted to expand eligibility for medical assistance under that program for low-income, non-elderly individuals under the eligibility option established by the Af-fordable Care Act under section 1902(a)(10)(A)(i)(VIII) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(a)(10)(A)(i)(VIII)); (C) reduce the likelihood that any State that has not opted to expand Medicaid under the eligibility option established by the Af-fordable Care Act under section 1902(a)(10)(A)(i)(VIII) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(a)(10)(A)(i)(VIII)) would opt to use that eligibility option to expand eligibility for medical assistance under that program for low-income, non-elderly individ-uals; or (D) increase the State share of Medicaid spending under that eligibility option. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Madam President, I intend to offer a motion to commit the reconciliation bill to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that No. 1, are within the jurisdiction of such committee; and No. 2, ensure that the bill shall not take effect until the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services certifies under oath, with standing given to each State attorney general for any charges of perjury, that no in-dividual with a preexisting condition will be unable to receive the necessary medications to sustain their life, limbs, eyesight, or other necessary healthcare and medications for the pre-existing condition due to a State cut-ting essential health benefits, min-imum services, or necessary medica-tion from the insurance plans offered through their exchanges. I am offering this motion because individuals with preexisting condition must not lose ac-cess to the medications they need to manage their conditions and live full, productive lives. The following Senators support my motion to commit: S
HAHEEN and B
LUMENTHAL . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.047 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4288 July 26, 2017 
I ask unanimous consent that the full text of my motion to commit be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Menendez moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions with instruc-tions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that the bill shall not take effect until the Secretary of Health and Human Services certifies under oath, with standing given to each State Attorney General for any charges of perjury, that no individual with a preexisting condition will be unable to receive the necessary medications to sus-tain their life, limbs, eyesight, or other nec-essary healthcare and medications for the preexisting condition due to a State cutting essential health benefits, minimum services, or necessary medication from the insurance plans offered through their Exchanges. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Madam President, I intend to offer a motion to commit the reconciliation bill to the Committee on Finance with Instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that No. 1, are within the jurisdiction of such committee; and No. 2, add automatic sunset to the bill and reinstate the Af-fordable Care Act if the uninsured rate increases 10 percent as compared to the rate at the beginning of fiscal year 2017. I am offering this motion because any bill that increases the uninsured rate is a giant step backward. I ask unanimous consent that the full text of my motion to commit be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Menendez moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) add an automatic sunset to the bill and reinstate the Affordable Care Act if the unin-sured rate increases 10 percent as compared to the rate at the beginning of fiscal year 2017. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Madam President, I intend to offer a motion to commit the reconciliation bill to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that No. 1, are within the jurisdiction of such committee; and No. 2, add an auto-matic sunset to the bill and reinstate the Affordable Care Act if the unin-sured rate increases 20 percent as com-pared to the rate at the beginning of fiscal year 2017. I am offering this mo-tion because any bill that increases the uninsured rate is a giant step back-ward. I ask unanimous consent that the full text of my motion to commit be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Menendez moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) add an automatic sunset to the bill and reinstate the Affordable Care Act if the unin-sured rate increases 20 percent as compared to the rate at the beginning of fiscal year 2017. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Madam President, I intend to offer a motion to commit the reconciliation bill to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that No. 1, are within the jurisdiction of such committee; and No. 2, ensure that the bill shall not take effect until the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services certifies under oath, with standing given to each State attorney general for any charges of perjury, that no do-mestic violence victim will have less coverage for any condition arising from the abuse than they have under current law. I am offering this motion because survivors of domestic or sexual abuse must receive the care they need to deal with their past trauma. The following Senator supports my motion to commit: B
LUMENTHAL . I ask unanimous consent that the full text of my motion to commit be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Menendez moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that the bill shall not take effect until the Secretary of Health and Human Services certifies under oath, with standing given to each State Attorney General for any charges of perjury, that no domestic or sexual violence victim will have less cov-erage for any condition arising from the abuse than they have under current law. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Madam President, I intend to offer a motion to commit the reconciliation bill to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that No. 1, are within the jurisdiction of such committee; and No. 2, add an auto-matic sunset to the bill and reinstate the Affordable Care Act if, (A), pre-miums increase by more than 10 per-cent for the average senior aged 50 to 64 within any 365-day period in the next 10 years; or, B, out-of-pocket costs in-crease by more than 10 percent for the average senior aged 50 to 64 within any 365-day period in the next 10 years. I am offering this motion to provide re-lief for older Americans who will be harmed by harmful provisions in this bill. The following Senator supports my motion to commit: SHAHEEN . I ask unanimous consent that the full text of my motion to commit be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Menendez moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) add an automatic sunset to the bill and reinstate the Affordable Care Act if— (A) premiums increase by more than 10 percent for the average senior aged 50 to 64 within any 365 day period in the next 10 years; or (B) out-of-pocket costs increase by more than 10 percent for the average senior aged 50 to 64 within any 365 day period in the next 10 years. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Madam President, I intend to offer a motion to commit the reconciliation bill to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that No. 1, are within the jurisdiction of such committee; and No. 2, ensure that the procedure for distribution of funds from the State Stability and Innova-tion Program also factor in the number of uninsured in the State when review-ing the cost of premiums in the State as compared to the national average and prioritize States with a larger number of uninsured. I am offering this motion to ensure States with higher populations receive their fair share of the funds. I ask unanimous consent that the full text of my motion to commit be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Menendez moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that the procedure for distribu-tion of funds from the State Stability and Innovation Program also factor in the num-ber of uninsured in the State when reviewing the cost of premiums in the State as com-pared to the national average and prioritize States with a larger number of uninsured. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Madam President, I intend to offer a motion to commit the reconciliation bill to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.064 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4289 July 26, 2017 
same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that No. 1, are within the jurisdiction of such committee; and No. 2, ensure that no State can deny a woman who becomes pregnant Medicaid coverage regardless of income. I am offering this motion because all women deserve access to maternity care and we know a healthy pregnancy will help ensure a healthy baby. The following Senators support my motion to commit: S
HAHEEN and B
LUMENTHAL . I ask unanimous consent that the full text of my motion to commit be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Menendez moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that no State can deny a woman who becomes pregnant Medicaid coverage re-gardless of income. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Madam President, I intend to offer a motion to commit the reconciliation bill to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that No. 1, are within the jurisdiction of such committee; and No. 2, ensure that there is not a disproportionate impact on women and minorities from reduc-tions in Medicaid funding. I am offering this motion because these healthcare repeal bills have one thing in common: the changes proposed will disproportionately harm women and minorities. The following Senators support my motion to commit: S
HAHEEN and B
LUMENTHAL . I ask unanimous consent that the full text of my motion to commit be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Menendez moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that there is not a dispropor-tionate impact on women and minorities from reductions in Medicaid funding. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Madam President, I intend to offer a motion to commit the reconciliation bill to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that No. 1, are within the jurisdiction of such committee; No. 2, strike section provi-sion amending Section 2701(a)(l)(a)(iii) of the Public Health Service Act; and No. 3, preserve the existing permissible age variation in health insurance pre-mium rates under the Affordable Care Act. I am offering this motion this change in permissible age variation will harm older Americans. The following Senator supports my motion to commit: SHAHEEN . I ask unanimous consent that the full text of my motion to commit be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Menendez moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions with instruc-tions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; (2) strike the provision that amends sec-tion 2701(a)(1)(A)(iii) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg(a)(1)(A)(iii)); and (3) preserve the existing permissible age variation in health insurance premium rates under such section 2701(a)(1)(A)(iii), as added by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Madam President, I intend to offer a motion to commit the reconciliation bill to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that No. 1, are within the jurisdiction of such committee; and No. 2, ensure that the bill will not take effect until the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services certifies under oath—with standing given to each State attorney general to bring perjury charges—that no indi-vidual with autism or any caretaker of an individual with autism will have higher out-of-pocket costs as compared to average costs for similarly situated individuals in fiscal year 2017. I am of-fering this motion because individuals with autism and their caretakers face high costs of medical care and any leg-islation increasing those costs will prove burdensome for American fami-lies. The following Senator supports my motion to commit: B
OOKER . I ask unanimous consent that the full text of my motion to commit be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Menendez moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that the bill will not take effect until the Secretary of Health and Human Services certifies under oath (with standing given to each State Attorney General to bring perjury charges) that no individual with autism or any caretaker of an indi-vidual with autism will have higher out of pocket costs as compared to average costs for similarly situated individuals in fiscal year 2017. Mr. MENENDEZ. Madam President, I intend to offer a motion to commit the reconciliation bill to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that No. 1, are within the jurisdiction of such committee; and No. 2, eliminate provi-sion that would harm children by re-ducing their access to affordable healthcare or limiting coverage or ben-efits under Medicaid. The following Senators support my motion to commit: B
OOKER , BALDWIN , B
LUMENTHAL , W HITEHOUSE , L EAHY , B
ROWN , PETERS , VANHOLLEN , HARRIS , F
RANKEN , F EINSTEIN , U DALL , C OONS , C
ARPER , R EED, D UCKWORTH , D URBIN , G
ILLIBRAND , S TABENOW , W YDEN , H
IRONO , CARDIN , CASEY , BENNET , WAR-
REN, HEINRICH , NELSON , and S HAHEEN . I am offering the motion to protect American children from being harmed by the upheaval that will result in in-surance markets from this bill becom-ing law. I ask unanimous consent that the full text of my motion to commit be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Menendez moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that would harm children by reducing their access to afford-able health care or limiting coverage or ben-efits under Medicaid or in the private insur-ance market. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Madam President, I intend to offer a motion to commit the reconciliation bill to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that No. 1, are within the jurisdiction of such committee; and No. 2, ensure that States cannot waive essential health benefits for individuals with autism. I am offering this motion because in-dividuals with autism should not lose access to these critical health insur-ance benefits. The following Senator supports my motion to commit: B
OOKER . I ask unanimous consent that the full text of my motion to commit be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Menendez moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.066 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4290 July 26, 2017 
instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that States cannot waive essen-tial health benefits for individuals with au-tism. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Madam Presi-dent, I intend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unani-mous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Blumenthal moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that ensure that no tax cuts in the bill go to individuals making over $200,000 per year and married people filing joint tax returns making over $250,000 per year at the expense of funding for Medicaid. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Madam Presi-dent, I intend to offer the following motion, Conner’s amendment, to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Blumenthal moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions with instruc-tions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that States would not be able to submit waivers asking for the imposition of lifetime or annual out-of-pocket limits on insurance coverage, or the removal of any es-sential health benefits. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Madam Presi-dent, I intend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unani-mous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The motion is supported by Senator S
HAHEEN . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Blumenthal moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that there will be no Medicaid cuts in services provided to veterans. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Madam Presi-dent, I intend to offer the following motion, Sean and Frank’s amendment, to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous con-sent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Blumenthal moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that no individual who is en-rolled in Medicaid and has or is recovering from a substance use disorder will lose cov-erage or services. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Madam Presi-dent, I intend to offer the following motion, Justice’s amendment, to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Blumenthal moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions with instruc-tions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that mental health and sub-stance use disorder treatments and services are guaranteed as an essential health ben-efit. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Madam Presi-dent, I intend to offer the following motion, Gay’s amendment, to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Blumenthal moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that the bill will not increase the percentage of individuals in our Nation who do not have health insurance. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Madam Presi-dent, I intend off the following motion, Amelie, Amanda, and Evan’s amend-ment, to H.R. 1628, and I ask unani-mous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The motion is supported by Senator S
HAHEEN . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Blumenthal moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that no Medicaid beneficiary will lose coverage or health services due to provisions or cuts in this bill. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Madam Presi-dent, I intend to offer the following motion, Michelle’s amendment, to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Blumenthall moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions with instruc-tions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that no State may ask for a waiver allowing for the imposition of pre-ex-isting condition coverage limitations. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Madam Presi-dent, I intend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unani-mous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The motion is supported by Senators C
ARPER , BROWN , REED, KING, C
OONS , WARREN , STABENOW , FEINSTEIN , K
LOBUCHAR , M ARKEY , DURBIN , CASEY , F
RANKEN , S HAHEEN , C ARDIN , U DALL , V
ANHOLLEN , HIRONO , and M URRAY . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Blumenthal moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions with instruc-tions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that there will be no funding re-ductions for disease prevention efforts of public health, including funding for the Pre-vention and Public Health Fund established under section 4002 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 300u–11). 
Mr. BOOKER. Madam President, I in-tend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The motion is supported by Senators B
LUMENTHAL , D UCKWORTH , and V AN H
OLLEN . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Booker moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that consumers’ deductibles in the private health insurance market will not increase as a result of the enactment of the bill. 
Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I intend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The mo-tion is supported by Senators B
LUMENTHAL , CASEY , M ENENDEZ , SHA-
HEEN , and V ANHOLLEN . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Booker moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.076 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4291 July 26, 2017 
(2) would ensure that the bill does not dis-rupt access to long term services and sup-ports. 
Mr. BOOKER. Madam President, I in-tend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The motion is supported by Senators B
LUMENTHAL and V ANHOLLEN . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Booker moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance of the Sen-ate with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in ses-sion, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that individuals with household income between 350 percent and 400 percent of the poverty line do not lose Federal finan-cial assistance with the cost of health care. 
Mr. BOOKER. Madam President, I in-tend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The motion is supported by Senators B
LUMENTHAL , D UCKWORTH , M ARKEY , S
HAHEEN , and V ANHOLLEN . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Booker moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that there would be no reduction in access to the essential health benefits re-quired under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act, including for people with employer-sponsored health plans, as a result of the enactment of the bill. 
Mr. BOOKER. Madam President, I in-tend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The motion is supported by Senators S
TABENOW , BLUMENTHAL , M
ENENDEZ , SHAHEEN , and V ANHOLLEN . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Booker moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that our Nation’s maternal mor-bidity and mortality rates do not increase, and that disparities in maternal morbidity and mortality do not increase, as a result of the enactment of the bill. 
Mr. BOOKER. Madam President, I in-tend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Booker moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminates provisions of the bill that would increase health disparities among cer-tain populations, including disparities on the basis of race and ethnicity, socioeconomic status, gender, religion, disability status, ge-ographic location, and sexual identity and orientation. 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I in-tend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The motion is supported by Senators B
LUMENTHAL , COONS , and C ARPER . For years, Republicans painted a drastic, dire picture of the Affordable Care Act. Just this week, President Trump talked about the so-called for-gotten victims of the ACA. The ACA isn’t perfect—no law is—but to say it hasn’t been a landmark achievement for our Nation and for my State would be absolutely wrong. Our country’s uninsured rate is at the lowest level in our Nation’s his-tory. In Illinois, our uninsured rate has been cut in half. These insurance gains are thanks to the Affordable Care Act. Insurance companies can no longer deny someone coverage or charge them sky-high premiums because of a pre-existing condition, benefitting roughly 5 million Illinoisans. Insurance companies can no longer charge women more than men, drop someone from coverage when they get sick, charge seniors exorbitantly more than younger people for insurance, or refuse to cover important and essential health benefits. I think these consumer protections represent a step forward in healthcare for people nationwide, and I don’t be-lieve we should get rid of them. So my motion would instruct the Fi-nance Committee to report out a bill— within 3 days—that would let any State keep the ACA if they want. These Republican repeal proposals are cruel and dangerous. States ought to be able to keep the ACA if they want, including all the record coverage gains, consumer protections and bene-fits, and Federal funding for the Med-icaid expansion and tax credits. If Senator C
RUZ wants to rip away health insurance ‘‘root and branch’’ from his constituents, that is fine. But this motion protects any State who thinks we have made too much progress to turn back. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Durbin moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pension with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such Com-mittee; and (2) permit a State to continue to imple-ment the provisions of the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111-148), as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act, if the Governor of that State elects to continue such implementation, in-cluding provisions relating to health insur-ance coverage gains, consumer protections and benefits (including protections related to coverage of pre-existing conditions, essen-tial health benefits, and the premium levels that older enrollees may be charged relative to younger enrollees), and Federal funding provided under that Act (including levels of Medicaid funding for the Medicaid expansion population, Federal funding for tax credits, and cost sharing reduction subsidies). Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I in-tend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The motion is supported by Senators B
LUMENTHAL and C ARPER . Some of the strongest opponents to the secretive and devastating Repub-lican repeal effort are our hospitals, es-pecially our rural hospitals, critical ac-cess hospitals, and safety net hospitals in underserved urban communities. In particular, they warn us that the devastating cuts in Medicaid will dra-matically increase uncompensated care costs. The Illinois Hospital Association tells us that slashing Medicaid like these Republican repeal bills do will cost Illinois between 60,000 and 95,000 healthcare jobs. You see, not only are our rural hos-pitals critical lifelines for healthcare in their communities, they are often the best jobs in town; yet these drastic Medicaid cuts will increase uncompen-sated care costs by billions, forcing cutbacks in services, staff, and expan-sion. So my motion would instruct the Fi-nance Committee to report out a bill— within 3 days—that would protect funding for these hospitals and prohibit increases in uncompensated care costs for these critical facilities. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Durbin moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pension with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such Com-mittee; and (2) would prohibit increases in uncompen-sated costs or reductions in funding for rural hospitals, hospitals in underserved areas, or critical access hospitals. 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I in-tend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The motion is supported by Senators B
LUMENTHAL and C ARPER . Medicaid covers one in two births in Illinois. It helps pay for two out of every three seniors in nursing homes, and it is the largest payor of opioid and substance abuse treatment. But guess what else Medicaid does? It helps 45 percent of school districts pro-vide medical and therapy services for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.077 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4292 July 26, 2017 
lower-income kids and those with spe-cial needs. That is right, Illinois schools cur-rently receive about $144 million in Medicaid funding each year. They use this money to provide den-tal screenings, therapy services for kids with disabilities, to purchase handicap equipment, and employing trained staff. What would happen to kids nation-wide if the $4 billion in Medicaid fund-ing for schools went away? My motion would to commit would instruct the Finance Committee to re-port out a bill—within 3 days—that would protect funding for schools and students and says, if you want to slash Medicaid, it won’t be on the backs of our kids. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. DURBIN moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensures no reduction in Medicaid fund-ing for items or services provided in, or under arrangements with, any kindergarten through grade 12 elementary school in the Nation. 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I in-tend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The motion is supported by Senators B
LUMENTHAL and C ARPER . When thinking about Medicaid, we often talk about low-income children or pregnant women. But do you know the most expensive part of Medicaid? It is providing long-term care for your grandmother, your grandfather— at home or in the nursing home. When Social Security and Medicare aren’t enough, Medicaid steps in to care for millions of seniors over age 65. Medicaid helps pay for two out of three seniors currently in nursing homes. These Republican proposals to slash Medicaid are so devastating that the American Association of Retired Per-sons, AARP, has come out in loud op-position to all the repeal bills. My motion to commit would instruct the Finance Committee to report out a bill—within 3 days—that protects the millions of seniors who rely on Med-icaid for their care and says, if you want to slash Medicaid, it will not be on the backs of our vulnerable seniors. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Durbin moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensures no seniors on Medicaid lose ben-efits, have reduced provider payments for services furnished to them, or have any in-crease in out-of-pocket costs. Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I in-tend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The motion is supported by Senator B
LUMENTHAL . Over the past few months, I have met with many heroes in the disability community, including a woman in Illi-nois who has a 23-year-old son with au-tism. She told me that Medicaid allows her son to be at home and function independently. She told me that, without Medicaid, her son would have to be in a facility she couldn’t afford. You know what else all of these advo-cates and fighters tell me? They tell me that the Republican healthcare re-peal proposals—all of which decimate the Medicaid Program in order to give tax breaks to the wealthy—would be devastating for people with disabil-ities. Medicaid is a lifeline for 11 million people with disabilities. It is the core of our commitment to care for them, and it helps us meet our basic obliga-tions as a society. That is why my motion to commit would instruct the Finance Committee to report out a bill—within 3 days— that protects children and adults on Medicaid with disabilities from in-creased costs and fewer benefits. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Durbin moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensures no individuals with disabilities on Medicaid lose benefits, have reduced pro-vider payments for services furnished to them, or have any increase in out-of-pocket costs. 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I in-tend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The motion is supported by Senator B
LUMENTHAL . Under the ACA, our Nation has seen the largest decline in the child unin-sured rate, and in Illinois, we have seen a 40 percent drop. Today more than 95 percent of kids in our country are in-sured. Half of all children born in Illinois are covered by Medicaid. That means they are guaranteed quality, comprehensive health cov-erage, from vaccinations and vision checks, to dental health, mental health, and lead poisoning screenings. Medicaid serves low-income children in schools, and I have visited many school-based health clinics that pro-vide critical access and services for our kids. But every single Republican healthcare repeal proposal would slash Medicaid for our most vulnerable kids, jeopardizing the services they receive and their ability to access care. That is why my motion to commit would instruct the Finance Committee to report out a bill—within 3 days— that protects our kids and tells Repub-licans they will not be a bargaining chip in this cruel repeal effort. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the RECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Durbin moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensures no children on Medicaid lose benefits, have reduced provider payments for services furnished to them, or have any in-crease in out-of-pocket costs. 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I in-tend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The motion is supported by Senators B
LUMENTHAL and C ARPER . Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, Medicare is now financially stable for an additional 11 years. Because of the healthcare reforms that improve the delivery of healthcare, seniors are now paying $700 less annually in premiums and cost- sharing. The ACA is also closing the dreaded Medicare ‘‘donut hole’’—the gap where seniors were faced with high costs for their drugs—saving 11 million seniors an average for $2,127 each year on their medications. But Republicans want to jeopardize this progress. Instead of strengthening Medicare for the long run, many of the Republican repeal bills would give a huge tax give-away to wealthy Americans—cutting years off Medicare’s solvency. That is why my motion to commit would instruct the Finance Committee to report out a bill—within 3 days— that does not shorten Medicare’s sol-vency. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Durbin moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that the bill will not shorten the solvency of the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund under section 1817 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395i). 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I in-tend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed the R
ECORD . When Republicans talk about the challenges facing Obamacare, they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:44 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.083 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4293 July 26, 2017 
tend to be a bit misleading. Let’s set the record straight. What they are really talking about is within the individual market, where 6 percent of Americans get their cov-erage and more than 70 percent of those people get subsidies to help cover their costs. One problem Republicans like to cite is lack of competition, that private, for-profit insurers are pulling out, leav-ing few choices. We call these ‘‘bare counties,’’ and they are more common in rural areas and in States that did not expand Med-icaid. I agree that we need more competi-tion in the individual market. As a solution, my motion to commit instructs the Finance Committee— within 3 days—to report out a bill that requires insurers offering Medicare Ad-vantage plans in a particular county, to also offer an individual market plan in that county. Medicare Advantage insurance plans make huge profits off the Federal Gov-ernment, yet many of those same in-surers are refusing to participate in the individual exchange. To address bare counties, my motion says that, if you have a provider net-work and you are making money off the Federal Government, then you should also help improve choice by of-fering a plan in the exchange. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Durbin moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) require each insurer who offers a Medi-care Advantage plan under part C of the Medicare program in a specific county to also offer health insurance coverage through the individual market in that county. 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I in-tend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The motion is supported by Senator B
LUMENTHAL . All of these Republican repeal bills shift costs onto consumers, patients, hospitals, and State budgets. None of them do anything to actually address what is driving the increase in healthcare costs. And one of those big-gest drivers? Pharmaceutical costs— Blue Cross of Illinois tells me they spend more on prescription drugs than inpatient hospital care. So what can we do to address pre-scription drugs? Listen to the Amer-ican Medical Association, which called for a ban on direct-to-consumer phar-maceutical advertising. According to the AMA, these ads are, ‘‘driving demand for expensive treat-ments despite the clinical effectiveness of less costly alternatives.’’ In short, pharma advertises their drugs because they know you will tell your doctor you need it—driving up the cost—re-gardless of whether it’s right for you. That is why they spend billions on it. But the moment of truth on when pa-tients find out about the cost is when they are checking out at the phar-macy. That is wrong. So my motion to commit would in-struct the Finance Committee—within 3 days—to report out a bill that helps lower the cost of healthcare by tack-ling the driving cost of prescription drugs, requiring pharmaceutical com-panies to disclose the price of their drug in their ads. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the RECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Durbin moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pension with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such Com-mittee; and (2) would require pharmaceutical compa-nies to disclose the price of their drug to doctors as part of their educational out-reach, or to patients through direct-to-con-sumer advertising. 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I in-tend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The motion is supported by Senator B
LUMENTHAL . All of these Republican repeal bills shift costs onto consumers, patients, hospitals, and state budgets. None of them do anything to actually address what is driving the increase in healthcare costs. And one of those big-gest drivers? Pharmaceutical costs— Blue Cross of Illinois tells me they spend more on prescription drugs than inpatient hospital care. So what can we do to address pre-scription drugs? Have Medicare nego-tiate drug prices on behalf of seniors. Even the President says he supports this policy. Medicaid can negotiate drug costs, the Veterans Administration can nego-tiate drug costs, why shouldn’t Medi-care be able to leverage its 50 million beneficiaries to get a better deal? This motion is simple; it is some-thing the President has talked about, something the American people sup-port. This motion to commit would in-struct the Finance Committee—within 3 days—to report out a bill that would require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to begin negotiating drug prices on behalf of seniors in Medicare. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Durbin moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to, beginning not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act, negotiate the price of drugs covered by the Medicare program on behalf of Medicare beneficiaries. Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I in-tend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The motion is supported by Senator D
UCKWORTH . The process Republicans have under-taken to repeal our healthcare law has been secretive, wrong, and undemo-cratic. At first, it was 13 chosen apostles— all men—meeting in secret to craft their repeal measure. At this moment, I don’t know who is hiding in the shadows writing their re-peal measure. But what I do know is that there have been no hearings, no opportunity for public input, and no opportunity for myself and Senator D
UCKWORTH —as representatives of Illinois—to offer input. If myself and Senator D
UCKWORTH  have been locked out of the process from the beginning, why then should our constituents have to pay the price for this partisan Republican effort? So our motion is simple. It says that this Republican repeal bill cannot un-fairly impose hardships on our Illinois constituents. It cannot increase costs on my constituents, cut services or benefits or eligibility for my constitu-ents, eliminate essential health bene-fits for my constituents, or impose life-time limits or discriminate against my constituents with preexisting condi-tions. If Senator C
RUZwho has been allowed to have input on this repeal bill—wants to rip away health insurance ‘‘root and branch’’from his constituents, that is fine. But this motion protects my con-stituents in Illinois. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Durbin moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pension with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such Com-mittee; (2) prohibit increases in health insurance premiums or out-of-pocket health care costs for residents of Illinois; (3) prohibit reductions in eligibility or services, or any increases in cost-sharing (in-cluding premiums and co-payments) related to the eligibility of residents of Illinois to participate in the Medicaid program; (4) prohibit health insurance issuers from imposing annual or lifetime limits on resi-dents of Illinois; (5) prohibit health insurance issuers from charging residents of Illinois who have pre- existing conditions more than the amount charged to healthy residents; or (6) prohibit health insurance issuers from stopping coverage of any essential health 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:44 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.081 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4294 July 26, 2017 
benefits provided under section 1302 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18022). 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I in-tend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The Commonwealth of Kentucky has benefitted immensely from the Afford-able Care Act. Its uninsured rate has fallen 61 per-cent, one of the sharpest declines of any State. Kentucky chose to expand Medicaid, allowing 150,000 people to gain cov-erage. More than 1.4 million Kentuckians are no longer subjected to lifetime or annual caps on their benefits. Kentucky, sadly, has been one of the States hardest hit by the opioid epi-demic. Thanks to the ACA, substance abuse treatment has increased 740 per-cent among Kentucky residents on Medicaid. Today, 881,000 Kentuckians—33 per-cent of adults—have a preexisting con-dition that, before Obamacare, could have left them uninsurable. So to ensure the health cand well- being of the residents of my neigh-boring State, Kentucky, this amend-ment says you cannot increase costs; cut services, benefits, or eligibility; eliminate essential health benefits; or impose lifetime limits or discriminate against Kentuckians with preexisting conditions. If the Senators representing the Commonwealth want to rip away health insurance from their constitu-ents, undermine protections for Ken-tuckians with preexisting conditions, and raise costs on older Kentuckians, well, count this neighboring Senator in to fight on their behalf. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Durbin moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pension with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such Com-mittee; (2) prohibit increases in health insurance premiums or out-of-pocket health care costs for residents of Kentucky; (3) prohibit reductions in eligibility or services, or any increases in cost-sharing (in-cluding premiums and co-payments) related to the eligibility of residents of Kentucky to participate in the Medicaid program; (4) prohibit health insurance issuers from imposing annual or lifetime limits on resi-dents of Kentucky; (5) prohibit health insurance issuers from charging residents of Kentucky who have pre-existing conditions more than the amount charged to healthy residents; or (6) prohibit health insurance issuers from stopping coverage of any essential health benefits provided under section 1302 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18022). 
Ms. STABENOW. Madam President, I intend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the RECORD . The motion is supported by Senators C
ARDIN , M URPHY , D URBIN , B ALDWIN , B
LUMENTHAL , B ROWN , C OONS , D
UCKWORTH , F EINSTEIN , F RANKEN , H
EINRICH , KLOBUCHAR , MARKEY , MENEN -
DEZ, NELSON , PETERS , SHAHEEN , VAN H
OLLEN , and W ARREN . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Stabenow moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that no American will face re-duced access to mental health care and serv-ices, and that the bill will not reduce the number of individuals with mental illness enrolled in health insurance coverage. 
Ms. STABENOW. Madam President, I intend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The motion is supported by Senators B
OOK-
ER, B ALDWIN , B LUMENTHAL , B ROWN , C
ARPER , C ASEY , C OONS , F EINSTEIN , G
ILLIBRAND , HASSAN , HIRONO , MARKEY , M
ENENDEZ , PETERS , SHAHEEN , VANHOL-
LEN, and W ARREN . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Stabenow moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions with instruc-tions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that the bill would not reduce the percentage or number of health plans that cover pregnancy, maternity, and new-born care, and would not increase out-of- pocket costs for such care. 
Ms. STABENOW. Madam President, I intend to offer the following motions to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous con-sent that they be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Stabenow moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) lower the cost of prescription drugs, in-cluding costs for families with private health insurance coverage and seniors enrolled in the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.). M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Stabenow moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) establishes a refundable tax credit for out-of-pocket health care costs for which a deduction is otherwise allowed under current law. MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Stabenow moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate within 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) reinstates, increases, and simplifies the small employer health insurance tax credit. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Stabenow moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) increase competition in the individual health insurance market in order to reduce premium costs and out-of-pocket expenses. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Stabenow moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that no American loses coverage of the essential health benefits under section 1302(b) of the Patient Protection and Afford-able Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18022(b)), including ambulatory patient services, emergency services, hospitalization, maternity and new-born care, mental health and substance use disorder services, prescription drugs, reha-bilitative and habilitative services, labora-tory services, preventive and wellness serv-ices and chronic disease management, and pediatric services. 
Ms. HASSAN. Madam President, I in-tend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The motion is supported by Senators C
ASEY , B ALDWIN , B ROWN , B OOKER , F
RANKEN , K AINE, S TABENOW , D
UCKWORTH , L EAHY , C OONS , B
LUMENTHAL , DURBIN , WARREN , WYDEN , P
ETERS , W ARNER , K ING, M ARKEY , C
ARDIN , M ENENDEZ , N ELSON , R EED, U
DALL , CARPER , BENNET , HIRONO , CANT-
WELL , HEINRICH , and V ANHOLLEN . I would like to take a moment to thank my colleagues for their support. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Ms. Hassan moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that no provision in the bill would reduce or eliminate the amount, dura-tion, or scope of Medicaid services available in schools under current law. 
Mr. MARKEY. Madam President, I intend to offer the following motion to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.084 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4295 July 26, 2017 
H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The motion is supported by Senators W
AR-
NER, B ROWN , C ARPER , R EED, B
LUMENTHAL , W ARREN , K ING, K LO-
BUCHAR , MENENDEZ , and V ANHOLLEN . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Markey moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that nothing in the bill would in-crease costs or decrease benefits for any indi-vidual with Alzheimer’s disease or another dementia, including provisions that would reduce long term care coverage under the Medicaid program for Americans with Alz-heimer’s disease. 
Mr. MARKEY. Madam President, I intend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The motion is supported by Senators M
ANCHIN , W HITEHOUSE , B ROWN , B
LUMENTHAL , W ARREN , KING, NELSON , W
ARNER , and V ANHOLLEN . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Markey moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that nothing in the bill would in-crease out-of-pocket costs or reduce access to treatment, including medication-assisted treatment for Americans suffering from sub-stance use disorders, including those with an opioid use disorder. 
Mr. MARKEY. Madam President, I intend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The motion is supported by Senators C
AR-
PER, WARREN , CASEY , BROWN , HIRONO , S
TABENOW , M ENENDEZ , and V ANHOL-
LEN. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Markey moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that nothing in the bill would in-crease the amount of uncompensated care provided by hospitals. 
Mr. BENNET. Madam President, I in-tend to offer the following motions to H.R. 1628, and I ask unanimous consent that they be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Bennet moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that the health insurance cov-erage made available to Members of Con-gress shall not be more generous than the coverage available to Medicaid enrollees who are subject to the per capita cap under sec-tion 1903A of the Social Security Act, as added by the bill. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Bennet moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance of the Sen-ate with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in ses-sion, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) strike the repeal of the tax on excessive remuneration of health insurers, and direct the savings from not repealing such tax to funding for treatment of opioid addiction. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Bennet moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) would ensure that, if the annual number of deaths due to opioid overdoses increases in any one of the 50 States or the District of Co-lumbia in any year after the date of enact-ment, sections 126 (relating to the repeal of the Medicaid expansion) and 133 (relating to the per capita caps on Federal Medicaid spending) shall be repealed and the provi-sions of title XIX of the Social Security Act affected by such sections shall be restored as if such sections had not been enacted. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Bennet moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pension with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such Com-mittee; and (2) would reinstate funding for risk cor-ridors in order to increase health plan choices and affordability and to prevent the further collapse of cooperatives. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Bennet moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that the bill will not result in in-creased uncompensated care payments to hospitals under the Medicare program in order to protect the solvency of such pro-gram. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Bennet moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such Com-mittee; and (2) provide that if the Secretary of Health and Human Services determines that uncom-pensated care at rural hospitals (defined as low-volume or critical access hospitals) has increased as a result of the implementation of this Act, then this Act shall be repealed and those provisions of law that were amend-ed or repealed by this Act (including provi-sions of the Patient Protection and Afford-able Care Act (Public Law 111-148), the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986, and the Social Se-curity Act) shall be restored or revived as if this Act had not been enacted. MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Bennet moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pension with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such Com-mittee; and (2) provide that if the United States Census Bureau determines in its 2018 Health Insur-ance Coverage in the United States report that at least 2,000,000 individuals have lost their health insurance coverage, as compared to the 2016 Health Insurance Coverage in the United States report, as a result of the im-plementation of this Act, then this Act shall be repealed and those provisions of law that were amended or repealed by this Act (in-cluding provisions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111-148), the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and the Social Security Act) shall be restored or re-vived as if this Act had not been enacted. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Bennet moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) would protect all children who are cur-rently eligible for Medicaid. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Bennet moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; (2) would exempt any group of individuals that is eligible for Medicaid under current law, including children, adults with disabil-ities, pregnant women, seniors, those who need access to opioid addiction treatment, adults in school, and caretakers, from the Medicaid per capita caps; and (3) would establish under title XIX of the Social Security Act a $10,000,000 fund to eliminate waste, fraud, and abuse in State Medicaid programs. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Bennet moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such Com-mittee; and (2) would strike section 207 of the bill and prohibit States from waiving essential health benefits. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Bennet moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:44 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.086 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4296 July 26, 2017 
not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such Com-mittee; and (2) would strike section 205 of the bill and prohibit States from changing the medical loss ratio. 
Mr. MANCHIN. Madam Pesident, I intend to offer the following motion to commit that would send H.R. 1628 to the Finance Committee with instruc-tions to eliminate any provision that would hurt the clinics serving miners with Black Lung by increasing the number of uninsured individuals. I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The motion is supported by Senators M
ANCHIN , BROWN , WARNER , K
AINE, and C OONS . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Manchin moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions with instruc-tions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) would eliminate any provision that would weaken the financial viability of the Black Lung Clinics serving coal miners with pneumoconiosis, including any provision that would cause an increase in the rate of uninsured individuals in the communities served by those clinics. 
Mr. MANCHIN. Madam President, I intend to offer the following motion to commit that would send H.R. 1628 to the Finance Committee to include pro-visions of S. 523, as introduced in the Senate on March 2, 2017, the Budgeting for Opioid Addiction Treatment Act, commonly referred to as the LifeBOAT Act. This amendment would increase funding for substance use disorder treatment by establishing a 1-cent fee on every milligram of an opioid medi-cation. It would exempt medication as-sisted treatment and include a rebate for cancer and hospice patients. I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The motion is supported by Senators M
ANCHIN , MURPHY , WHITE-
HOUSE , K ING, K LOBUCHAR , N ELSON , H
EITKAMP , S HAHEEN , B ALDWIN , and B
LUMENTHAL . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Manchin moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; (2) include the provisions of S. 523, as in-troduced in the Senate on March 2, 2017, the Budgeting for Opioid Addiction Treatment Act (commonly referred to as the ‘‘LifeBOAT Act’’); and (3) offsets any increased spending that re-sults from such changes. 
Mr. MANCHIN. Madam President, I intend to offer the following motion to commit that would send H.R. 1628 to the Finance Committee with instruc-tions to include provisions that would improve health literacy and access to wellness programs and provisions to encourage State and local governments to educate their constituents about healthy choices. I ask unanimous con-sent that it be printed in the RECORD . The motion is supported by Senator B
LUMENTHAL . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Manchin moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) would— (A) improve health literacy and access to wellness programs, including through Med-icaid managed care and health insurance plans that offer education and wellness in-centives; and (B) encourage State and local health offi-cials to expand health literacy and wellness programs, particularly among the newly in-sured. 
Mr. REED. Madam President, I in-tend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1628 and ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . I move to commit the bill, H.R. 1628, to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in ses-sion, with changes that, No. 1, are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and No. 2, ensure that no senior will lose access to long-term care serv-ice including nursing home care and home and community-based care under the Medicaid Program. Medicaid is the largest payer of nursing home care, with 900,000 individuals across the country and 4,756 individuals in Rhode Island who reside in nursing homes having their care paid for by Medicaid. This bill would decimate Medicaid, harming seniors and their families. This motion is supported by Senators B
LUMENTHAL and S HAHEEN . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS
Mr. Reed moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that no senior will lose access to long term care services (including nursing home care and home and community-based care) under the Medicaid program. 
Mr. REED. Madam President, I have a motion to commit the bill, H.R. 1628, to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in ses-sion, with changes that, No. 1, are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and No. 2, ensure that any cuts to Medicaid shall cease to apply in States with fewer than 26 weeks of un-employment insurance under State law and shall be reversed in States with in-creased unemployment in a quarter and include a study on available job op-portunities for those most likely to lose health insurance coverage in the next 10 years as a result of the bill. Like most of the country, Rhode Island was hit hard by the recession, and Med-icaid provided a critical safety net. Medicaid can adapt to cover those who have lost their jobs or are facing other economic hardships, saving families from having to choose whether to take their kids to the doctor or put food on the table. Under this bill, States will be unable to expand coverage during a recession to those in need and will like-ly be forced to make devastating across the board cuts. I ask unanimous consent that the motion be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Reed moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Finance of the Sen-ate with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in ses-sion, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) ensure that any cuts to Medicaid shall cease to apply in States with fewer than 26 weeks of unemployment insurance under State law and shall be reversed in States with increased unemployment in a quarter, and include a study on available job opportu-nities for those most likely to lose health in-surance coverage in the next ten years as a result of the bill. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Madam President, with the support of Senators G
ILLI-
BRAND , BLUMENTHAL , SHAHEEN , STABE -
NOW, HIRONO , BALDWIN , CORTEZ MASTO , H
ASSAN , VANHOLLEN , LEAHY , W HITE-
HOUSE , BROWN , HARRIS , FRANKEN , FEIN-
STEIN , UDALL , KAINE, COONS , CANTWELL , M
ENENDEZ , REED, DUCKWORTH , DURBIN , W
ARREN , B OOKER , B ALDWIN , CARPER , N
ELSON , HEINRICH , and K LOBUCHAR , I intend to make a motion to commit H.R. 1628, the American Health Care Act, to the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions for further consideration to en-sure that it does not endanger the health of women. This closed-door, fast-track process is no way to make decisions that affect the health of every single woman in this country. It is imperative that we fix this legisla-tion in an open, regular-order com-mittee process. I ask unanimous consent that the motion be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mrs. Murray moves to commit the bill H.R. 1628 to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.087 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4297 July 26, 2017 
not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that make it hard-er for women to access health care, by— (A) preventing women from accessing care through trusted health care providers; (B) allowing or requiring insurance compa-nies to offer plans that do not fully cover women’s health care needs; (C) charging women more for coverage; or (D) ripping away women’s access to the coverage they receive today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. ENZI. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
BUDGETARY REVISIONS Mr. ENZI. Madam President, section 3001 of S. Con. Res. 3, the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017, allows the chairman of the Senate Budget Committee to revise the alloca-tions, aggregates and levels in the budget resolution for legislation re-lated to healthcare reform. The author-ity to adjust is contingent on the legis-lation not increasing the deficit over the period of the total of fiscal years 2017 to 2026. I find that amendment No. 271 fulfills the conditions of deficit neutrality found in sec. 3001 of S. Con. Res. 3. Ac-cordingly, I am revising the allocations to the Committee on Finance, the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, HELP and the budgetary aggregates to account for the budget effects of the amendment. I am also adjusting the unassigned to committee savings levels in the budget resolution to reflect that while there are savings in the amendment attrib-utable to both the HELP and Finance committees, the Congressional Budget Office and Joint Committee on Tax-ation are unable to produce unique es-timates for each provision due to inter-actions and other effects that are esti-mated simultaneously. This adjustment supersedes the ad-justment I previously made for the processing of S. Amdt. 267. This adjust-ment applies while this amendment is under consideration. Should the amendment be withdrawn, fail, or lose its pending status, this adjustment will be null and void and the adjustment for amendment No. 267 shall remain ac-tive. I ask unanimous consent that the ac-companying tables, which provide de-tails about the adjustment, be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: BUDGET AGGREGATES BUDGET AUTHORITY AND OUTLAYS 
(Pursuant to Section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Sec-tion 3001 of S. Con. Res. 3, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2017) $ in millions 2017 
Current Aggregates: Spending: Budget Authority ........................................... 3,329,289 Outlays .......................................................... 3,268,171 Adjustments: Spending: Budget Authority ........................................... ¥4,100 Outlays .......................................................... ¥4,500 Revised Aggregates: Spending: Budget Authority ........................................... 3,325,189 Outlays .......................................................... 3,263,671 
BUDGET AGGREGATE REVENUES 
(Pursuant to Section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Section 3001 of S. Con. Res. 3, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2017) $ in millions 2017 2017–2021 2017–2026 
Current Aggregates: Revenue ........................................................................................................................ ................................................................................................................. 2,682,088 14,4 98,573 32,351,660 Adjustments: Revenue ........................................................................................................................ ................................................................................................................. ¥6,200 ¥305,300 ¥891,500 Revised Aggregates: Revenue ........................................................................................................................ ................................................................................................................. 2,675,888 14,1 93,273 31,460,160 
REVISION TO ALLOCATION TO THE COMMITTEE ON FINANCE 
(Pursuant to Section 302 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Section 3001 of S. Con. Res. 3, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2017) $ in millions 2017 2017–2021 2017–2026 
Current Allocation: Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 2,277,203 13,101,02 2 31,274,627 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................. 2,262,047 13, 073,093 31,233,186 Adjustments: Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ ¥200 ¥1,000 13,600 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................. ¥200 ¥1,000 13,600 Revised Allocation: Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 2,277,003 13,100,02 2 31,288,227 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................. 2,261,847 13, 072,093 31,246,786 
REVISION TO ALLOCATION TO THE COMMITTEE ON HEALTH, EDUCATION, LABOR, AND PENSIONS 
(Pursuant to Section 302 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Section 3001 of S. Con. Res. 3, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2017) $ in millions 2017 2017–2021 2017–2026 
Current Allocation: Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 17,204 90,282 176,8 93 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................. 15,841 89,820  183,421 Adjustments: Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 400 ¥1,000 ¥9,200 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................. 0 500 ¥6,000 Revised Allocation: Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 17,604 89,282 167,6 93 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................. 15,841 90,320  177,421 
REVISION TO ALLOCATION TO THE UNASSIGNED COMMITTEE 
(Pursuant to Section 302 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Section 3001 of S. Con. Res. 3, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2017) $ in millions 2017 2017–2021 2017–2026 
Current Allocation: Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ ¥844,671 ¥4,649,869 ¥10,724,965 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................. ¥835,437 ¥4,608,689 ¥10,648,885 Adjustments: Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ ¥4,300 ¥364,900 ¥1,432,100 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................. ¥4,300 ¥364,900 ¥1,432,100 Revised Allocation: Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ ¥848,971 ¥5,014,769 ¥12,157,065 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................. ¥839,737 ¥4,973,589 ¥12,080,985 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.085 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4298 July 26, 2017 
HONORING CHIEF EDWARD SWITALSKI Mr. PETERS. Madam President, today, I wish to honor the 38-year pub-lic service career of Comstock, MI, fire chief Edward Switalski. Known for his bravery and devotion to his family and community, Chief Switalski was killed in the line of duty on June 14, 2017, having been struck and killed by a mo-torist on Interstate 94 in Kalamazoo County, as he was responding to a pre-vious car crash at that site. He is sur-vived by his wife, Holly, and two daughters, Alison and Emily. Chief Switalski’s dream of becoming a firefighter arrived early. As a child, he volunteered to clean equipment and perform other tasks for his local fire department. His career began as a part- time paramedic at Pleasantview Fire District in Illinois in 1982; while there, he rose to become battalion chief be-fore retiring after 32 years of service and moving to Michigan to be closer to his daughters. While in Illinois, Chief Switalski won numerous awards and citations, includ-ing one for running into the basement of a burning building in an attempt to rescue one of his colleagues. The chief was also a compassionate volunteer who traveled to New Orleans to help re-build the community in the wake of the devastating Hurricane Katrina. After his relocation to Michigan, Switalski became the chief of the Com-stock, MI, fire department in 2013. Chief Switalski quickly became known as a visionary leader who would often pick up open firefighting shifts in his small department. Active in the com-munity, the chief was involved in nu-merous organizations and was a mem-ber of Zion Lutheran Church in Kala-mazoo. Colleagues have paid numerous trib-utes to Chief Switalski. A former chief of his remarked he ‘‘did not know any-one who enjoyed being a firefighter more than he did.’’ The public safety chaplain of a neighboring fire depart-ment said that, on June 14, ‘‘we lost a great man on Earth that day, but we gained one in heaven.’’ The leader of a local ambulance service called Chief Switalski ‘‘an extraordinary man who had a deep compassion for his family and the communities that he served. He was a man of integrity, who be-lieved in doing the right thing.’’ It was entirely appropriate that United States and State of Michigan flags flew at half-staff on all State buildings on the day of the chief’s fu-neral. Chief Switalski was a brave and self-less public servant who was taken from our world much too soon. The tremen-dous outpouring of support dem-onstrated at his funeral service is a re-minder of the risks undertaken every day by our first responders and the gratitude the public has for their vital work. TRIBUTE TO LOU D’ALLESANDRO Ms. HASSAN. Madam President, today I wish to recognize Senator Lou D’Allesandro and congratulate him on his 20 years of service in the New Hampshire Senate and to honor his ex-traordinary career of public service to the State of New Hampshire. Senator D’Allesandro is serving his 10th term in the New Hampshire Sen-ate representing Manchester and pre-viously served three terms on the New Hampshire Executive Council and two terms in the New Hampshire House of Representatives. Serving with distinc-tion, he has always sought to best rep-resent his constituents and is well known in New Hampshire for his lead-ership, his willingness to work con-structively to better the Granite State, and for the responsiveness and care he has shown throughout his years in pub-lic service. In addition to his many legislative achievements, Senator D’Allesandro served our country honorably in uni-form in the U.S. Marine Corps and is an accomplished educator. Senator D’Allesandro was instrumental in get-ting NCAA status for SNHU and has re-mained extremely involved in New Hampshire education, having served as chairman of the New England Board of Higher Education. Appointed the first basketball coach in Southern New Hampshire University history in 1963, Senator D’Allesandro led the SNHU Penmen to three straight titles and compiled a record of 114–40 in 7 years of coaching collegiate athletics. He holds honorary doctorates from Franklin Pierce University, Daniel Webster Col-lege, and the New Hampshire Institute of Art, as well as degrees from the Uni-versity of New Hampshire, Rivier Uni-versity, New England College, and the New Hampshire Institute of Art. He is a member of the National Football Foundation and College Hall of Fame, Inc., and is a director of the New Hampshire Hockey Hall of Fame. As one may gather, Senator D’Allesandro is passionate about bettering the lives of New Hampshire’s young people through education, and I sincerely thank him for his years sup-porting, in so many ways, our colleges and universities. I also thank his won-derful wife, Pat, who has stood by Lou’s side and, in doing so, has also served the people of New Hampshire. I am honored to call Lou D’Allesandro a friend, and as Senator for New Hamp-shire, I join my voice with the voices of so many other Granite Staters to ex-press gratitude to Senator D’Allesandro for his extraordinary commitment to public service, his self-less contributions to higher education, and the positive impact he has made on the State of New Hampshire. Of course, I join all Granite Staters in wishing Lou a great American day. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOHN MICHELS Mr. WYDEN. Madam President, Team Wyden will shortly lose one of its stalwarts, but before John Michels of my Portland office takes his well-de-served retirement after two decades of service to the people of Oregon, I want to take just a few minutes to recognize his many, many contributions. John joined my office in the late 1990s through a work-study program run by the Department of Veterans Af-fairs. He had previously worked in con-struction, and he served as a jet engine mechanic in the U.S. Navy before com-ing to my office, so suffice it to say that he was no stranger to long hours and tough assignments. As a member of Team Wyden, John put his shoulder to the wheel to help other veterans when backlogs, bureauc-racy, or red tape held up the care or the recognition they had earned. In his years of service, John has managed thousands of cases for Oregon constitu-ents struggling with one Federal agen-cy or another. John has also always been a practical soul and has a passion for tinkering and fixing things. He brought these skills to bear as our resident IT expert and computer whisperer in Oregon. Anybody who has worked in the gov-ernment can tell you it can be tough. The pace can be grueling, the cynicism can be frustrating, and the bureauc-racy can be maddening, but as John will attest, there are few more reward-ing experiences than helping a veteran receive overdue recognition or bringing a new VA facility to a rural commu-nity or ensuring seniors and people with disabilities receive the Social Se-curity benefits they so richly deserve. John is not the type of person to trumpet his service from the rooftops, but he has an enormous heart and a passion for public service. The bottom line is that John has found ways to help me help countless people across Oregon. Now, as John knows, we never really let anybody leave Team Wyden, so I am sure we will still call upon his wealth of knowledge and experience. In the meantime, I want to thank him for all the help he has provided over these past two decades. I have been fortunate to have him on my team, and we will all miss him greatly. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
SESQUICENTENNIAL CELEBRATION OF CHEYENNE, WYOMING ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Madam President, I want to take a moment to commemo-rate the sesquicentennial of the city of Cheyenne, WY. The city of Cheyenne is an irreplace-able catalyst in Wyoming’s birth and development. Christened on July 4, 1867, Cheyenne was named after the Cheyenne Tribe found in the Dakota territory. As the population jumped from 400 to 3,000 and beyond, Cheyenne earned nickname ‘‘The Magic City of the Plains’’ in reference to how it seemingly sprouted overnight and kept 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.071 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4299 July 26, 2017 
on growing. This unfettered momen-tum showed enough potential that in 1886, 4 years before Wyoming became the 44th State, the construction of a State capitol was approved in Chey-enne. Among these barren plains, a wellspring of prosperity and oppor-tunity was found for the independent, brave folks who were willing to work hard to build it. In that, Cheyenne’s legacy perfectly captures Wyoming’s spirit. Cheyenne, WY, is a railroad town through and through. General Grenville Dodge, chief engineer for the Union Pacific Railroad, selected this dusty spot as a connecting point in the Nation’s first transcontinental rail-road. Thousands of men and their fami-lies came here to lay track up the Gangplank, the unique geography that allows a gradual grading from the plains to the Laramie Mountains. Sup-ply stores, banks, and dentists all sprang up in their wake to accommo-date the booming town. Now, Inter-state 80 runs alongside the Gangplank from Cheyenne to Laramie, where the climb from the plains to the mountains continues today. On March 3, 2006, the Cheyenne Train Depot become a na-tional historic landmark, solidifying the railroads irremovable stitching in the fabric of Cheyenne, WY, and the rest of the Nation. During Cheyenne’s first fragile years, soldiers were stationed at Fort D.A. Russell to protect the railroad. The base was established on the same day as the city, and construction began in October 1867. It later became the F.E. Warren Air Force base that continues to be crucial to Cheyenne today. The base was expected to last 6 months, then to dry up along with the town itself as folks followed the train tracks to find more work. However, Cheyenne endured—and the base along with it. It became a permanent Army installation in 1884, and soon ramshackle wood housings were replaced with brick buildings. In 1930, it was renamed F.E. Warren Base by President Herbert Hoo-ver to honor Wyoming’s first Governor, Francis Emroy Warren. It was offi-cially renamed F.E. Warren Air Force Base in 1949, making it the oldest con-tinually active base in the Air Force system. The base is currently respon-sible for 15 missile alert facilities and 150 Minute Man III missiles and is known throughout Wyoming as a fix-ture in the Cheyenne community. The F.E. Warren Base and some 4,000 per-sonnel on site continue to be a mas-sively positive presence in the Chey-enne neighborhood, especially at Chey-enne Frontier Days. As with the F.E. Warren Air Force Base, there would be no Cheyenne without Cheyenne Frontier Days. The first frontier day took place on Sep-tember 13, 1897, kicked off with a pa-rade led by Buffalo Bill Cody. This event started as the brainchild of pas-senger agent Frank Angier, hired by railroad officials to increase the num-ber of passengers. This was following the devastation of the prosperous cat-tle trade by the blizzards of 1886 to 1887, which killed thousands of cattle and the businesses of their barons. Chey-enne needed a boost, and the Cheyenne Frontier Days became the perfect solu-tion. The first rodeo was attended by 400 folks, and more and more have been coming back ever since. Today Fron-tier Days is the world’s largest outdoor rodeo, while also boasting world fa-mous musical acts. In 2016, 259,193 peo-ple attended the event to watch profes-sional cowboys compete for over $1 million while enjoying the festive cele-bration of cowboy culture. This event symbolizes the western spirit that beats from within Cheyenne through-out the rest of Wyoming. In honor of the 150th anniversary of Cheyenne, WY, I urge my esteemed col-leagues to visit this ‘‘Magic City’’ themselves. I congratulate all the folks who work to preserve Cheyenne’s rich history and continue its valuable leg-acy. I stand proudly with them in cele-brating this historical achievement. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ELLEN SCHLECHTER ∑Mr. ROUNDS. Madam President, today I recognize the distinguished ac-complishment of a young South Dako-tan, Ellen Schlechter, a 2017 recipient of the National Federation of Inde-pendent Businesses NFIB Young Entre-preneur Award. Ellen is a recent high school graduate from Orient, SD, and the founder and owner of The Calving Book App, a convenient and simple way to keep calf records on a user’s smartphone, tablet, or computer. Growing up raising cattle, Ellen rec-ognized a need in the agricultural sec-tor for an application that would allow producers to document all of their cat-tle records in one place. Two years after the launch of The Calving Book App, Ellen has introduced an advanced version of the app and been featured in numerous ag publications and on local media in our State. I extend my congratulations to Ellen for being recognized by the NFIB for her accomplishments and entrepre-neurial spirit, and I thank her for the work she has done to help our pro-ducers become more efficient. I wish her continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ABIGAIL KOSIAK ∑Mr. THUNE. Madam President, today I recognize the hard work of my Com-merce, Science, and Transportation Committee intern Abigail Kosiak. Abi-gail hails from Sioux Falls, SD, and is a rising junior at Utah State Univer-sity. While interning on the Commerce Committee, Abigail worked in the com-mittee’s front office, assisted the Com-munications, Technology, Innovation, and the Internet Subcommittee and gave tours of the Capitol. She is a dedi-cated worker who was committed to getting the most out of her internship. I extend my sincere thanks and appre-ciation to Abigail for all of the fine work she did for the Commerce Com-mittee and wish her continued success in the years to come.∑ f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 10:06 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 2182. An act to require the Comp-troller General of the United States to sub-mit a report to Congress on the alternatives for the final disposition of Plum Island, in-cluding preservation of the island for con-servation, education, and research, and for other purposes. H.R. 3178. An act to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to improve the deliv-ery of home infusion therapy and dialysis and the application of the Stark rule under the Medicare program, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 3364. An act to provide congressional review and to counter aggression by the Gov-ernments of Iran, the Russian Federation, and North Korea, and for other purposes, 
The message also announced that pursuant to section 4003(e) of the 21st Century Cures Act (Public Law 114– 255), and the order of the House of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Speaker appoints the following individual on the part of the House of Representatives to the Health Information Technology Advisory Committee: Ms. Cynthia A. Fisher of Newton, Massachusetts. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bill was read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 3178. An act to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to improve the deliv-ery of home infusion therapy and dialysis and the application of the Stark rule under the Medicare program, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. MORAN (for himself, Mr. S
CHATZ , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. Y OUNG , and Mr. U
DALL ): S. 1632. A bill to establish an additional fund in the Treasury to meet existing statu-tory obligations to reimburse costs reason-ably incurred as a result of the reorganiza-tion of broadcast television spectrum, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. WYDEN: S. 1633. A bill to promote innovative ap-proaches to outdoor recreation on Federal land and to open up opportunities for col-laboration with non-Federal partners, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Mr. M
ARKEY ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.058 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4300 July 26, 2017 
S. 1634. A bill to require auto dealers to fix outstanding safety recalls before selling or leasing a used passenger motor vehicle; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Ms. HIRONO: S. 1635. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to extend authority for oper-ation of the Department of Veterans Affairs Regional Office in Manila, the Republic of the Philippines; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. R
EED, Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. F RANKEN , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Ms. H IRONO , and Ms. W
ARREN ): S. 1636. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to modify the rules relat-ing to inverted corporations; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. R
EED, Mr. F
RANKEN , Ms. D UCKWORTH , and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ): S. 1637. A bill to prohibit the award of Fed-eral Government contracts to inverted do-mestic corporations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. K AINE, Mr. K
ING, and Mr. S COTT): S. 1638. A bill to provide priority under cer-tain federally assisted housing programs to assist youths who are aging out of foster care, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. By Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself and Mr. S
CHATZ ): S. 1639. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for carbon diox-ide and other greenhouse gas emission fees, reduce the rate of the corporate income tax, provide tax credits to workers, deliver addi-tional benefits to retired and disabled Amer-icans, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Ms. B
ALD-
WIN, Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. C OONS , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. F RANKEN , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H
IRONO , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M UR-
RAY, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. S
CHATZ , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. U DALL , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , and Ms. W ARREN ): S. 1640. A bill to reform the financing of Senate elections, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. BENNET (for himself, Mr. H
ELLER , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. U DALL , Mr. C
OONS , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. C ARPER , Ms. S
TABENOW , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. M
URRAY , and Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO ): S. Res. 232. A resolution supporting the in-clusion and meaningful engagement of Latinos in environmental protection and conservation efforts; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. REED (for himself, Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. V AN H
OLLEN , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. T
ESTER ): S. Res. 233. A resolution designating Au-gust 16, 2017, as ‘‘National Airborne Day’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 223 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 223, a bill to provide immunity from suit for certain individuals who disclose potential examples of financial exploitation of senior citizens, and for other purposes. 
S. 298 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 298, a bill to require Senate candidates to file designations, statements, and reports in electronic form. 
S. 339 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 339, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to repeal the re-quirement for reduction of survivor an-nuities under the Survivor Benefit Plan by veterans’ dependency and in-demnity compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 364 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 364, a bill to amend the Food Se-curity Act of 1985 to exempt certain re-cipients of Department of Agriculture conservation assistance from certain reporting requirements, and for other purposes. 
S. 540 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 540, a bill to limit the authority of States to tax certain income of em-ployees for employment duties per-formed in other States. 
S. 671 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 671, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross income certain amounts realized on the disposition of property raised or pro-duced by a student farmer, and for other purposes. 
S. 711 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 711, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for S corporation reform, and for other purposes. 
S. 859 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 859, a bill to authorize the Direc-tor of the United States Geological Survey to conduct monitoring, assess-ment, science, and research, in support of the binational fisheries within the Great Lakes Basin, and for other pur-poses. S. 910 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 910, a bill to prohibit discrimina-tion against individuals with disabil-ities who need long-term services and supports, and for other purposes. 
S. 1172 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1172, a bill to impose sanctions with respect to foreign per-sons responsible for gross violations of internationally recognized human rights against lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) individuals, and for other purposes. 
S. 1182 
At the request of Mr. Y OUNG , the names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) and the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1182, a bill to require the Sec-retary of the Treasury to mint com-memorative coins in recognition of the 100th anniversary of The American Le-gion. 
S. 1326 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1326, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in rec-ognition of American innovation and significant innovation and pioneering efforts of individuals or groups from each of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the United States terri-tories, to promote the importance of innovation in the United States, the District of Columbia, and the United States territories, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1332 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1332, a bill to establish the Great Lakes Aquatic Connectivity and Infra-structure Program, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1354 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1354, a bill to establish an In-dividual Market Reinsurance fund to provide funding for State individual market stabilization reinsurance pro-grams. 
S. 1425 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1425, a bill to reauthorize the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Ob-servation System Act of 2009, and for other purposes. 
S. 1498 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Delaware 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.008 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4301 July 26, 2017 
(Mr. C OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1498, a bill to establish in the Smithsonian Institution a comprehen-sive American women’s history mu-seum, and for other purposes. 
S. 1591 
At the request of Mr. V ANHOLLEN , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1591, a bill to impose sanctions with respect to the Democratic People’s Re-public of Korea, and for other purposes. 
S. 1595 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the names of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) and the Senator from Mis-sissippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 1595, a bill to amend the Hizballah International Financing Pre-vention Act of 2015 to impose addi-tional sanctions with respect to Hizballah, and for other purposes. 
S. 1598 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ), the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ), the Sen-ator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ), the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EIN-
STEIN ), the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) and the Senator from Wash-ington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1598, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the laws ad-ministered by the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs, and for other purposes. At the request of Mr. I
SAKSON , the names of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) and the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1598, supra. 
S. 1608 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the names of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ), the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ), the Senator from Lou-isiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) and the Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1608, a bill to authorize the Capitol Police Board to make payments from the United States Capitol Police Memorial Fund to em-ployees of the United States Capitol Police who have sustained serious line- of-duty injuries, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1615 
At the request of Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1615, a bill to authorize the cancella-tion of removal and adjustment of sta-tus of certain individuals who are long- term United States residents and who entered the United States as children and for other purposes. 
S.J. RES. 47 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE) was added as a cosponsor of S.J. Res. 47, a joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chap-ter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by Bureau of Con-sumer Financial Protection relating to ‘‘Arbitration Agreements’’. S. RES. 162 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-sor of S. Res. 162, a resolution reaffirm-ing the commitment of the United States to promoting religious freedom, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 268 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the name of the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 268 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 1628, a bill to provide for reconciliation pursu-ant to title II of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2017. 
AMENDMENT NO . 276 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the names of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ), the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) and the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 276 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1628, a bill to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. R
EED, Mr. B ROWN , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Ms. H
IRONO , and Ms. W ARREN ): S. 1636. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the rules relating to inverted corporations; to the Committee on Finance. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1636 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Stop Cor-porate Inversions Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. MODIFICATIONS TO RULES RELATING TO INVERTED CORPORATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 7874 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) I
NVERTED CORPORATIONS TREATED AS  D
OMESTIC CORPORATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 7701(a)(4), a foreign corporation shall be treated for purposes of this title as a domes-tic corporation if— ‘‘(A) such corporation would be a surrogate foreign corporation if subsection (a)(2) were applied by substituting ‘80 percent’ for ‘60 percent’, or ‘‘(B) such corporation is an inverted do-mestic corporation. ‘‘(2) I
NVERTED DOMESTIC CORPORATION .—For purposes of this subsection, a foreign cor-poration shall be treated as an inverted do-mestic corporation if, pursuant to a plan (or a series of related transactions)— ‘‘(A) the entity completes after May 8, 2014, the direct or indirect acquisition of— ‘‘(i) substantially all of the properties held directly or indirectly by a domestic corpora-tion, or ‘‘(ii) substantially all of the assets of, or substantially all of the properties consti-tuting a trade or business of, a domestic partnership, and ‘‘(B) after the acquisition, either— ‘‘(i) more than 50 percent of the stock (by vote or value) of the entity is held— ‘‘(I) in the case of an acquisition with re-spect to a domestic corporation, by former shareholders of the domestic corporation by reason of holding stock in the domestic cor-poration, or ‘‘(II) in the case of an acquisition with re-spect to a domestic partnership, by former partners of the domestic partnership by rea-son of holding a capital or profits interest in the domestic partnership, or ‘‘(ii) the management and control of the expanded affiliated group which includes the entity occurs, directly or indirectly, pri-marily within the United States, and such expanded affiliated group has significant do-mestic business activities. ‘‘(3) EXCEPTION FOR CORPORATIONS WITH  
SUBSTANTIAL BUSINESS ACTIVITIES IN FOREIGN  
COUNTRY OF ORGANIZATION .—A foreign cor-poration described in paragraph (2) shall not be treated as an inverted domestic corpora-tion if after the acquisition the expanded af-filiated group which includes the entity has substantial business activities in the foreign country in which or under the law of which the entity is created or organized when com-pared to the total business activities of such expanded affiliated group. For purposes of subsection (a)(2)(B)(iii) and the preceding sentence, the term ‘substantial business ac-tivities’ shall have the meaning given such term under regulations in effect on January 18, 2017, except that the Secretary may issue regulations increasing the threshold percent in any of the tests under such regulations for determining if business activities constitute substantial business activities for purposes of this paragraph. ‘‘(4) M
ANAGEMENT AND CONTROL .—For pur- poses of paragraph (2)(B)(ii)— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pre-scribe regulations for purposes of deter-mining cases in which the management and control of an expanded affiliated group is to be treated as occurring, directly or indi-rectly, primarily within the United States. The regulations prescribed under the pre-ceding sentence shall apply to periods after May 8, 2014. ‘‘(B) E
XECUTIVE OFFICERS AND SENIOR MAN -
AGEMENT .—Such regulations shall provide that the management and control of an ex-panded affiliated group shall be treated as occurring, directly or indirectly, primarily within the United States if substantially all of the executive officers and senior manage-ment of the expanded affiliated group who exercise day-to-day responsibility for mak-ing decisions involving strategic, financial, and operational policies of the expanded af-filiated group are based or primarily located within the United States. Individuals who in fact exercise such day-to-day responsibilities shall be treated as executive officers and senior management regardless of their title. ‘‘(5) S
IGNIFICANT DOMESTIC BUSINESS ACTIVI -
TIES.—For purposes of paragraph (2)(B)(ii), an expanded affiliated group has significant domestic business activities if at least 25 percent of— ‘‘(A) the employees of the group are based in the United States, ‘‘(B) the employee compensation incurred by the group is incurred with respect to em-ployees based in the United States, ‘‘(C) the assets of the group are located in the United States, or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.011 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4302 July 26, 2017 
‘‘(D) the income of the group is derived in the United States, determined in the same manner as such de-terminations are made for purposes of deter-mining substantial business activities under regulations referred to in paragraph (3) as in effect on January 18, 2017, but applied by treating all references in such regulations to ‘foreign country’ and ‘relevant foreign coun-try’ as references to ‘the United States’. The Secretary may issue regulations decreasing the threshold percent in any of the tests under such regulations for determining if business activities constitute significant do-mestic business activities for purposes of this paragraph.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Clause (i) of section 7874(a)(2)(B) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘after March 4, 2003,’’ and inserting ‘‘after March 4, 2003, and before May 8, 2014,’’. (2) Subsection (c) of section 7874 of such Code is amended— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘subsection (a)(2)(B)(ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (a)(2)(B)(ii) and (b)(2)(B)(i)’’, and (ii) by inserting ‘‘or (b)(2)(A)’’ after ‘‘(a)(2)(B)(i)’’ in subparagraph (B), (B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘or (b)(2)(B)(i), as the case may be,’’ after ‘‘(a)(2)(B)(ii)’’, (C) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘sub-section (a)(2)(B)(ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-sections (a)(2)(B)(ii) and (b)(2)(B)(i)’’, and (D) in paragraph (6), by inserting ‘‘or in-verted domestic corporation, as the case may be,’’ after ‘‘surrogate foreign corporation’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years ending after May 8, 2014. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. R
EED, Mr. F RANKEN , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , and Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE ): S. 1637. A bill to prohibit the award of Federal Government contracts to in-verted domestic corporations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1637 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘American Business for American Companies Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. PROHIBITION ON AWARDING CONTRACTS TO INVERTED DOMESTIC CORPORA-TIONS. 
(a) C IVILIAN CONTRACTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 47 of title 41, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 4713. Prohibition on awarding contracts to inverted domestic corporations ‘‘(a) P
ROHIBITION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The head of an executive agency may not award a contract for the procurement of property or services to— ‘‘(A) any foreign incorporated entity that such head has determined is an inverted do-mestic corporation or any subsidiary of such entity; or ‘‘(B) any joint venture if more than 10 per-cent of the joint venture (by vote or value) is held by a foreign incorporated entity that such head has determined is an inverted do-mestic corporation or any subsidiary of such entity. ‘‘(2) SUBCONTRACTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The head of an execu-tive agency shall include in each contract for the procurement of property or services awarded by the executive agency with a value in excess of $10,000,000, other than a contract for exclusively commercial items, a clause that prohibits the prime contractor on such contract from— ‘‘(i) awarding a first-tier subcontract with a value greater than 10 percent of the total value of the prime contract to an entity or joint venture described in paragraph (1); or ‘‘(ii) structuring subcontract tiers in a manner designed to avoid the limitation in paragraph (1) by enabling an entity or joint venture described in paragraph (1) to perform more than 10 percent of the total value of the prime contract as a lower-tier subcon-tractor. ‘‘(B) P
ENALTIES .—The contract clause in-cluded in contracts pursuant to subpara-graph (A) shall provide that, in the event that the prime contractor violates the con-tract clause— ‘‘(i) the prime contract may be terminated for default; and ‘‘(ii) the matter may be referred to the sus-pension or debarment official for the appro-priate agency and may be a basis for suspen-sion or debarment of the prime contractor. ‘‘(b) I
NVERTED DOMESTIC CORPORATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sec-tion, a foreign incorporated entity shall be treated as an inverted domestic corporation if, pursuant to a plan (or a series of related transactions)— ‘‘(A) the entity completes on or after May 8, 2014, the direct or indirect acquisition of— ‘‘(i) substantially all of the properties held directly or indirectly by a domestic corpora-tion; or ‘‘(ii) substantially all of the assets of, or substantially all of the properties consti-tuting a trade or business of, a domestic partnership; and ‘‘(B) after the acquisition, either— ‘‘(i) more than 50 percent of the stock (by vote or value) of the entity is held— ‘‘(I) in the case of an acquisition with re-spect to a domestic corporation, by former shareholders of the domestic corporation by reason of holding stock in the domestic cor-poration; or ‘‘(II) in the case of an acquisition with re-spect to a domestic partnership, by former partners of the domestic partnership by rea-son of holding a capital or profits interest in the domestic partnership; or ‘‘(ii) the management and control of the expanded affiliated group which includes the entity occurs, directly or indirectly, pri-marily within the United States, as deter-mined pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury, and such ex-panded affiliated group has significant do-mestic business activities. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION FOR CORPORATIONS WITH  
SUBSTANTIAL BUSINESS ACTIVITIES IN FOREIGN  
COUNTRY OF ORGANIZATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A foreign incorporated entity described in paragraph (1) shall not be treated as an inverted domestic corporation if after the acquisition the expanded affili-ated group which includes the entity has substantial business activities in the foreign country in which or under the law of which the entity is created or organized when com-pared to the total business activities of such expanded affiliated group. ‘‘(B) S
UBSTANTIAL BUSINESS ACTIVITIES .— The Secretary of the Treasury (or the Sec-retary’s delegate) shall establish regulations for determining whether an affiliated group has substantial business activities for pur-poses of subparagraph (A), except that such regulations may not treat any group as hav-ing substantial business activities if such group would not be considered to have sub-stantial business activities under the regula-tions prescribed under section 7874 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986, as in effect on January 18, 2017. ‘‘(3) SIGNIFICANT DOMESTIC BUSINESS ACTIVI -
TIES.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of para-graph (1)(B)(ii), an expanded affiliated group has significant domestic business activities if at least 25 percent of— ‘‘(i) the employees of the group are based in the United States; ‘‘(ii) the employee compensation incurred by the group is incurred with respect to em-ployees based in the United States; ‘‘(iii) the assets of the group are located in the United States; or ‘‘(iv) the income of the group is derived in the United States. ‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATION .—Determinations pur-suant to subparagraph (A) shall be made in the same manner as such determinations are made for purposes of determining substantial business activities under regulations re-ferred to in paragraph (2) as in effect on Jan-uary 18, 2017, but applied by treating all ref-erences in such regulations to ‘foreign coun-try’ and ‘relevant foreign country’ as ref-erences to ‘the United States’. The Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate) may issue regulations decreasing the thresh-old percent in any of the tests under such regulations for determining if business ac-tivities constitute significant domestic busi-ness activities for purposes of this para-graph. ‘‘(c) W
AIVER .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The head of an executive agency may waive subsection (a) with re-spect to any Federal Government contract under the authority of such head if the head determines that the waiver is— ‘‘(A) required in the interest of national se-curity; or ‘‘(B) necessary for the efficient or effective administration of Federal or federally fund-ed— ‘‘(i) programs that provide health benefits to individuals; or ‘‘(ii) public health programs. ‘‘(2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The head of an executive agency issuing a waiver under paragraph (1) shall, not later than 14 days after issuing such waiver, submit a written notification of the waiver to the relevant au-thorizing committees of Congress and the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives. ‘‘(d) A
PPLICABILITY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), this section shall not apply to any contract entered into before the date of the enactment of this section. ‘‘(2) T
ASK AND DELIVERY ORDERS .—This sec- tion shall apply to any task or delivery order issued after the date of the enactment of this section pursuant to a contract entered into before, on, or after such date of enactment. ‘‘(3) S
COPE.—This section applies only to contracts subject to regulation under the Federal Acquisition Regulation. ‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS AND SPECIAL RULES .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘expanded affiliated group’, ‘foreign incorporated entity’, ‘person’, ‘domestic’, and ‘foreign’ have the meaning given those terms in section 835(c) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 395(c)). ‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULES .—In applying sub-section (b) of this section for purposes of sub-section (a) of this section, the rules described under 835(c)(1) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 395(c)(1)) shall apply.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.012 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4303 July 26, 2017 
(2) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 47 of title 41, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4712 the following new item: ‘‘4713. Prohibition on awarding contracts to inverted domestic corpora-tions.’’. (b) D
EFENSE CONTRACTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 2340. Prohibition on awarding contracts to inverted domestic corporations ‘‘(a) P
ROHIBITION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The head of an agency may not award a contract for the procure-ment of property or services to— ‘‘(A) any foreign incorporated entity that such head has determined is an inverted do-mestic corporation or any subsidiary of such entity; or ‘‘(B) any joint venture if more than 10 per-cent of the joint venture (by vote or value) is owned by a foreign incorporated entity that such head has determined is an inverted do-mestic corporation or any subsidiary of such entity. ‘‘(2) S
UBCONTRACTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The head of an execu-tive agency shall include in each contract for the procurement of property or services awarded by the executive agency with a value in excess of $10,000,000, other than a contract for exclusively commercial items, a clause that prohibits the prime contractor on such contract from— ‘‘(i) awarding a first-tier subcontract with a value greater than 10 percent of the total value of the prime contract to an entity or joint venture described in paragraph (1); or ‘‘(ii) structuring subcontract tiers in a manner designed to avoid the limitation in paragraph (1) by enabling an entity or joint venture described in paragraph (1) to perform more than 10 percent of the total value of the prime contract as a lower-tier subcon-tractor. ‘‘(B) P
ENALTIES .—The contract clause in-cluded in contracts pursuant to subpara-graph (A) shall provide that, in the event that the prime contractor violates the con-tract clause— ‘‘(i) the prime contract may be terminated for default; and ‘‘(ii) the matter may be referred to the sus-pension or debarment official for the appro-priate agency and may be a basis for suspen-sion or debarment of the prime contractor. ‘‘(b) I
NVERTED DOMESTIC CORPORATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sec-tion, a foreign incorporated entity shall be treated as an inverted domestic corporation if, pursuant to a plan (or a series of related transactions)— ‘‘(A) the entity completes on or after May 8, 2014, the direct or indirect acquisition of— ‘‘(i) substantially all of the properties held directly or indirectly by a domestic corpora-tion; or ‘‘(ii) substantially all of the assets of, or substantially all of the properties consti-tuting a trade or business of, a domestic partnership; and ‘‘(B) after the acquisition, either— ‘‘(i) more than 50 percent of the stock (by vote or value) of the entity is held— ‘‘(I) in the case of an acquisition with re-spect to a domestic corporation, by former shareholders of the domestic corporation by reason of holding stock in the domestic cor-poration; or ‘‘(II) in the case of an acquisition with re-spect to a domestic partnership, by former partners of the domestic partnership by rea-son of holding a capital or profits interest in the domestic partnership; or ‘‘(ii) the management and control of the expanded affiliated group which includes the entity occurs, directly or indirectly, pri-marily within the United States, as deter-mined pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury, and such ex-panded affiliated group has significant do-mestic business activities. ‘‘(2) EXCEPTION FOR CORPORATIONS WITH  
SUBSTANTIAL BUSINESS ACTIVITIES IN FOREIGN  
COUNTRY OF ORGANIZATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A foreign incorporated entity described in paragraph (1) shall not be treated as an inverted domestic corporation if after the acquisition the expanded affili-ated group which includes the entity has substantial business activities in the foreign country in which or under the law of which the entity is created or organized when com-pared to the total business activities of such expanded affiliated group. ‘‘(B) S
UBSTANTIAL BUSINESS ACTIVITIES .— The Secretary of the Treasury (or the Sec-retary’s delegate) shall establish regulations for determining whether an affiliated group has substantial business activities for pur-poses of subparagraph (A), except that such regulations may not treat any group as hav-ing substantial business activities if such group would not be considered to have sub-stantial business activities under the regula-tions prescribed under section 7874 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986, as in effect on January 18, 2017. ‘‘(3) S
IGNIFICANT DOMESTIC BUSINESS ACTIVI -
TIES.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of para-graph (1)(B)(ii), an expanded affiliated group has significant domestic business activities if at least 25 percent of— ‘‘(i) the employees of the group are based in the United States; ‘‘(ii) the employee compensation incurred by the group is incurred with respect to em-ployees based in the United States; ‘‘(iii) the assets of the group are located in the United States; or ‘‘(iv) the income of the group is derived in the United States. ‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATION .—Determinations pur-suant to subparagraph (A) shall be made in the same manner as such determinations are made for purposes of determining substantial business activities under regulations re-ferred to in paragraph (2) as in effect on Jan-uary 18, 2017, but applied by treating all ref-erences in such regulations to ‘foreign coun-try’ and ‘relevant foreign country’ as ref-erences to ‘the United States’. The Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate) may issue regulations decreasing the thresh-old percent in any of the tests under such regulations for determining if business ac-tivities constitute significant domestic busi-ness activities for purposes of this para-graph. ‘‘(c) W
AIVER .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The head of an agency may waive subsection (a) with respect to any Federal Government contract under the au-thority of such head if the head determines that the waiver is required in the interest of national security or is necessary for the effi-cient or effective administration of Federal or federally funded programs that provide health benefits to individuals. ‘‘(2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The head of an agency issuing a waiver under paragraph (1) shall, not later than 14 days after issuing such waiver, submit a written notification of the waiver to the Committees on Armed Services and Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives. ‘‘(d) A
PPLICABILITY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), this section shall not apply to any contract entered into before the date of the enactment of this section. ‘‘(2) TASK AND DELIVERY ORDERS .—This sec- tion shall apply to any task or delivery order issued after the date of the enactment of this section pursuant to a contract entered into before, on, or after such date of enactment. ‘‘(3) S
COPE.—This section applies only to contracts subject to regulation under the Federal Acquisition Regulation and the De-fense Supplement to the Federal Acquisition Regulation. ‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS AND SPECIAL RULES .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘expanded affiliated group’, ‘foreign incorporated entity’, ‘person’, ‘domestic’, and ‘foreign’ have the meaning given those terms in section 835(c) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 395(c)). ‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULES .—In applying sub-section (b) of this section for purposes of sub-section (a) of this section, the rules described under 835(c)(1) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 395(c)(1)) shall apply.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2339 the following new item: ‘‘2340. Prohibition on awarding contracts to inverted domestic corpora-tions.’’. (c) R
EGULATIONS REGARDING MANAGEMENT  
ANDCONTROL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate) shall, for purposes of section 4713(b)(1)(B)(ii) of title 41, United States Code, and section 2340(b)(1)(B)(ii) of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsections (a) and (b), re-spectively, prescribe regulations for purposes of determining cases in which the manage-ment and control of an expanded affiliated group is to be treated as occurring, directly or indirectly, primarily within the United States. The regulations prescribed under the preceding sentence shall apply to periods after May 8, 2014. (2) E
XECUTIVE OFFICERS AND SENIOR MAN -
AGEMENT .—The regulations prescribed under paragraph (1) shall provide that the manage-ment and control of an expanded affiliated group shall be treated as occurring, directly or indirectly, primarily within the United States if substantially all of the executive officers and senior management of the ex-panded affiliated group who exercise day-to- day responsibility for making decisions in-volving strategic, financial, and operational policies of the expanded affiliated group are based or primarily located within the United States. Individuals who in fact exercise such day-to-day responsibilities shall be treated as executive officers and senior management regardless of their title. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. C
OONS , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. H
EINRICH , Ms. H IRONO , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. S
ANDERS , Mr. S CHATZ , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. U DALL , Mr. V AN H
OLLEN , and Ms. W ARREN ): S. 1640. A bill to reform the financing of Senate elections, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.013 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4304 July 26, 2017 
S. 1640 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fair Elections Now Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—FAIR ELECTIONS FINANCING OF SENATE ELECTION CAMPAIGNS Subtitle A—Fair Elections Financing Program Sec. 101. Findings and declarations. Sec. 102. Eligibility requirements and bene-fits of Fair Elections financing of Senate election campaigns. Sec. 103. Prohibition on joint fundraising committees. Sec. 104. Exception to limitation on coordi-nated expenditures by political party committees with partici-pating candidates. TITLE II—IMPROVING VOTER INFORMATION Sec. 201. Broadcasts relating to all Senate candidates. Sec. 202. Broadcast rates for participating candidates. Sec. 203. FCC to prescribe standardized form for reporting candidate cam-paign ads. TITLE III—RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE FEDERAL ELECTION COMMISSION Sec. 301. Petition for certiorari. Sec. 302. Filing by Senate candidates with Commission. Sec. 303. Electronic filing of FEC reports. TITLE IV—PARTICIPATION IN FUNDING OF ELECTIONS Sec. 401. Refundable tax credit for Senate campaign contributions. TITLE V—REVENUE PROVISIONS Sec. 501. Fair Elections Fund revenue. TITLE VI—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS Sec. 601. Severability. Sec. 602. Effective date. TITLE I—FAIR ELECTIONS FINANCING OF SENATE ELECTION CAMPAIGNS Subtitle A—Fair Elections Financing Program 
SEC. 101. FINDINGS AND DECLARATIONS. 
(a) U NDERMINING OF DEMOCRACY BY CAM-
PAIGN CONTRIBUTIONS FROM PRIVATE  S
OURCES .—The Senate finds and declares that the current system of privately fi-nanced campaigns for election to the United States Senate has the capacity, and is often perceived by the public, to undermine de-mocracy in the United States by— (1) creating a culture that fosters actual or perceived conflicts of interest by encour-aging Senators to accept large campaign contributions from private interests that are directly affected by Federal legislation; (2) diminishing or appearing to diminish Senators’ accountability to constituents by compelling legislators to be accountable to the major contributors who finance their election campaigns; (3) undermining the meaning of the right to vote by allowing monied interests to have a disproportionate and unfair influence with-in the political process; (4) imposing large, unwarranted costs on taxpayers through legislative and regulatory distortions caused by unequal access to law-makers for campaign contributors; (5) making it difficult for some qualified candidates to mount competitive Senate election campaigns; (6) disadvantaging challengers and discour-aging competitive elections; and (7) burdening incumbents with a pre-occupation with fundraising and thus de-creasing the time available to carry out their public responsibilities. (b) ENHANCEMENT OF DEMOCRACY BY PRO-
VIDING ALLOCATIONS FROM THE FAIRELEC-
TIONS FUND.—The Senate finds and declares that providing the option of the replacement of large private campaign contributions with allocations from the Fair Elections Fund for all primary, runoff, and general elections to the Senate would enhance American democ-racy by— (1) reducing the actual or perceived con-flicts of interest created by fully private fi-nancing of the election campaigns of public officials and restoring public confidence in the integrity and fairness of the electoral and legislative processes through a program which allows participating candidates to ad-here to substantially lower contribution lim-its for contributors with an assurance that there will be sufficient funds for such can-didates to run viable electoral campaigns; (2) increasing the public’s confidence in the accountability of Senators to the constitu-ents who elect them, which derives from the program’s qualifying criteria to participate in the voluntary program and the conclu-sions that constituents may draw regarding candidates who qualify and participate in the program; (3) helping to reduce the ability to make large campaign contributions as a deter-minant of a citizen’s influence within the po-litical process by facilitating the expression of support by voters at every level of wealth, encouraging political participation, and incentivizing participation on the part of Senators through the matching of small dol-lar contributions; (4) potentially saving taxpayers billions of dollars that may be (or that are perceived to be) currently allocated based upon legisla-tive and regulatory agendas skewed by the influence of campaign contributions; (5) creating genuine opportunities for all Americans to run for the Senate and encour-aging more competitive elections; (6) encouraging participation in the elec-toral process by citizens of every level of wealth; and (7) freeing Senators from the incessant pre-occupation with raising money, and allowing them more time to carry out their public re-sponsibilities. 
SEC. 102. ELIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS AND BEN-EFITS OF FAIR ELECTIONS FINANC-ING OF SENATE ELECTION CAM-PAIGNS. 
The Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30101 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘TITLE V—FAIR ELECTIONS FINANCING OF SENATE ELECTION CAMPAIGNS ‘‘Subtitle A—General Provisions 
‘‘SEC. 501. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this title: ‘‘(1) A
LLOCATION FROM THE FUND .—The term ‘allocation from the Fund’ means an alloca-tion of money from the Fair Elections Fund to a participating candidate pursuant to sec-tion 522. ‘‘(2) B
OARD .—The term ‘Board’ means the Fair Elections Oversight Board established under section 531. ‘‘(3) F
AIR ELECTIONS QUALIFYING PERIOD .— The term ‘Fair Elections qualifying period’ means, with respect to any candidate for Senator, the period— ‘‘(A) beginning on the date on which the candidate files a statement of intent under section 511(a)(1); and ‘‘(B) ending on the date that is 30 days be-fore— ‘‘(i) the date of the primary election; or ‘‘(ii) in the case of a State that does not hold a primary election, the date prescribed by State law as the last day to qualify for a position on the general election ballot. ‘‘(4) FAIR ELECTIONS START DATE .—The term ‘Fair Elections start date’ means, with respect to any candidate, the date that is 180 days before— ‘‘(A) the date of the primary election; or ‘‘(B) in the case of a State that does not hold a primary election, the date prescribed by State law as the last day to qualify for a position on the general election ballot. ‘‘(5) F
UND.—The term ‘Fund’ means the Fair Elections Fund established by section 502. ‘‘(6) I
MMEDIATE FAMILY .—The term ‘imme-diate family’ means, with respect to any can-didate— ‘‘(A) the candidate’s spouse; ‘‘(B) a child, stepchild, parent, grand-parent, brother, half-brother, sister, or half- sister of the candidate or the candidate’s spouse; and ‘‘(C) the spouse of any person described in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(7) M
ATCHING CONTRIBUTION .—The term ‘matching contribution’ means a matching payment provided to a participating can-didate for qualified small dollar contribu-tions, as provided under section 523. ‘‘(8) N
ONPARTICIPATING CANDIDATE .—The term ‘nonparticipating candidate’ means a candidate for Senator who is not a partici-pating candidate. ‘‘(9) P
ARTICIPATING CANDIDATE .—The term ‘participating candidate’ means a candidate for Senator who is certified under section 515 as being eligible to receive an allocation from the Fund. ‘‘(10) Q
UALIFYING CONTRIBUTION .—The term ‘qualifying contribution’ means, with respect to a candidate, a contribution that— ‘‘(A) is in an amount that is— ‘‘(i) not less than the greater of $5 or the amount determined by the Commission under section 531; and ‘‘(ii) not more than the greater of $150 or the amount determined by the Commission under section 531; ‘‘(B) is made by an individual— ‘‘(i) who is a resident of the State in which such candidate is seeking election; and ‘‘(ii) who is not otherwise prohibited from making a contribution under this Act; ‘‘(C) is made during the Fair Elections qualifying period; and ‘‘(D) meets the requirements of section 512(b). ‘‘(11) Q
UALIFIED SMALL DOLLAR CONTRIBU -
TION.—The term ‘qualified small dollar con-tribution’ means, with respect to a can-didate, any contribution (or series of con-tributions)— ‘‘(A) which is not a qualifying contribution (or does not include a qualifying contribu-tion); ‘‘(B) which is made by an individual who is not prohibited from making a contribution under this Act; and ‘‘(C) the aggregate amount of which does not exceed the greater of— ‘‘(i) $150 per election; or ‘‘(ii) the amount per election determined by the Commission under section 531. ‘‘(12) Q
UALIFYING MULTICANDIDATE POLIT -
ICAL COMMITTEE CONTRIBUTION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualifying multicandidate political committee con-tribution’ means any contribution to a can-didate that is made from a qualified account of a multicandidate political committee (within the meaning of section 315(a)(2)). ‘‘(B) Q
UALIFIED ACCOUNT .—For purposes of subparagraph (A), the term ‘qualified ac-count’ means, with respect to a multi-candidate political committee, a separate, segregated account of the committee that consists solely of contributions which meet the following requirements: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.018 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4305 July 26, 2017 
‘‘(i) All contributions to such account are made by individuals who are not prohibited from making contributions under this Act. ‘‘(ii) The aggregate amount of contribu-tions from each individual to such account and all other accounts of the political com-mittee do not exceed the amount described in paragraph (11)(C). 
‘‘SEC. 502. FAIR ELECTIONS FUND. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Treasury a fund to be known as the ‘Fair Elections Fund’. ‘‘(b) A
MOUNTS HELD BY FUND.—The Fund shall consist of the following amounts: ‘‘(1) A
PPROPRIATED AMOUNTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Amounts appropriated to the Fund. ‘‘(B) S
ENSE OF THE SENATE REGARDING AP -
PROPRIATIONS .—It is the sense of the Senate that— ‘‘(i) there should be imposed on any pay-ment made to any person (other than a State or local government or a foreign nation) who has a contract with the Government of the United States in excess of $10,000,000 a tax equal to 0.50 percent of amount paid pursu-ant to each contract, except that the aggre-gate tax on each contract for any taxable year shall not exceed $500,000; and ‘‘(ii) the revenue from such tax should be appropriated to the Fund. ‘‘(2) V
OLUNTARY CONTRIBUTIONS .—Vol- untary contributions to the Fund. ‘‘(3) O
THER DEPOSITS .—Amounts deposited into the Fund under— ‘‘(A) section 513(c) (relating to exceptions to contribution requirements); ‘‘(B) section 521(c) (relating to remittance of allocations from the Fund); ‘‘(C) section 533 (relating to violations); and ‘‘(D) any other section of this Act. ‘‘(4) I
NVESTMENT RETURNS .—Interest on, and the proceeds from, the sale or redemp-tion of, any obligations held by the Fund under subsection (c). ‘‘(c) I
NVESTMENT .—The Commission shall invest portions of the Fund in obligations of the United States in the same manner as provided under section 9602(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. ‘‘(d) U
SE OF FUND.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The sums in the Fund shall be used to provide benefits to partici-pating candidates as provided in subtitle C. ‘‘(2) I
NSUFFICIENT AMOUNTS .—Under regula-tions established by the Commission, rules similar to the rules of section 9006(c) of the Internal Revenue Code shall apply. ‘‘Subtitle B—Eligibility and Certification 
‘‘SEC. 511. ELIGIBILITY. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—A candidate for Senator is eligible to receive an allocation from the Fund for any election if the candidate meets the following requirements: ‘‘(1) The candidate files with the Commis-sion a statement of intent to seek certifi-cation as a participating candidate under this title during the period beginning on the Fair Elections start date and ending on the last day of the Fair Elections qualifying pe-riod. ‘‘(2) The candidate meets the qualifying contribution requirements of section 512. ‘‘(3) Not later than the last day of the Fair Elections qualifying period, the candidate files with the Commission an affidavit signed by the candidate and the treasurer of the candidate’s principal campaign committee declaring that the candidate— ‘‘(A) has complied and, if certified, will comply with the contribution and expendi-ture requirements of section 513; ‘‘(B) if certified, will comply with the de-bate requirements of section 514; ‘‘(C) if certified, will not run as a non-participating candidate during such year in any election for the office that such can-didate is seeking; and ‘‘(D) has either qualified or will take steps to qualify under State law to be on the bal-lot. ‘‘(b) GENERAL ELECTION .—Notwithstanding subsection (a), a candidate shall not be eligi-ble to receive an allocation from the Fund for a general election or a general runoff election unless the candidate’s party nomi-nated the candidate to be placed on the bal-lot for the general election or the candidate otherwise qualified to be on the ballot under State law. 
‘‘SEC. 512. QUALIFYING CONTRIBUTION REQUIRE-MENT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—A candidate for Senator meets the requirement of this section if, dur-ing the Fair Elections qualifying period, the candidate obtains— ‘‘(1) a number of qualifying contributions equal to the greater of— ‘‘(A) the sum of— ‘‘(i) 2,000; plus ‘‘(ii) 500 for each congressional district in the State with respect to which the can-didate is seeking election; or ‘‘(B) the amount determined by the Com-mission under section 531; and ‘‘(2) a total dollar amount of qualifying contributions equal to the greater of— ‘‘(A) 10 percent of the amount of the allo-cation such candidate would be entitled to receive for the primary election under sec-tion 522(c)(1) (determined without regard to paragraph (5) thereof) if such candidate were a participating candidate; or ‘‘(B) the amount determined by the Com-mission under section 531. ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENTS RELATING TO RECEIPT  
OFQUALIFYING CONTRIBUTION .—Each quali-fying contribution— ‘‘(1) may be made by means of a personal check, money order, debit card, credit card, or electronic payment account; ‘‘(2) shall be accompanied by a signed statement containing— ‘‘(A) the contributor’s name and the con-tributor’s address in the State in which the contributor is registered to vote; and ‘‘(B) an oath declaring that the contrib-utor— ‘‘(i) understands that the purpose of the qualifying contribution is to show support for the candidate so that the candidate may qualify for Fair Elections financing; ‘‘(ii) is making the contribution in his or her own name and from his or her own funds; ‘‘(iii) has made the contribution willingly; and ‘‘(iv) has not received anything of value in return for the contribution; and ‘‘(3) shall be acknowledged by a receipt that is sent to the contributor with a copy kept by the candidate for the Commission and a copy kept by the candidate for the election authorities in the State with re-spect to which the candidate is seeking elec-tion. ‘‘(c) V
ERIFICATION OF QUALIFYING CONTRIBU -
TIONS .—The Commission shall establish pro-cedures for the auditing and verification of qualifying contributions to ensure that such contributions meet the requirements of this section. 
‘‘SEC. 513. CONTRIBUTION AND EXPENDITURE REQUIREMENTS. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL RULE.—A candidate for Sen-ator meets the requirements of this section if, during the election cycle of the candidate, the candidate— ‘‘(1) except as provided in subsection (b), accepts no contributions other than— ‘‘(A) qualifying contributions; ‘‘(B) qualified small dollar contributions; ‘‘(C) qualifying multicandidate political committee contributions; ‘‘(D) allocations from the Fund under sec-tion 522; ‘‘(E) matching contributions under section 523; and ‘‘(F) vouchers provided to the candidate under section 524; ‘‘(2) makes no expenditures from any amounts other than from— ‘‘(A) qualifying contributions; ‘‘(B) qualified small dollar contributions; ‘‘(C) qualifying multicandidate political committee contributions; ‘‘(D) allocations from the Fund under sec-tion 522; ‘‘(E) matching contributions under section 523; and ‘‘(F) vouchers provided to the candidate under section 524; and ‘‘(3) makes no expenditures from personal funds or the funds of any immediate family member (other than funds received through qualified small dollar contributions and qualifying contributions). For purposes of this subsection, a payment made by a political party in coordination with a participating candidate shall not be treated as a contribution to or as an expendi-ture made by the participating candidate. ‘‘(b) CONTRIBUTIONS FOR LEADERSHIP PAC S, 
ETC.—A political committee of a partici-pating candidate which is not an authorized committee of such candidate may accept contributions other than contributions de-scribed in subsection (a)(1) from any person if— ‘‘(1) the aggregate contributions from such person for any calendar year do not exceed $150; and ‘‘(2) no portion of such contributions is dis-bursed in connection with the campaign of the participating candidate. ‘‘(c) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding sub-section (a), a candidate shall not be treated as having failed to meet the requirements of this section if any contributions that are not qualified small dollar contributions, quali-fying contributions, qualifying multi-candidate political committee contributions, or contributions that meet the requirements of subsection (b) and that are accepted before the date the candidate files a statement of intent under section 511(a)(1) are— ‘‘(1) returned to the contributor; or ‘‘(2) submitted to the Commission for de-posit in the Fund. 
‘‘SEC. 514. DEBATE REQUIREMENT. 
‘‘A candidate for Senator meets the re-quirements of this section if the candidate participates in at least— ‘‘(1) 1 public debate before the primary election with other participating candidates and other willing candidates from the same party and seeking the same nomination as such candidate; and ‘‘(2) 2 public debates before the general election with other participating candidates and other willing candidates seeking the same office as such candidate. 
‘‘SEC. 515. CERTIFICATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 5 days after a candidate for Senator files an affi-davit under section 511(a)(3), the Commission shall— ‘‘(1) certify whether or not the candidate is a participating candidate; and ‘‘(2) notify the candidate of the Commis-sion’s determination. ‘‘(b) R
EVOCATION OF CERTIFICATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission may re-voke a certification under subsection (a) if— ‘‘(A) a candidate fails to qualify to appear on the ballot at any time after the date of certification; or ‘‘(B) a candidate otherwise fails to comply with the requirements of this title, including any regulatory requirements prescribed by the Commission. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.018 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4306 July 26, 2017 
‘‘(2) R EPAYMENT OF BENEFITS .—If certifi-cation is revoked under paragraph (1), the candidate shall repay to the Fund an amount equal to the value of benefits received under this title plus interest (at a rate determined by the Commission) on any such amount re-ceived. ‘‘Subtitle C—Benefits 
‘‘SEC. 521. BENEFITS FOR PARTICIPATING CAN-DIDATES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—For each election with respect to which a candidate is certified as a participating candidate, such candidate shall be entitled to— ‘‘(1) an allocation from the Fund to make or obligate to make expenditures with re-spect to such election, as provided in section 522; ‘‘(2) matching contributions, as provided in section 523; and ‘‘(3) for the general election, vouchers for broadcasts of political advertisements, as provided in section 524. ‘‘(b) R
ESTRICTION ON USES OF ALLOCATIONS  F
ROM THE FUND.—Allocations from the Fund received by a participating candidate under section 522 and matching contributions under section 523 may only be used for cam-paign-related costs. ‘‘(c) R
EMITTING ALLOCATIONS FROM THE  F
UND.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than the date that is 45 days after an election in which the participating candidate appeared on the bal-lot, such participating candidate shall remit to the Commission for deposit in the Fund an amount equal to the lesser of— ‘‘(A) the amount of money in the can-didate’s campaign account; or ‘‘(B) the sum of the allocations from the Fund received by the candidate under sec-tion 522 and the matching contributions re-ceived by the candidate under section 523. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—In the case of a candidate who qualifies to be on the ballot for a pri-mary runoff election, a general election, or a general runoff election, the amounts de-scribed in paragraph (1) may be retained by the candidate and used in such subsequent election. 
‘‘SEC. 522. ALLOCATIONS FROM THE FUND. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commission shall make allocations from the Fund under sec-tion 521(a)(1) to a participating candidate— ‘‘(1) in the case of amounts provided under subsection (c)(1), not later than 48 hours after the date on which such candidate is certified as a participating candidate under section 515; ‘‘(2) in the case of a general election, not later than 48 hours after— ‘‘(A) the date of the certification of the re-sults of the primary election or the primary runoff election; or ‘‘(B) in any case in which there is no pri-mary election, the date the candidate quali-fies to be placed on the ballot; and ‘‘(3) in the case of a primary runoff elec-tion or a general runoff election, not later than 48 hours after the certification of the results of the primary election or the general election, as the case may be. ‘‘(b) M
ETHOD OF PAYMENT .—The Commis-sion shall distribute funds available to par-ticipating candidates under this section through the use of an electronic funds ex-change or a debit card. ‘‘(c) A
MOUNTS .— ‘‘(1) P
RIMARY ELECTION ALLOCATION ; INITIAL  
ALLOCATION .—Except as provided in para-graph (5), the Commission shall make an al-location from the Fund for a primary elec-tion to a participating candidate in an amount equal to 67 percent of the base amount with respect to such participating candidate. ‘‘(2) P
RIMARY RUNOFF ELECTION ALLOCA -
TION.—The Commission shall make an allo-cation from the Fund for a primary runoff election to a participating candidate in an amount equal to 25 percent of the amount the participating candidate was eligible to receive under this section for the primary election. ‘‘(3) GENERAL ELECTION ALLOCATION .—Ex- cept as provided in paragraph (5), the Com-mission shall make an allocation from the Fund for a general election to a partici-pating candidate in an amount equal to the base amount with respect to such candidate. ‘‘(4) G
ENERAL RUNOFF ELECTION ALLOCA -
TION.—The Commission shall make an allo-cation from the Fund for a general runoff election to a participating candidate in an amount equal to 25 percent of the base amount with respect to such candidate. ‘‘(5) U
NCONTESTED ELECTIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a primary or general election that is an uncontested election, the Commission shall make an allo-cation from the Fund to a participating can-didate for such election in an amount equal to 25 percent of the allocation which such candidate would be entitled to under this section for such election if this paragraph did not apply. ‘‘(B) U
NCONTESTED ELECTION DEFINED .—For purposes of this subparagraph, an election is uncontested if not more than 1 candidate has campaign funds (including payments from the Fund) in an amount equal to or greater than 10 percent of the allocation a partici-pating candidate would be entitled to receive under this section for such election if this paragraph did not apply. ‘‘(d) B
ASEAMOUNT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this subsection, the base amount for any candidate is an amount equal to the greater of— ‘‘(A) the sum of— ‘‘(i) $750,000; plus ‘‘(ii) $150,000 for each congressional district in the State with respect to which the can-didate is seeking election; or ‘‘(B) the amount determined by the Com-mission under section 531. ‘‘(2) I
NDEXING .—In each even-numbered year after 2021— ‘‘(A) each dollar amount under paragraph (1)(A) shall be increased by the percent dif-ference between the price index (as defined in section 315(c)(2)(A)) for the 12 months pre-ceding the beginning of such calendar year and the price index for calendar year 2020; ‘‘(B) each dollar amount so increased shall remain in effect for the 2-year period begin-ning on the first day following the date of the last general election in the year pre-ceding the year in which the amount is in-creased and ending on the date of the next general election; and ‘‘(C) if any amount after adjustment under subparagraph (A) is not a multiple of $100, such amount shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $100. 
‘‘SEC. 523. MATCHING PAYMENTS FOR QUALIFIED SMALL DOLLAR CONTRIBUTIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commission shall pay to each participating candidate an amount equal to 600 percent of the amount of qualified small dollar contributions received by the candidate from individuals who are residents of the State in which such partici-pating candidate is seeking election after the date on which such candidate is certified under section 515. ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION .—The aggregate payments under subsection (a) with respect to any can-didate shall not exceed the greater of— ‘‘(1) 400 percent of the allocation such can-didate is entitled to receive for such election under section 522 (determined without regard to subsection (c)(5) thereof); or ‘‘(2) the percentage of such allocation de-termined by the Commission under section 531. ‘‘(c) TIME OF PAYMENT .—The Commission shall make payments under this section not later than 2 business days after the receipt of a report made under subsection (d). ‘‘(d) R
EPORTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Each participating can-didate shall file reports of receipts of quali-fied small dollar contributions at such times and in such manner as the Commission may by regulations prescribe. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS OF REPORTS .—Each report under this subsection shall disclose— ‘‘(A) the amount of each qualified small dollar contribution received by the can-didate; ‘‘(B) the amount of each qualified small dollar contribution received by the can-didate from a resident of the State in which the candidate is seeking election; and ‘‘(C) the name, address, and occupation of each individual who made a qualified small dollar contribution to the candidate. ‘‘(3) F
REQUENCY OF REPORTS .—Reports under this subsection shall be made no more frequently than— ‘‘(A) once every month until the date that is 90 days before the date of the election; ‘‘(B) once every week after the period de-scribed in subparagraph (A) and until the date that is 21 days before the election; and ‘‘(C) once every day after the period de-scribed in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(4) L
IMITATION ON REGULATIONS .—The Commission may not prescribe any regula-tions with respect to reporting under this subsection with respect to any election after the date that is 180 days before the date of such election. ‘‘(e) A
PPEALS .—The Commission shall pro-vide a written explanation with respect to any denial of any payment under this section and shall provide the opportunity for review and reconsideration within 5 business days of such denial. 
‘‘SEC. 524. POLITICAL ADVERTISING VOUCHERS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commission shall establish and administer a voucher program for the purchase of airtime on broadcasting stations for political advertisements in ac-cordance with the provisions of this section. ‘‘(b) C
ANDIDATES .—The Commission shall only disburse vouchers under the program established under subsection (a) to partici-pants certified pursuant to section 515 who have agreed in writing to keep and furnish to the Commission such records, books, and other information as it may require. ‘‘(c) A
MOUNTS .—The Commission shall dis-burse vouchers to each candidate certified under subsection (b) in an aggregate amount equal to the greater of— ‘‘(1) $100,000 multiplied by the number of congressional districts in the State with re-spect to which such candidate is running for office; or ‘‘(2) the amount determined by the Com-mission under section 531. ‘‘(d) U
SE.— ‘‘(1) E
XCLUSIVE USE .—Vouchers disbursed by the Commission under this section may be used only for the purchase of broadcast airtime for political advertisements relating to a general election for the office of Senate by the participating candidate to which the vouchers were disbursed, except that— ‘‘(A) a candidate may exchange vouchers with a political party under paragraph (2); and ‘‘(B) a political party may use vouchers only to purchase broadcast airtime for polit-ical advertisements for generic party adver-tising (as defined by the Commission in regu-lations), to support candidates for State or local office in a general election, or to sup-port participating candidates of the party in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.018 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4307 July 26, 2017 
a general election for Federal office, but only if it discloses the value of the voucher used as an expenditure under section 315(d). ‘‘(2) E
XCHANGE WITH POLITICAL PARTY COM -
MITTEE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A participating can-didate who receives a voucher under this sec-tion may transfer the right to use all or a portion of the value of the voucher to a com-mittee of the political party of which the in-dividual is a candidate (or, in the case of a participating candidate who is not a member of any political party, to a committee of the political party of that candidate’s choice) in exchange for money in an amount equal to the cash value of the voucher or portion ex-changed. ‘‘(B) C
ONTINUATION OF CANDIDATE OBLIGA -
TIONS .—The transfer of a voucher, in whole or in part, to a political party committee under this paragraph does not release the candidate from any obligation under the agreement made under subsection (b) or oth-erwise modify that agreement or its applica-tion to that candidate. ‘‘(C) P
ARTY COMMITTEE OBLIGATIONS .—Any political party committee to which a vouch-er or portion thereof is transferred under subparagraph (A)— ‘‘(i) shall account fully, in accordance with such requirements as the Commission may establish, for the receipt of the voucher; and ‘‘(ii) may not use the transferred voucher or portion thereof for any purpose other than a purpose described in paragraph (1)(B). ‘‘(D) V
OUCHER AS A CONTRIBUTION UNDER  
FECA .—If a candidate transfers a voucher or any portion thereof to a political party com-mittee under subparagraph (A)— ‘‘(i) the value of the voucher or portion thereof transferred shall be treated as a con-tribution from the candidate to the com-mittee, and from the committee to the can-didate, for purposes of sections 302 and 304; ‘‘(ii) the committee may, in exchange, pro-vide to the candidate only funds subject to the prohibitions, limitations, and reporting requirements of title III of this Act; and ‘‘(iii) the amount, if identified as a ‘vouch-er exchange’, shall not be considered a con-tribution for the purposes of sections 315 and 513. ‘‘(e) V
ALUE ; ACCEPTANCE ; REDEMPTION .— ‘‘(1) V
OUCHER .—Each voucher disbursed by the Commission under this section shall have a value in dollars, redeemable upon presentation to the Commission, together with such documentation and other informa-tion as the Commission may require, for the purchase of broadcast airtime for political advertisements in accordance with this sec-tion. ‘‘(2) A
CCEPTANCE .—A broadcasting station shall accept vouchers in payment for the purchase of broadcast airtime for political advertisements in accordance with this sec-tion. ‘‘(3) R
EDEMPTION .—The Commission shall redeem vouchers accepted by broadcasting stations under paragraph (2) upon presen-tation, subject to such documentation, verification, accounting, and application re-quirements as the Commission may impose to ensure the accuracy and integrity of the voucher redemption system. ‘‘(4) E
XPIRATION .— ‘‘(A) C
ANDIDATES .—A voucher may only be used to pay for broadcast airtime for polit-ical advertisements to be broadcast before midnight on the day before the date of the Federal election in connection with which it was issued and shall be null and void for any other use or purpose. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION FOR POLITICAL PARTY COM -
MITTEES .—A voucher held by a political party committee may be used to pay for broadcast airtime for political advertise-ments to be broadcast before midnight on December 31st of the odd-numbered year fol-lowing the year in which the voucher was issued by the Commission. ‘‘(5) VOUCHER AS EXPENDITURE UNDER  
FECA .—The use of a voucher to purchase broadcast airtime constitutes an expenditure as defined in section 301(9)(A). ‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) B
ROADCASTING STATION .—The term ‘broadcasting station’ has the meaning given that term by section 315(f)(1) of the Commu-nications Act of 1934. ‘‘(2) P
OLITICAL PARTY .—The term ‘political party’ means a major party or a minor party as defined in section 9002 (3) or (4) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 9002 (3) or (4)). ‘‘Subtitle D—Administrative Provisions 
‘‘SEC. 531. FAIR ELECTIONS OVERSIGHT BOARD. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established within the Federal Election Commission an entity to be known as the ‘Fair Elections Oversight Board’. ‘‘(b) S
TRUCTURE AND MEMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Board shall be com-posed of 5 members appointed by the Presi-dent by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, of whom— ‘‘(A) 2 shall be appointed after consultation with the majority leader of the Senate; ‘‘(B) 2 shall be appointed after consultation with the minority leader of the Senate; and ‘‘(C) 1 shall be appointed upon the rec-ommendation of the members appointed under subparagraphs (A) and (B). ‘‘(2) Q
UALIFICATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The members shall be individuals who are nonpartisan and, by rea-son of their education, experience, and at-tainments, exceptionally qualified to per-form the duties of members of the Board. ‘‘(B) P
ROHIBITION .—No member of the Board may be— ‘‘(i) an employee of the Federal Govern-ment; ‘‘(ii) a registered lobbyist; or ‘‘(iii) an officer or employee of a political party or political campaign. ‘‘(3) D
ATE.—Members of the Board shall be appointed not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. ‘‘(4) T
ERMS .—A member of the Board shall be appointed for a term of 5 years. ‘‘(5) V
ACANCIES .—A vacancy on the Board shall be filled not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which the Board is given notice of the vacancy, in the same manner as the original appointment. The individual ap-pointed to fill the vacancy shall serve only for the unexpired portion of the term for which the individual’s predecessor was ap-pointed. ‘‘(6) C
HAIRPERSON .—The Board shall des-ignate a Chairperson from among the mem-bers of the Board. ‘‘(c) D
UTIES AND POWERS .— ‘‘(1) A
DMINISTRATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Board shall have such duties and powers as the Commission may prescribe, including the power to ad-minister the provisions of this title. ‘‘(2) R
EVIEW OF FAIR ELECTIONS FINANCING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—After each general elec-tion for Federal office, the Board shall con-duct a comprehensive review of the Fair Elections financing program under this title, including— ‘‘(i) the maximum dollar amount of quali-fied small dollar contributions under section 501(11); ‘‘(ii) the maximum and minimum dollar amounts for qualifying contributions under section 501(10); ‘‘(iii) the number and value of qualifying contributions a candidate is required to ob-tain under section 512 to qualify for alloca-tions from the Fund; ‘‘(iv) the amount of allocations from the Fund that candidates may receive under sec-tion 522; ‘‘(v) the maximum amount of matching contributions a candidate may receive under section 523; ‘‘(vi) the amount and usage of vouchers under section 524; ‘‘(vii) the overall satisfaction of partici-pating candidates and the American public with the program; and ‘‘(viii) such other matters relating to fi-nancing of Senate campaigns as the Board determines are appropriate. ‘‘(B) CRITERIA FOR REVIEW .—In conducting the review under subparagraph (A), the Board shall consider the following: ‘‘(i) Q
UALIFYING CONTRIBUTIONS AND QUALI -
FIED SMALL DOLLAR CONTRIBUTIONS .—The Board shall consider whether the number and dollar amount of qualifying contribu-tions required and maximum dollar amount for such qualifying contributions and quali-fied small dollar contributions strikes a bal-ance regarding the importance of voter in-volvement, the need to assure adequate in-centives for participating, and fiscal respon-sibility, taking into consideration the num-ber of primary and general election partici-pating candidates, the electoral performance of those candidates, program cost, and any other information the Board determines is appropriate. ‘‘(ii) R
EVIEW OF PROGRAM BENEFITS .—The Board shall consider whether the totality of the amount of funds allowed to be raised by participating candidates (including through qualifying contributions and small dollar contributions), allocations from the Fund under section 522, matching contributions under section 523, and vouchers under sec-tion 524 are sufficient for voters in each State to learn about the candidates to cast an informed vote, taking into account the historic amount of spending by winning can-didates, media costs, primary election dates, and any other information the Board deter-mines is appropriate. ‘‘(C) A
DJUSTMENT OF AMOUNTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Based on the review con-ducted under subparagraph (A), the Board shall provide for the adjustments of the fol-lowing amounts: ‘‘(I) the maximum dollar amount of quali-fied small dollar contributions under section 501(11)(C); ‘‘(II) the maximum and minimum dollar amounts for qualifying contributions under section 501(10)(A); ‘‘(III) the number and value of qualifying contributions a candidate is required to ob-tain under section 512(a)(1); ‘‘(IV) the base amount for candidates under section 522(d); ‘‘(V) the maximum amount of matching contributions a candidate may receive under section 523(b); and ‘‘(VI) the dollar amount for vouchers under section 524(c). ‘‘(ii) R
EGULATIONS .—The Commission shall promulgate regulations providing for the ad-justments made by the Board under clause (i). ‘‘(D) R
EPORT .—Not later than March 30 fol-lowing any general election for Federal of-fice, the Board shall submit a report to Con-gress on the review conducted under para-graph (1). Such report shall contain a de-tailed statement of the findings, conclusions, and recommendations of the Board based on such review. ‘‘(d) M
EETINGS AND HEARINGS .— ‘‘(1) M
EETINGS .—The Board may hold such hearings, sit and act at such times and places, take such testimony, and receive such evidence as the Board considers advis-able to carry out the purposes of this Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.018 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4308 July 26, 2017 
‘‘(2) Q UORUM .—Three members of the Board shall constitute a quorum for purposes of voting, but a quorum is not required for members to meet and hold hearings. ‘‘(e) R
EPORTS .—Not later than March 30, 2019, and every 2 years thereafter, the Board shall submit to the Senate Committee on Rules and Administration a report docu-menting, evaluating, and making rec-ommendations relating to the administra-tive implementation and enforcement of the provisions of this title. ‘‘(f) A
DMINISTRATION .— ‘‘(1) C
OMPENSATION OF MEMBERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each member, other than the Chairperson, shall be paid at a rate equal to the daily equivalent of the min-imum annual rate of basic pay prescribed for level IV of the Executive Schedule under sec-tion 5315 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(B) C
HAIRPERSON .—The Chairperson shall be paid at a rate equal to the daily equiva-lent of the minimum annual rate of basic pay prescribed for level III of the Executive Schedule under section 5314 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(2) P
ERSONNEL .— ‘‘(A) D
IRECTOR .—The Board shall have a staff headed by an Executive Director. The Executive Director shall be paid at a rate equivalent to a rate established for the Sen-ior Executive Service under section 5382 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(B) S
TAFF APPOINTMENT .—With the ap-proval of the Chairperson, the Executive Di-rector may appoint such personnel as the Ex-ecutive Director and the Board determines to be appropriate. ‘‘(C) A
CTUARIAL EXPERTS AND CONSULT -
ANTS .—With the approval of the Chairperson, the Executive Director may procure tem-porary and intermittent services under sec-tion 3109(b) of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(D) D
ETAIL OF GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEES .— Upon the request of the Chairperson, the head of any Federal agency may detail, with-out reimbursement, any of the personnel of such agency to the Board to assist in car-rying out the duties of the Board. Any such detail shall not interrupt or otherwise affect the civil service status or privileges of the Federal employee. ‘‘(E) O
THER RESOURCES .—The Board shall have reasonable access to materials, re-sources, statistical data, and other informa-tion from the Library of Congress and other agencies of the executive and legislative branches of the Federal Government. The Chairperson of the Board shall make re-quests for such access in writing when nec-essary. ‘‘(g) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out the pur-poses of this subtitle. 
‘‘SEC. 532. ADMINISTRATION PROVISIONS. 
‘‘The Commission shall prescribe regula-tions to carry out the purposes of this title, including regulations— ‘‘(1) to establish procedures for— ‘‘(A) verifying the amount of valid quali-fying contributions with respect to a can-didate; ‘‘(B) effectively and efficiently monitoring and enforcing the limits on the raising of qualified small dollar contributions; ‘‘(C) monitoring the raising of qualifying multicandidate political committee con-tributions through effectively and efficiently monitoring and enforcing the limits on indi-vidual contributions to qualified accounts of multicandidate political committees; ‘‘(D) effectively and efficiently monitoring and enforcing the limits on the use of per-sonal funds by participating candidates; ‘‘(E) monitoring the use of allocations from the Fund and matching contributions under this title through audits or other mechanisms; and ‘‘(F) the administration of the voucher pro-gram under section 524; and ‘‘(2) regarding the conduct of debates in a manner consistent with the best practices of States that provide public financing for elec-tions. ‘‘SEC. 533. VIOLATIONS AND PENALTIES. 
‘‘(a) C IVILPENALTY FOR VIOLATION OF CON-
TRIBUTION AND EXPENDITURE REQUIRE -
MENTS .—If a candidate who has been cer-tified as a participating candidate under sec-tion 515(a) accepts a contribution or makes an expenditure that is prohibited under sec-tion 513, the Commission shall assess a civil penalty against the candidate in an amount that is not more than 3 times the amount of the contribution or expenditure. Any amounts collected under this subsection shall be deposited into the Fund. ‘‘(b) R
EPAYMENT FOR IMPROPER USE OF FAIR E
LECTIONS FUND.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Commission deter-mines that any benefit made available to a participating candidate under this title was not used as provided for in this title or that a participating candidate has violated any of the dates for remission of funds contained in this title, the Commission shall so notify the candidate and the candidate shall pay to the Fund an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) the amount of benefits so used or not remitted, as appropriate; and ‘‘(B) interest on any such amounts (at a rate determined by the Commission). ‘‘(2) O
THER ACTION NOT PRECLUDED .—Any action by the Commission in accordance with this subsection shall not preclude en-forcement proceedings by the Commission in accordance with section 309(a), including a referral by the Commission to the Attorney General in the case of an apparent knowing and willful violation of this title.’’. 
SEC. 103. PROHIBITION ON JOINT FUNDRAISING COMMITTEES. 
Section 302(e) of the Federal Election Cam-paign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30102(e)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) No authorized committee of a partici-pating candidate (as defined in section 501) may establish a joint fundraising committee with a political committee other than an au-thorized committee of a candidate.’’. 
SEC. 104. EXCEPTION TO LIMITATION ON CO-ORDINATED EXPENDITURES BY PO-LITICAL PARTY COMMITTEES WITH PARTICIPATING CANDIDATES. 
Section 315(d) of the Federal Election Cam-paign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30116(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3)(A), by striking ‘‘in the case of’’ and inserting ‘‘except as provided in paragraph (5), in the case of’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6)(A) The limitation under paragraph (3)(A) shall not apply with respect to any ex-penditure from a qualified political party- participating candidate coordinated expendi-ture fund. ‘‘(B) In this paragraph, the term ‘qualified political party-participating candidate co-ordinated expenditure fund’ means a fund es-tablished by the national committee of a po-litical party, or a State committee of a po-litical party, including any subordinate com-mittee of a State committee, for purposes of making expenditures in connection with the general election campaign of a candidate for election to the office of Senator who is a par-ticipating candidate (as defined in section 501), that only accepts qualified coordinated expenditure contributions. ‘‘(C) In this paragraph, the term ‘qualified coordinated expenditure contribution’ means, with respect to the general election campaign of a candidate for election to the office of Senator who is a participating can-didate (as defined in section 501), any con-tribution (or series of contributions)— ‘‘(i) which is made by an individual who is not prohibited from making a contribution under this Act; and ‘‘(ii) the aggregate amount of which does not exceed $500 per election.’’. TITLE II—IMPROVING VOTER INFORMATION SEC. 201. BROADCASTS RELATING TO ALL SEN-ATE CANDIDATES. 
(a) L OWEST UNITCHARGE ; NATIONAL COM-
MITTEES .—Section 315(b)(1) of the Commu-nications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 315(b)(1)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘to such office’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘to such office, or by a na-tional committee of a political party on be-half of such candidate in connection with such campaign,’’; and (2) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘for preemptible use thereof’’ after ‘‘station’’. (b) P
REEMPTION ; AUDITS .—Section 315 of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 315) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as subsections (f) and (g), respectively and moving them to follow the existing sub-section (e); (2) by redesignating the existing subsection (e) as subsection (c); and (3) by inserting after subsection (c) (as re-designated by paragraph (2)) the following: ‘‘(d) P
REEMPTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), and notwithstanding the re-quirements of subsection (b)(1)(A), a licensee shall not preempt the use of a broadcasting station by a legally qualified candidate for Senate who has purchased and paid for such use. ‘‘(2) C
IRCUMSTANCES BEYOND CONTROL OF LI -
CENSEE .—If a program to be broadcast by a broadcasting station is preempted because of circumstances beyond the control of the sta-tion, any candidate or party advertising spot scheduled to be broadcast during that pro-gram shall be treated in the same fashion as a comparable commercial advertising spot. ‘‘(e) A
UDITS .—During the 30-day period pre-ceding a primary or primary runoff election and the 60-day period preceding a general or special election, the Commission shall con-duct such audits as it deems necessary to en-sure that each licensee to which this section applies is allocating television broadcast ad-vertising time in accordance with this sec-tion and section 312.’’. (c) R
EVOCATION OF LICENSE FOR FAILURE TO  P
ERMIT ACCESS .—Section 312(a)(7) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 312(a)(7)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘or repeated’’; (2) by inserting ‘‘or cable system’’ after ‘‘broadcasting station’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘his candidacy’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the candidacy of the candidate, under the same terms, conditions, and business practices as apply to the most favored adver-tiser of the licensee’’. (d) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—Section 315 of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 315) is amended— (1) in subsection (f), as redesignated by subsection (b)(1)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘For purposes of this section—’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘D
EFINITIONS .— For purposes of this section:’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘the term’’ and inserting ‘‘B
ROADCASTING STATION .—The term’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a pe-riod; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.018 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4309 July 26, 2017 
(C) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the terms’’ and inserting ‘‘L
ICENSEE ; STATION LI -
CENSEE .—The terms’’; and (2) in subsection (g), as redesignated by subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘The Commis-sion’’ and inserting ‘‘R
EGULATIONS .—The Commission’’. 
SEC. 202. BROADCAST RATES FOR PARTICI-PATING CANDIDATES. 
Section 315(b) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 315(b)), as amended by sec-tion 201, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘para-graph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (2) and (3)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) P
ARTICIPATING CANDIDATES .—In the case of a participating candidate (as defined in section 501(9) of the Federal Election Cam-paign Act of 1971), the charges made for the use of any broadcasting station for a tele-vision broadcast shall not exceed 80 percent of the lowest charge described in paragraph (1)(A) during— ‘‘(A) the 45 days preceding the date of a primary or primary runoff election in which the candidate is opposed; and ‘‘(B) the 60 days preceding the date of a general or special election in which the can-didate is opposed. ‘‘(4) R
ATE CARDS .—A licensee shall provide to a candidate for Senate a rate card that discloses— ‘‘(A) the rate charged under this sub-section; and ‘‘(B) the method that the licensee uses to determine the rate charged under this sub-section.’’. 
SEC. 203. FCC TO PRESCRIBE STANDARDIZED FORM FOR REPORTING CANDIDATE CAMPAIGN ADS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Federal Communications Commission shall initiate a rulemaking proceeding to estab-lish a standardized form to be used by each broadcasting station, as defined in section 315(f) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 315(f)) (as redesignated by section 201(b)(1)), to record and report the purchase of advertising time by or on behalf of a can-didate for nomination for election, or for election, to Federal elective office. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The form prescribed by the Federal Communications Commission under subsection (a) shall require a broadcasting station to report to the Federal Communica-tions Commission and to the Federal Elec-tion Commission, at a minimum— (1) the station call letters and mailing ad-dress; (2) the name and telephone number of the station’s sales manager (or individual with responsibility for advertising sales); (3) the name of the candidate who pur-chased the advertising time, or on whose be-half the advertising time was purchased, and the Federal elective office for which he or she is a candidate; (4) the name, mailing address, and tele-phone number of the person responsible for purchasing broadcast political advertising for the candidate; (5) notation as to whether the purchase agreement for which the information is being reported is a draft or final version; and (6) with respect to the advertisement— (A) the date and time of the broadcast; (B) the program in which the advertise-ment was broadcast; and (C) the length of the broadcast airtime. (c) I
NTERNET ACCESS .—In its rulemaking under subsection (a), the Federal Commu-nications Commission shall require any broadcasting station required to file a report under this section that maintains an Inter-net website to make available a link to each such report on that website. TITLE III—RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE FEDERAL ELECTION COMMISSION SEC. 301. PETITION FOR CERTIORARI. 
Section 307(a)(6) of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30107(a)(6)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(including a pro-ceeding before the Supreme Court on certio-rari)’’ after ‘‘appeal’’. 
SEC. 302. FILING BY SENATE CANDIDATES WITH COMMISSION. 
Section 302(g) of the Federal Election Cam-paign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30102(g)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(g) F
ILING WITH THE COMMISSION .—All des- ignations, statements, and reports required to be filed under this Act shall be filed with the Commission.’’. 
SEC. 303. ELECTRONIC FILING OF FEC REPORTS. 
Section 304(a)(11) of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30104(a)(11)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘under this Act—’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘under this Act shall be required to main-tain and file such designation, statement, or report in electronic form accessible by com-puters.’’; (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘48 hours’’ and all that follows through ‘‘filed electronically)’’ and inserting ‘‘24 hours’’; and (3) by striking subparagraph (D). TITLE IV—PARTICIPATION IN FUNDING OF ELECTIONS 
SEC. 401. REFUNDABLE TAX CREDIT FOR SENATE CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subpart C of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (relating to refundable credits) is amended by inserting after section 36B the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 36C. CREDIT FOR SENATE CAMPAIGN CON-TRIBUTIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of an indi-vidual, there shall be allowed as a credit against the tax imposed by this subtitle an amount equal to 50 percent of the qualified My Voice Federal Senate campaign contribu-tions paid or incurred by the taxpayer during the taxable year. ‘‘(b) L
IMITATIONS .— ‘‘(1) D
OLLAR LIMITATION .—The amount of qualified My Voice Federal Senate campaign contributions taken into account under sub-section (a) for the taxable year shall not ex-ceed $50 (twice such amount in the case of a joint return). ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON CONTRIBUTIONS TO FED -
ERAL SENATE CANDIDATES .—No credit shall be allowed under this section to any taxpayer for any taxable year if such taxpayer made aggregate contributions in excess of $300 dur-ing the taxable year to— ‘‘(A) any single Federal Senate candidate, or ‘‘(B) any political committee established and maintained by a national political party. ‘‘(3) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION .—No credit shall be allowed under this section to any taxpayer unless the taxpayer provides the Secretary with such information as the Sec-retary may require to verify the taxpayer’s eligibility for the credit and the amount of the credit for the taxpayer. ‘‘(c) Q
UALIFIED MYVOICE FEDERAL SENATE  C
ONTRIBUTIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the term ‘My Voice Federal Senate campaign contribution’ means any contribu-tion of cash by an individual to a Federal Senate candidate or to a political committee established and maintained by a national po-litical party if such contribution is not pro-hibited under the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971. ‘‘(d) F
EDERAL SENATE CANDIDATE .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The term ‘Federal Sen-ate candidate’ means any candidate for elec-tion to the office of Senator. ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT OF AUTHORIZED COMMIT -
TEES.—Any contribution made to an author-ized committee of a Federal Senate can-didate shall be treated as made to such can-didate. ‘‘(e) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxable year beginning after 2019, the $50 amount under subsection (b)(1) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, deter-mined by substituting ‘calendar year 2018’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof. ‘‘(2) R
OUNDING .—If any amount as adjusted under subparagraph (A) is not a multiple of $5, such amount shall be rounded to the near-est multiple of $5.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 6211(b)(4)(A) of such Code is amended by inserting ‘‘36C,’’ after ‘‘36B,’’. (2) Section 1324(b)(2) of title 31, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘36C,’’ after ‘‘36B,’’. (3) The table of sections for subpart C of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 36B the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 36C. Credit for Senate campaign con-tributions.’’. (c) F
ORMS .—The Secretary of the Treasury, or his designee, shall ensure that the credit for contributions to Federal Senate can-didates allowed under section 36C of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986, as added by this section, may be claimed on Forms 1040EZ and 1040A. (d) A
DMINISTRATION .—At the request of the Secretary of the Treasury, the Federal Elec-tion Commission shall provide the Secretary of the Treasury with such information and other assistance as the Secretary may rea-sonably require to administer the credit al-lowed under section 36C of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986, as added by this section. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2018. TITLE V—REVENUE PROVISIONS 
SEC. 501. FAIR ELECTIONS FUND REVENUE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting after chapter 36 the following new chapter: ‘‘CHAPTER 37—TAX ON PAYMENTS PURSU-ANT TO CERTAIN GOVERNMENT CON-TRACTS ‘‘Sec. 4501. Imposition of tax. 
‘‘SEC. 4501. IMPOSITION OF TAX. 
‘‘(a) T AXIMPOSED .—There is hereby im-posed on any payment made to a qualified person pursuant to a contract with the Gov-ernment of the United States a tax equal to 0.50 percent of the amount paid. ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION .—The aggregate amount of tax imposed per contract under subsection (a) for any calendar year shall not exceed $500,000. ‘‘(c) Q
UALIFIED PERSON .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘qualified person’ means any person which— ‘‘(1) is not a State or local government, a foreign nation, or an organization described in section 501(c)(3) which is exempt from tax-ation under section 501(a), and ‘‘(2) has a contract with the Government of the United States with a value in excess of $10,000,000. ‘‘(d) P
AYMENT OF TAX.—The tax imposed by this section shall be paid by the person re-ceiving such payment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.018 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4310 July 26, 2017 
‘‘(e) U SE OF REVENUE GENERATED BY TAX.— It is the sense of the Senate that amounts equivalent to the revenue generated by the tax imposed under this chapter should be ap-propriated for the financing of a Fair Elec-tions Fund and used for the public financing of Senate elections.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of chapters of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to chapter 36 the following: ‘‘C
HAPTER 37—T AX ON PAYMENTS PURSUANT  
TOCERTAIN GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS ’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to contracts entered into after the date of the enactment of this Act. TITLE VI—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
SEC. 601. SEVERABILITY. 
If any provision of this Act or amendment made by this Act, or the application of a pro-vision or amendment to any person or cir-cumstance, is held to be unconstitutional, the remainder of this Act and amendments made by this Act, and the application of the provisions and amendment to any person or circumstance, shall not be affected by the holding. 
SEC. 602. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
Except as otherwise provided for in this Act, this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall take effect on January 1, 2019. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 232—SUP-PORTING THE INCLUSION AND MEANINGFUL ENGAGEMENT OF LATINOS IN ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AND CONSERVA-TION EFFORTS Mr. BENNET (for himself, Mr. H
ELL-
ER, Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. U DALL , Mr. C
OONS , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. H
EINRICH , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. C ARPER , Ms. S TABENOW , Ms. C
ANTWELL , Mrs. M URRAY , and Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources: 
S. R ES. 232 Whereas Latinos are the largest ethnic group in the United States, with more than 56,600,000 Latinos making up 17.6 percent of the population of the United States; Whereas the Latino community is pro-jected to grow to nearly 
1⁄4of the population of the United States by 2050; Whereas Latinos should have greater rep-resentation in the decisionmaking process relating to, and management of, public land; Whereas Latino conservation initiatives break down barriers, improve access to pub-lic land, and encourage outreach to, and new opportunities for, the Latino community to use public land; Whereas Latino conservation efforts can range from outdoor activities, such as hiking and kayaking, to educational activities and community gatherings; Whereas increased access to outdoor recre-ation opportunities encourages Latino fami-lies and youth to engage with the outdoors and demonstrate the commitment of the Latino families and youth to conservation; Whereas each person should have the op-portunity to discover his or her history, cul-ture, and heritage by exploring and experi-encing the public land of the United States; Whereas access to green spaces provides for healthier and more active lifestyles, which helps address numerous health disparity issues facing the Latino community, such as diabetes, obesity, and cardiovascular disease; Whereas the participation of Latinos in conservation efforts can encourage the inter-est and involvement of Latinos in careers in conservation; Whereas the people of the United States must ensure that the public land and natural surroundings of the United States are pro-tected for future generations; and Whereas the members of the largest ethnic group in the United States, as the environ-mental stewards of tomorrow, will play a significant role in securing the future suc-cess and preservation of the public land of the United States, especially as that group continues to grow: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the role of Latinos in pro-tecting and preserving the land, water, and wildlife of the United States; (2) supports the inclusion and meaningful engagement of Latinos in environmental protection and conservation efforts; and (3) encourages Latinos in the United States to participate in ceremonies, activities, and programs that engage the community in the outdoors and bring awareness to the impor-tance of conservation. f SENATE RESOLUTION 233—DESIG-NATING AUGUST 16, 2017, AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL AIRBORNE DAY’’ Mr. REED (for himself, Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. V AN H
OLLEN , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. T
ESTER ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 233 Whereas the members of the airborne forces of the Armed Forces of the United States have a long and honorable history as bold and fierce warriors who, for the na-tional security of the United States and the defense of freedom and peace, project the ground combat power of the United States by air transport to the far reaches of the bat-tle area and to the far corners of the world; Whereas, on June 25, 1940, experiments with airborne operations by the United States began when the Army Parachute Test Platoon was first authorized by the Depart-ment of War; Whereas, in July 1940, 48 volunteers began training for the Army Parachute Test Pla-toon; Whereas August 16 marks the anniversary of the first official Army parachute jump, which took place on August 16, 1940, to test the innovative concept of inserting United States ground combat forces behind a battle line by means of a parachute; Whereas the success of the Army Para-chute Test Platoon in the days immediately before the entry of the United States into World War II validated the airborne oper-ational concept and led to the creation of a formidable force of airborne formations that included the 11th, 13th, 17th, 82nd, and 101st Airborne Divisions; Whereas, included in those divisions, and among other separate formations, were many airborne combat, combat support, and combat service support units that served with distinction and achieved repeated suc-cess in armed hostilities during World War II; Whereas the achievements of the airborne units during World War II prompted the evo-lution of those units into a diversified force of parachute and air-assault units that, over the years, have fought in Korea, Vietnam, Grenada, Panama, the Persian Gulf region, and Somalia, and have engaged in peace-keeping operations in Lebanon, the Sinai Pe-ninsula, the Dominican Republic, Haiti, Bos-nia, and Kosovo; Whereas, since the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, the members of the United States airborne forces, including members of the XVIII Airborne Corps, the 82nd Airborne Division, the 101st Airborne Division, the 173rd Airborne Brigade Combat Team, the 4th Brigade Combat Team (Air-borne) of the 25th Infantry Division, the 75th Ranger Regiment, special operations forces of the Army, Marine Corps, Navy, and Air Force, and other units of the Armed Forces, have demonstrated bravery and honor in combat, stability, and training operations in Afghanistan and Iraq; Whereas the modern-day airborne forces also include other elite forces composed of airborne trained and qualified special oper-ations warriors, including Army Special Forces, Marine Corps Reconnaissance units, Navy SEALs, and Air Force combat control and pararescue teams; Whereas, of the members and former mem-bers of the United States airborne forces, thousands have achieved the distinction of making combat jumps, dozens have earned the Medal of Honor, and hundreds have earned the Distinguished Service Cross, the Silver Star, or other decorations and awards for displays of heroism, gallantry, intre-pidity, and valor; Whereas the members and former members of the United States airborne forces are all members of a proud and honorable tradition that, together with the special skills and achievements of those members, distin-guishes the members as intrepid combat parachutists, air assault forces, special oper-ation forces, and, in the past, glider troops; Whereas individuals from every State of the United States have served gallantly in the airborne forces, and each State is proud of the contributions of its paratrooper vet-erans during the many conflicts faced by the United States; Whereas the history and achievements of the members and former members of the United States airborne forces warrant spe-cial expressions of the gratitude of the peo-ple of the United States; and Whereas, since the airborne forces, past and present, celebrate August 16 as the anni-versary of the first official jump by the Army Parachute Test Platoon, August 16 is an appropriate day to recognize as National Airborne Day: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates August 16, 2017, as ‘‘National Airborne Day’’; and (2) calls on the people of the United States to observe National Airborne Day with ap-propriate programs, ceremonies, and activi-ties. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 281. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 282. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.018 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4311 July 26, 2017 
for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 283. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 284. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for rec-onciliation pursuant to title II of the concur-rent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 285. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 286. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 287. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 288. Mr. ENZI (for Mr. H
ELLER ) pro- posed an amendment to amendment SA 267 by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, supra. SA 289. Mr. DAINES submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 290. Ms. WARREN (for herself, Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. D URBIN , Ms. S TA-
BENOW , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and Mr. B
ROWN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 291. Ms. WARREN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 292. Ms. WARREN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 293. Ms. WARREN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 294. Ms. WARREN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 295. Ms. WARREN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 296. Ms. WARREN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 297. Ms. WARREN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 298. Ms. WARREN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 299. Ms. WARREN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 300. Ms. WARREN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 301. Ms. WARREN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 302. Ms. WARREN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 303. Ms. WARREN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 304. Ms. WARREN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 305. Ms. WARREN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 306. Ms. WARREN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 307. Ms. WARREN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 308. Ms. WARREN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 309. Ms. WARREN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 310. Ms. WARREN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 311. Ms. WARREN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 312. Ms. WARREN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 313. Ms. WARREN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 314. Ms. WARREN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 315. Ms. WARREN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 316. Ms. WARREN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 317. Ms. WARREN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 318. Ms. WARREN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 319. Ms. WARREN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 320. Ms. WARREN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 321. Mr. NELSON submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 322. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself, Mr. U
DALL , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 323. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 324. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. UDALL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 325. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 326. Mr. LANKFORD (for himself, Mr. C
RUZ, Mrs. F ISCHER , and Mr. I NHOFE ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 327. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Mr. S
ASSE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 328. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 329. Ms. BALDWIN (for herself, Mr. R
EED, Mr. K AINE, and Ms. W ARREN ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 330. Mr. TILLIS submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 331. Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 332. Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 333. Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. D
UR-
BIN, and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 334. Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 335. Mr. KING (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. C ASEY , Mrs. S HAHEEN , and Mr. C
OONS ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 336. Mr. KING (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , and Mrs. S HAHEEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 337. Mr. KING (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , and Mrs. S HAHEEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 338. Mr. KING (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , and Mrs. S HAHEEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 339. Mr. GRASSLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.022 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4312 July 26, 2017 
SA 340. Mr. McCONNELL (for Mr. D AINES ) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, supra. SA 341. Mr. UDALL (for himself, Ms. C
ANT-
WELL , Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. S CHATZ , Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. T ESTER , and Mr. M ERKLEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 342. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 343. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 344. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 345. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 346. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 347. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 348. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 349. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 350. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 351. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 352. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 353. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 354. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 355. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 356. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 357. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 358. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 359. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 360. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 361. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 362. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 363. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 364. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 365. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 366. Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. C ARPER , and Mrs. S HA-
HEEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 367. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 368. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 369. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 370. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 371. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 372. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 373. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 374. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 375. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 376. Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself, Mr. D
URBIN , Mrs. E RNST , and Mr. G RASSLEY ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 377. Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B OOKER , and Mr. H
EINRICH ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 378. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 379. Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. B ROWN , Ms. H
IRONO , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. M ENENDEZ , and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 380. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 381. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 382. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 383. Mr. FRANKEN (for himself, Mr. CORNYN , Ms. H EITKAMP , and Ms. B ALDWIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for de-fense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 384. Mr. MANCHIN (for himself, Mr. M
URPHY , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. K ING, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. N ELSON , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Ms. W
ARREN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursu-ant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 385. Mr. MANCHIN (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 386. Mr. MANCHIN (for himself, Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. K AINE, Mr. C OONS , and Mr. C
ASEY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 387. Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. C
AR-
PER, Mr. N ELSON , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. S
TABENOW , Ms. D UCKWORTH , and Mr. M
ARKEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 388. Mr. CRAPO (for himself and Mr. R
ISCH) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of En-ergy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 389. Mr. STRANGE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconcili-ation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 390. Mr. BLUNT submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 391. Mr. GRAHAM (for himself and Mr. C
ASSIDY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 281. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.025 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4313 July 26, 2017 
the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of title I, insert the following: 
SEC. 122. SMALL BUSINESS HEALTH PLANS. 
(a) T AXTREATMENT OF SMALL BUSINESS  H
EALTH PLANS .—A small business health plan (as defined in section 801(a) of the Em-ployee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974) shall be treated— (1) as a group health plan (as defined in section 2791 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg–91)) for purposes of applying title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg et seq.) and title XXII of such Act (42 U.S.C. 300bb–1); (2) as a group health plan (as defined in section 5000(b)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986), for purposes of applying sec-tions 4980B and 5000 and chapter 100 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986; and (3) as a group health plan (as defined in section 733(a)(1) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1191b(a)(1))) for purposes of applying parts 6 and 7 of title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1161 et seq.) (b) R
ULES .—Subtitle B of title I of the Em-ployee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1021 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new part: ‘‘PART 8—RULES GOVERNING SMALL BUSINESS RISK SHARING POOLS 
‘‘SEC. 801. SMALL BUSINESS HEALTH PLANS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of this part, the term ‘small business health plan’ means— ‘‘(1) a fully insured group health plan, of-fered by a health insurance issuer in the large group market; or ‘‘(2) a self-insured group health plan, whose sponsor is described in subsection (b). ‘‘(b) S
PONSOR .—The sponsor of a group health plan is described in this subsection if such sponsor— ‘‘(1) is a qualified sponsor and receives cer-tification by the Secretary; ‘‘(2) is organized and maintained in good faith, with a constitution or bylaws specifi-cally stating its purpose and providing for periodic meetings on at least an annual basis; ‘‘(3) is established as a permanent entity; and ‘‘(4) does not condition membership on the basis of a minimum group size. 
‘‘SEC. 802. FILING FEE AND CERTIFICATION OF SMALL BUSINESS HEALTH PLANS. 
‘‘(a) F ILING FEE.—A small business health plan shall pay to the Secretary at the time of filing an application for certification under subsection (b) a filing fee in the amount of $5,000, which shall be available to the Secretary for the sole purpose of admin-istering the certification procedures applica-ble with respect to small business health plans. ‘‘(b) C
ERTIFICATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this part, the Secretary shall prescribe by interim final rule a procedure under which the Secretary— ‘‘(A) will certify a qualified sponsor of a small business health plan, upon receipt of an application that includes the information described in paragraph (2); ‘‘(B) may provide for continued certifi-cation of small business health plans under this part; ‘‘(C) shall provide for the revocation of a certification if the applicable authority finds that the small business health plan involved fails to comply with the requirements of this part; ‘‘(D) shall conduct oversight of certified plan sponsors, including periodic review, and consistent with section 504, applying the re-quirements of sections 518, 519, and 520; and ‘‘(E) will consult with a State with respect to a small business health plan domiciled in such State regarding the Secretary’s author-ity under this part and other enforcement authority under sections 502 and 504. ‘‘(2) INFORMATION TO BE INCLUDED IN APPLI -
CATION FOR CERTIFICATION .—An application for certification under this part meets the requirements of this section only if it in-cludes, in a manner and form which shall be prescribed by the applicable authority by regulation, at least the following informa-tion: ‘‘(A) Identifying information. ‘‘(B) States in which the plan intends to do business. ‘‘(C) Bonding requirements. ‘‘(D) Plan documents. ‘‘(E) Agreements with service providers. ‘‘(3) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR CERTIFIED PLAN  
SPONSORS .—Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this part, the Secretary shall prescribe by interim final rule require-ments for certified plan sponsors that in-clude requirements regarding— ‘‘(A) structure and requirements for boards of trustees or plan administrators; ‘‘(B) notification of material changes; and ‘‘(C) notification for voluntary termi-nation. ‘‘(c) F
ILING NOTICE OF CERTIFICATION WITH S
TATES .—A certification granted under this part to a small business health plan offered by a health insurance issuer, as described in section 801(a)(1), shall not be effective unless written notice of such certification is filed by the plan sponsor with the applicable au-thority of each State in which the small business health plan operates. ‘‘(d) E
XPEDITED AND DEEMED CERTIFI -
CATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary fails to act on a complete application for certifi-cation under this section within 90 days of receipt of such complete application, the ap-plying small business health plan sponsor shall be deemed certified until such time as the Secretary may deny for cause the appli-cation for certification. ‘‘(2) P
ENALTY .—The Secretary may assess a penalty against the board of trustees, plan administrator, and plan sponsor (jointly and severally) of a small business health plan sponsor that is deemed certified under para-graph (1) of up to $500,000 in the event the Secretary determines that the application for certification of such small business health plan sponsor was willfully or with gross negligence incomplete or inaccurate. 
‘‘SEC. 803. PARTICIPATION AND COVERAGE RE-QUIREMENTS. 
‘‘(a) C OVERED EMPLOYERS AND INDIVID -
UALS .—The requirements of this subsection are met with respect to a small business health plan if, under the terms of the plan— ‘‘(1) each participating employer must be— ‘‘(A) a member of the sponsor; ‘‘(B) the sponsor; or ‘‘(C) an affiliated member of the sponsor, except that, in the case of a sponsor which is a professional association or other indi-vidual-based association, if at least one of the officers, directors, or employees of an employer, or at least one of the individuals who are partners in an employer and who ac-tively participates in the business, is a mem-ber or such an affiliated member of the spon-sor, participating employers may also in-clude such employer; ‘‘(2) a participating employer is not deemed to be a plan sponsor in applying re-quirements relating to coverage renewal; and ‘‘(3) all individuals commencing coverage under the plan after certification under this part must be— ‘‘(A) an active or retired owner (including a self-employed individual with or without employees), officer, director, or employee of, or partner in, a participating employer; ‘‘(B) an eligible individual; or ‘‘(C) a dependent of an individual described in subparagraph (A) or (B). ‘‘(b) PROHIBITION OF DISCRIMINATION  A
GAINST EMPLOYERS AND EMPLOYEES ELIGI-
BLE TO PARTICIPATE .—The requirements of this subsection are met with respect to a small business health plan if— ‘‘(1) under the terms of the plan, no par-ticipating employer may provide health in-surance coverage in the individual market for any employee not covered under the plan, if such exclusion of the employee from cov-erage under the plan is based on a health sta-tus-related factor with respect to the em-ployee and such employee would, but for such exclusion on such basis, be eligible for coverage under the plan; and ‘‘(2) information regarding all coverage op-tions available under the plan is made read-ily available to any employer eligible to par-ticipate. 
‘‘SEC. 804. DEFINITIONS; RENEWAL. 
‘‘For purposes of this part: ‘‘(1) A
FFILIATED MEMBER .—The term ‘affili-ated member’ means, in connection with a sponsor— ‘‘(A) a person who is otherwise eligible to be a member of the sponsor but who elects an affiliated status with the sponsor, or ‘‘(B) in the case of a sponsor with members which consist of associations, a person who is a member or employee of any such asso-ciation and elects an affiliated status with the sponsor. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICABLE AUTHORITY .—The term ‘ap-plicable authority’ means— ‘‘(A) with respect to a health insurance issuer in a State, the State insurance com-missioner or official or officials designated by the State to enforce the requirements of title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act for the State involved with respect to such issuer; and ‘‘(B) with respect to a group health plan, the Secretary of Labor. ‘‘(3) E
LIGIBLE INDIVIDUAL .—The term ‘eligi-ble individual’ means any individual who— ‘‘(A) is a member of a sponsor; and ‘‘(B)(i) is not employed or self-employed; or ‘‘(ii) is employed by an employer who does not offer the individual the option to enroll in a group health plan. ‘‘(4) F
RANCHISOR ; FRANCHISEE .—The terms ‘franchisor’ and ‘franchisee’ have the mean-ings given such terms for purposes of sec-tions 436.2(a) through 436.2(c) of title 16, Code of Federal Regulations (including any such amendments to such regulation after the date of enactment of this part) and, for pur-poses of this part, franchisor or franchisee employers participating in such a group health plan shall not be treated as the em-ployer, co-employer, or joint employer of the employees of another participating franchisor or franchisee employer for any purpose. ‘‘(5) H
EALTH PLAN TERMS .—The terms ‘group health plan’, ‘health insurance cov-erage’, and ‘health insurance issuer’ have the meanings given such terms in section 733. ‘‘(6) I
NDIVIDUAL MARKET .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘individual market’ means the market for health insur-ance coverage offered to individuals other than in connection with a group health plan. ‘‘(B) T
REATMENT OF VERY SMALL GROUPS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), such term includes coverage offered in con-nection with a group health plan that has fewer than 2 participants as current employ-ees or participants described in section 732(d)(3) on the first day of the plan year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.028 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4314 July 26, 2017 
‘‘(ii) S TATE EXCEPTION .—Clause (i) shall not apply in the case of health insurance cov-erage offered in a State if such State regu-lates the coverage described in such clause in the same manner and to the same extent as coverage in the small group market (as de-fined in section 2791(e)(5) of the Public Health Service Act) is regulated by such State. ‘‘(7) P
ARTICIPATING EMPLOYER .—The term ‘participating employer’ means, in connec-tion with a small business health plan, any employer, if any individual who is an em-ployee of such employer, a partner in such employer, or a self-employed individual who is such employer, including a self-employed individual with no additional employees (or any dependent, as defined under the terms of the plan, of such individual) is or was cov-ered under such plan in connection with the status of such individual as such an em-ployee, partner, or self-employed individual in relation to the plan.’’. (c) P
REEMPTION RULES .—Section 514 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1144) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f)(1) Except as provided in subsection (b)(4), the provisions of this title shall super-sede any and all State laws insofar as they may now or hereafter preclude a health in-surance issuer from offering health insur-ance coverage in connection with a small business health plan which is certified under part 8 or preclude a self-insured small busi-ness health plan which is certified under part 8 from operating. ‘‘(2) Nothing in subparagraph (1) shall be construed to limit the authority of a State to otherwise regulate health plans offered by a health insurance issuer in such State.’’. (d) P
LANSPONSOR .—Section 3(16)(B) of such Act (29 U.S.C. 102(16)(B)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘Such term also includes a person serving as the sponsor of a small business health plan under part 8.’’. (e) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Section 731(c) of such Act is amended by inserting ‘‘or part 8’’ after ‘‘this part’’. (f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. The Secretary of Labor shall first issue all regulations necessary to carry out the amendments made by this section within 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 282. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. 710. EXCEPTION TO INCREASE IN COST- SHARING REQUIREMENTS FOR TRICARE PHARMACY BENEFITS PRO-GRAM FOR BENEFICIARIES WHO LIVE MORE THAN 40 MILES FROM A MILITARY TREATMENT FACILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding para-graph (6) of section 1074g(a) of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 706(a), the Secretary of Defense may not in-crease after the date of the enactment of this Act any cost-sharing amounts under such paragraph with respect to covered bene-ficiaries described in subsection (b). (b) C
OVERED BENEFICIARIES DESCRIBED .— Covered beneficiaries described in this sub-section are eligible covered beneficiaries (as defined in section 1074g(g) of title 10, United States Code) who live more than 40 miles driving distance from the closest military treatment facility to the residence of the beneficiary. (c) REPORT ON EFFECT OF INCREASE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the potential effect, without regard to sub-section (a), of the increase in cost-sharing amounts under section 1074g(a)(6) of title 10, United States Code, on covered beneficiaries described in subsection (b). (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include an assessment of how much additional costs would be required of covered beneficiaries described in sub-section (b) per year as a result of increases in cost-sharing amounts described in such para-graph, including the average amount per in-dividual and the aggregate amount. 
SA 283. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XVI, add the following: 
SEC. 1630C. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON USE OF INTERGOVERNMENTAL PERSONNEL ACT MOBILITY PROGRAM AND DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE INFORMA-TION TECHNOLOGY EXCHANGE PRO-GRAM TO OBTAIN PERSONNEL WITH CYBER SKILLS AND ABILITIES FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Department of Defense should fully use the Intergovernmental Personnel Act Mobility Program (IPAMP) and the Depart-ment of Defense Information Technology Ex-change Program (ITEP) to obtain cyber per-sonnel across the Government by leveraging cyber capabilities found at the State and local government level and in the private sector in order to meet the needs of the De-partment for cybersecurity professionals; and (2) the Department should implement at the earliest practicable date a strategy that includes policies and plans to fully use such programs to obtain such personnel for the Department. 
SA 284. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. REDUCING MEDICAID FRAUD, WASTE, ABUSE, AND OTHER IMPROPER PAY-MENTS. 
Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, in consultation with the Comptroller General of the United States and representatives of State auditors, shall issue guidance establishing a national strategy for reducing fraud, waste, abuse, and other improper payments in Medicaid. SA 285. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. EXPLANATION OF BENEFITS. 
Subpart I of part A of title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C.300gg et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 2710. EXPLANATION OF BENEFITS. 
‘‘Each health insurance issuer offering health insurance coverage in the individual market or group market shall include the Current Procedural Terminology (‘CPT’) code with each explanation of benefits.’’. 
SA 286. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. EMERGENCY ROOM PHYSICIANS. 
The Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices shall promulgate regulations requiring hospitals to employ only emergency room physicians who have a contract with the same health insurance issuers with which the hospital has a contract. 
SA 287. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. WORK REQUIREMENT FOR NON-DISABLED, NONELDERLY, NONPREG-NANT INDIVIDUALS. 
Section 1902 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a), as previously amended, is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(oo) W
ORK REQUIREMENT FOR NON-
DISABLED , NONELDERLY , NONPREGNANT INDI-
VIDUALS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning October 1, 2017, subject to paragraph (3), States shall condition medical assistance to a non-disabled, nonelderly, nonpregnant individual under this title upon such an individual’s satisfaction of a work requirement (as de-fined in paragraph (2)). ‘‘(2) W
ORK REQUIREMENT DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘work requirement’ means, with respect to an individual, the individ-ual’s participation in work activities (as de-fined in section 407(d)) for such period of time as determined by the State, and as di-rected and administered by the State. ‘‘(3) R
EQUIRED EXCEPTIONS .—States may not apply a work requirement under this subsection to— ‘‘(A) a woman during pregnancy through the end of the month in which the 60-day pe-riod (beginning on the last day of her preg-nancy) ends; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.028 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4315 July 26, 2017 
‘‘(B) an individual who is under 19 years of age; ‘‘(C) an individual who is a regular partici-pant in a drug addiction or alcoholic treat-ment and rehabilitation program; ‘‘(D) an individual who is the only parent or caretaker relative in the family of a child who has not attained 6 years of age or who is the only parent or caretaker of a child with disabilities; or ‘‘(E) an individual who is married or a head of household and has not attained 20 years of age and who— ‘‘(i) maintains satisfactory attendance at secondary school or the equivalent; or ‘‘(ii) participates in education directly re-lated to employment.’’. 
SA 288. Mr. H ELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. SENSE OF THE SENATE. 
It is the Sense of the Senate that— (1) the committee of jurisdiction of the Senate— (A) should review the issue of Medicaid ex-pansion and coverage for low-income Ameri-cans, and the incentives such expansion pro-vides States for certain services; (B) should consider legislation that pro-vides incentives for States to prioritize Med-icaid services for individuals who have the greatest medical need, including individuals with disabilities; (C) should not consider legislation that re-duces or eliminates benefits or coverage for individuals who are currently eligible for Medicaid; (D) should not consider legislation that prevents or discourages a State from expand-ing its Medicaid program to include groups or individuals or types of services that are operational under current law; and (E) should not consider legislation that shifts costs to States to cover such care; (2) Obamacare should be repealed because it increases health care costs, limits patient choice of health plans and doctors, forces Americans to buy insurance that they do not want, cannot afford, or may not be able to access, and increases taxes on middle class families, which is evidenced by the facts that— (A) premiums for health plans offered on the Federal Exchange have doubled on aver-age over the last 4 years, and those increases are projected to continue; (B) 70 percent of counties have only a few options for Obamacare insurance in 2017, and at least 40 counties are expected to have zero insurers planning on their Exchange for 2018; (C) 2,300,000 Americans on the Exchange are projected to have only one insurer to choose from for plan year 2018; and (D) the Joint Committee on Taxation has identified significant and widespread tax in-creases on individuals earning less than$200,000; and (3) Obamacare should be replaced with pa-tient-centered legislation that— (A) provides access to quality, affordable private health care coverage for Americans and their families by increasing competition, State flexibility, and individual choice; and (B) strengthens Medicaid and empowers States through increased flexibility to best meet the needs of each State’s population. SA 289. Mr. DAINES submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 5, strike lines 20 through 22 and in-sert the following: (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to months beginning after December 31, 2013. (c) T
AXPAYER REFUND PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall implement a program under which taxpayers who have paid a penalty under section 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 for any taxable year receive 1 payment in refund of all such penalties paid, without regard to whether or not an amend-ed return is filed. Such payment shall be made not later than April 15, 2018. (2) W
AIVER OF STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS .— Solely for purposes of claiming the refund under paragraph (1), the period prescribed by section 6511(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 with respect to any payment of a pen-alty under section 5000A shall be extended until the date prescribed by law (including extensions) for filing the return of tax for the taxable year that includes December 31, 2017. 
SA 290. Ms. WARREN (for herself, Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. D URBIN , Ms. S
TABENOW , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. V AN H
OLLEN , and Mr. B ROWN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. NULLIFICATION OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS. 
The provisions of, and the amendments made by, this Act that would increase costs for community health centers, including by increasing the number of uninsured individ-uals or by reducing Federal funding of the Medicaid program that helps provide cov-erage for many patients receiving care at community health centers, shall be null and void and this Act shall be applied and admin-istered as if such provisions and amendments had never been enacted. 
SA 291. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. NULLIFICATION OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS. 
The provisions of, and the amendments made by, this Act that would lead to an in-creased likelihood of bankruptcies for Amer-ican families, including provisions that would allow insurers to impose annual or lifetime limits on insurance benefits or that would eliminate insurance coverage, shall be null and void and this Act shall be applied and administered as if such provisions and amendments had never been enacted. 
SA 292. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. NULLIFICATION OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS. 
The provisions of, and the amendments made by, this Act that would reduce funding for special education programs, including provisions that break President Trump’s promise not to cut Medicaid, shall be null and void and this Act shall be applied and administered as if such provisions and amendments had never been enacted. 
SA 293. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. NULLIFICATION OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS. 
The provisions of, and the amendments made by, this Act that would harm individ-uals with Alzheimer’s disease by increasing their premiums or cutting Federal Medicaid funding that supports those in nursing homes, shall be null and void and this Act shall be applied and administered as if such provisions and amendments had never been enacted. 
SA 294. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. NULLIFICATION OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS. 
The provisions of, and the amendments made by, this Act that would harm babies born prematurely by cutting Federal Med-icaid funding that supports medications, spe-cial equipment, and therapies to help these babies thrive and protect their family from bankruptcy, shall be null and void and this Act shall be applied and administered as if such provisions and amendments had never been enacted. 
SA 295. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. NULLIFICATION OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS. 
The provisions of, and the amendments made by, this Act that would reduce cov-erage for prescription drug benefits, lead to increased out-of-pocket prescription drug costs, or allow States to apply for waivers to drop prescription drug coverage from the list of essential health benefits, shall be null and void and this Act shall be applied and admin-istered as if such provisions and amendments had never been enacted. 
SA 296. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.029 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4316 July 26, 2017 
her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. NULLIFICATION OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS. 
The provisions of, and the amendments made by, this Act that would make it harder for a person with breast cancer to access health care, shall be null and void and this Act shall be applied and administered as if such provisions and amendments had never been enacted. 
SA 297. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. NULLIFICATION OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS. 
The provisions of, and the amendments made by, this Act that would make it harder for a person with cervical cancer to access health care, shall be null and void and this Act shall be applied and administered as if such provisions and amendments had never been enacted. 
SA 298. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. NULLIFICATION OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS. 
The provisions of, and the amendments made by, this Act that would make it harder for a victim of human trafficking to access health care, shall be null and void and this Act shall be applied and administered as if such provisions and amendments had never been enacted. 
SA 299. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. NULLIFICATION OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS. 
The provisions of, and the amendments made by, this Actt hat would make it harder for a pregnant woman to access health care, shall be null and void and this Act shall be applied and administered as if such provi-sions and amendments had never been en-acted. 
SA 300. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: SEC. lll. NULLIFICATION OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS. 
The provisions of, and the amendments made by, this Act that would make it harder for a victim of sexual violence to access health care, shall be null and void and this Act shall be applied and administered as if such provisions and amendments had never been enacted. 
SA 301. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. NULLIFICATION OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS. 
The provisions of, and the amendments made by, this Act that would threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for chil-dren with a rare disease shall be null and void and this Act shall be applied and admin-istered as if such provisions and amendments had never been enacted. 
SA 302. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. NULLIFICATION OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS. 
The provisions of, and the amendments made by, this Act that would threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for fos-ter children shall be null and void and this Act shall be applied and administered as if such provisions and amendments had never been enacted. 
SA 303. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. NULLIFICATION OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS. 
The provisions of, and the amendments made by, this Act that would threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple with a disability shall be null and void and this Act shall be applied and adminis-tered as if such provisions and amendments had never been enacted. 
SA 304. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. NULLIFICATION OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS. 
The provisions of, and the amendments made by, this Act that would threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple living in a nursing home shall be null and void and this Act shall be applied and admin-istered as if such provisions and amendments had never been enacted. SA 305. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. NULLIFICATION OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS. 
The provisions of, and the amendments made by, this Act that would threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple receiving home and community based services shall be null and void and this Act shall be applied and administered as if such provisions and amendments had never been enacted. 
SA 306. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. NULLIFICATION OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS. 
The provisions of, and the amendments made by, this Act that would threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple receiving long term services and supports shall be null and void and this Act shall be applied and administered as if such provi-sions and amendments had never been en-acted. 
SA 307. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. NULLIFICATION OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS. 
The provisions of, and the amendments made by, this Act that would threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple seeking treatment for opioid addiction shall be null and void and this Act shall be applied and administered as if such provi-sions and amendments had never been en-acted. 
SA 308. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. NULLIFICATION OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS. 
The provisions of, and the amendments made by, this Act that would threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple with any substance use disorder shall be null and void and this Act shall be applied and administered as if such provisions and amendments had never been enacted. 
SA 309. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.031 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4317 July 26, 2017 
her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. NULLIFICATION OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS. 
The provisions of, and the amendments made by, this Act that would threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple seeking mental health care shall be null and void and this Act shall be applied and administered as if such provisions and amendments had never been enacted. 
SA 310. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. NULLIFICATION OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS. 
The provisions of, and the amendments made by, this Act that would threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple with brain cancer shall be null and void and this Act shall be applied and adminis-tered as if such provisions and amendments had never been enacted. 
SA 311. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. NULLIFICATION OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS. 
The provisions of, and the amendments made by, this Act that would threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple receiving chemotherapy or radiation treatment shall be null and void and this Act shall be applied and administered as if such provisions and amendments had never been enacted. 
SA 312. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. NULLIFICATION OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS. 
The provisions of, and the amendments made by, this Act that would threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple living in a rural area shall be null and void and this Act shall be applied and admin-istered as if such provisions and amendments had never been enacted. 
SA 313. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. NULLIFICATION OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS. 
The provisions of, and the amendments made by, this Act that would threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for vet-erans shall be null and void and this Act shall be applied and administered as if such provisions and amendments had never been enacted. 
SA 314. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. NULLIFICATION OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS. 
The provisions of, and the amendments made by, this Act that would threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple over the age of 50 shall be null and void and this Act shall be applied and adminis-tered as if such provisions and amendments had never been enacted. 
SA 315. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. NULLIFICATION OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS. 
The provisions of, and the amendments made by, this Act that would threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple with ALS shall be null and void and this Act shall be applied and administered as if such provisions and amendments had never been enacted. 
SA 316. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. NULLIFICATION OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS. 
The provisions of, and the amendments made by, this Act that would threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple with multiple sclerosis shall be null and void and this Act shall be applied and admin-istered as if such provisions and amendments had never been enacted. 
SA 317. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. NULLIFICATION OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS. 
The provisions of, and the amendments made by, this Act that would threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple with diabetes shall be null and void and this Act shall be applied and administered as if such provisions and amendments had never been enacted. SA 318. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. NULLIFICATION OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS. 
The provisions of, and the amendments made by, this Act that would threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple receiving Social Security benefits, in-cluding SSI and SSDI shall be null and void and this Act shall be applied and adminis-tered as if such provisions and amendments had never been enacted. 
SA 319. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. NULLIFICATION OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS. 
The provisions of, and the amendments made by, this Act that would threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple with heart disease shall be null and void and this Act shall be applied and adminis-tered as if such provisions and amendments had never been enacted. 
SA 320. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. NULLIFICATION OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS. 
The provisions of, and the amendments made by, this Act that would threaten to make health insurance unaffordable for peo-ple with prostate cancer shall be null and void and this Act shall be applied and admin-istered as if such provisions and amendments had never been enacted. 
SA 321. Mr. NELSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. llll. HEALTHCARE FRAUD REMOVAL. 
(a) 10- YEAR PROHIBITION ON DEDUCTION OF  T
RADE OR BUSINESS EXPENSES FOR BUSI-
NESSES ENGAGED IN FRAUD OR ILLEGAL  T
RANSACTIONS .—Subsection (c) of section 162 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) 10-
YEAR PROHIBITION ON DEDUCTION OF  
TRADE OR BUSINESS EXPENSES .—In the case of a taxpayer subject to a criminal penalty for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.033 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4318 July 26, 2017 
engaging in fraud, an illegal bribe or kick-back, or any other illegal transaction (as such term is defined by the Secretary) under any law of the United States, or under any law of a State (but only if such State law is generally enforced), no deduction shall be al-lowed under subsection (a) for any taxable year during the 10-year period subsequent to the date on which such criminal penalty was imposed.’’. (b) H
EALTH CARE FRAUD PENALTIES .—Sec- tion 1347(a) of title 18, United States Code, is amended, in the undesignated matter fol-lowing paragraph (2)— (1) by striking ‘‘10 years’’ and inserting ‘‘15 years’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘20 years’’ and inserting ‘‘25 years’’. (c) E
STABLISHMENT OF HEALTH CAREFRAUD  E
XCISE TAX.— (1) H
EALTH CARE FRAUD EXCISE TAX .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter C of chapter 100 of subtitle K of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 9835. HEALTH CARE FRAUD EXCISE TAX. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of any pay-ment relating to health care benefits, items, or services which is made by health insur-ance issuer (as defined in section 9832(c)(2)) to a person engaged in a violation of section 1347(a) of title 18, United States Code, there is hereby imposed a tax equal to 20 percent of such payment. ‘‘(b) N
OKNOWLEDGE REQUIREMENT .—With respect the tax imposed under subsection (a), the health insurance issuer shall not be re-quired to have knowledge of the violation under section 1347(a) of title 18, United States Code.’’. (B) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for such subchapter is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 9835. Health care fraud excise tax.’’. (C) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this paragraph shall apply to pay-ments made after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) H
EALTH CARE FRAUD TRUST FUND .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter A of chapter 98 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following section: 
‘‘SEC. 9512. HEALTH CARE FRAUD TRUST FUND. 
‘‘(a) C REATION OF TRUST FUND.—There is established in the Treasury of the United States a trust fund to be known as the ‘Health Care Fraud Trust Fund’, consisting of any amount appropriated or credited to the Trust Fund as provided in this section or section 9602(b). ‘‘(b) T
RANSFERS TO TRUST FUND.—There is hereby appropriated to the Health Care Fraud Trust Fund amounts equivalent to the revenues received in the Treasury from the tax imposed by section 9835. ‘‘(c) E
XPENDITURES .—Amounts in the Health Care Fraud Trust Fund shall be avail-able, without further appropriation, to the Secretary of Health and Human Services for providing grants to— ‘‘(1) local law enforcement authorities for health care fraud prevention efforts, with priority given to authorities operating in areas experiencing high rates of health care fraud or drug abuse, and ‘‘(2) qualified drug addiction treatment centers. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .— ‘‘(1) L
OCAL LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITY .— The term ‘local law enforcement authority’ means any officially recognized law enforce-ment agency legally organized under a polit-ical subdivision of a state or possession of the United States. 
SA 322. Mr. HEINRICH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD DECREASE MED-ICAID OR CHIP ENROLLMENT OF CHILDREN. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that, as determined by the Di-rector of the Congressional Budget Office, would result in a decrease in the number of children enrolled in Medicaid under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) or the Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram under title XXI of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1397aa et seq.). (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 323. Mr. HEINRICH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD AFFECT AD-VERSELY IMPACT UNINSURED INDI-VIDUALS IN RURAL AREAS,. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would result in an in-crease in the rate of uninsured individuals in rural areas, a decrease in Medicaid enroll-ment or a reduction in the scope of Medicaid benefits offered in rural areas, reduced wages or a shortage of employment opportunities in the health care profession for prospective employees and previously insured individ-uals living in rural areas, or a decrease in revenue or Federal funds available to rural health care providers, including hospitals, clinics, and community health centers. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 324. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XXXI, add the following: SEC. 3116. PLUTONIUM CAPABILITIES. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator for Nuclear Security shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees, the Secretary of Defense, and the Direc-tor of Cost Assessment and Program Evalua-tion of the Department of Defense a report on the recommended alternative endorsed by the Administrator for recapitalization of plutonium science and production capabili-ties of the nuclear security enterprise. The report shall identify the recommended alter-native endorsed by the Administrator and contain the analysis of alternatives, includ-ing costs, upon which the Administrator re-lied in making such endorsement. (b) C
ERTIFICATION .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the Secretary of De-fense receives the notification under sub-section (a), the Chairman of the Nuclear Weapons Council shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees the written certification of the Chairman regarding whether the recommended alternative en-dorsed by the Administrator— (1) is acceptable to the Secretary of De-fense and the Nuclear Weapons Council and meets the requirements of the Secretary for plutonium pit production capacity and capa-bility; (2) is likely to meet the pit production timelines and milestones required by section 4219 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2538a); (3) is likely to meet pit production timelines and requirements responsive to military requirements; (4) is cost effective and has reasonable near-term and lifecycle costs that are mini-mized, to the extent practicable, as com-pared to other alternatives, and has tested and documented the sensitivity of the cost estimates for each alternative to risks and changes in key assumptions; (5) contains minimized and manageable risks as compared to other alternatives; (6) can be acceptably reconciled with any differences in the conclusions made by the Office of Cost Assessment and Program Eval-uation of the Department of Defense in the business case analysis of plutonium pit pro-duction capability issued in 2013; and (7) has documented the assumptions and constraints used in the analysis of alter-natives. (c) F
AILURE TO CERTIFY .—If the Chairman is unable to submit the certification under subsection (b), the Chairman shall submit to the congressional defense committees and the Administrator written notification de-scribing why the Chairman is unable to make such certification. (d) A
SSESSMENT .—Not later than 120 days after the date on which the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation re-ceives the notification under subsection (a), the Director shall provide to the congres-sional defense committees a briefing con-taining the assessment of the Director of the analysis of alternatives conducted by the Ad-ministrator to select a preferred alternative for recapitalizing plutonium science and pro-duction capabilities. 
SA 325. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.035 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4319 July 26, 2017 
At the end of subtitle E of title X, add the following: 
SEC. lll. AIR FORCE PILOT PROGRAM ON EDU-CATION AND TRAINING AND CER-TIFICATION OF SECONDARY AND POST-SECONDARY STUDENTS AS AIRCRAFT TECHNICIANS. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Air Force shall carry out a pilot program to as-sess the feasability and advisability of— (A) providing education and training to secondary and post-secondary students in the skills and qualifications required to lead to certification as an aircraft technician for the Air Force with skills levels 3-5; and (B) certifying individuals who successfully complete education and training under the pilot program as aircraft technicians for the Air Force at the applicable skill level. (2) D
ESIGNATION .—The pilot program car-ried out pursuant to this section may be known as the ‘‘Air Force Dual Credit Main-tainers Program’’ (in this section, referred to as the ‘‘pilot program’’). (b) E
LIGIBLE PARTICIPANTS .—Individuals el-igible to participate in the pilot program are individuals in secondary or post-secondary school who— (1) have education, skills, or both appro-priate for further education and training leading to certification as an aircraft techni-cian of the Air Force; and (2) seek to pursue education and training under the pilot program in order to become certified as aircraft technicians of the Air Force. (c) S
ECONDARY SCHOOLS AND INSTITUTIONS  
OFHIGHER EDUCATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program through secondary schools and institutions of higher education selected by the Secretary for purposes of the pilot program. (2) L
OCATIONS .—The secondary schools and institutions of higher education selected pur-suant to paragraph (1) shall, to the extent practicable, be located in the vicinity of in-stallations of the Air Force at which there is, or is anticipated to be, a shortfall in air-craft technicians with skill levels 3-5. (3) C
OORDINATION .—The pilot program may be carried out at a secondary school only with the approval of the local educational agency concerned. The pilot program may be carried out at an institution of higher edu-cation only with the approval of the board of trustees or other appropriate leadership of the institution. (4) G
RANTS .—In carrying out the pilot pro-gram, the Secretary may award a grant to any secondary school or institution of higher education participating in the pilot program for purposes of providing education and training under the pilot program. (d) C
URRICULUM AND ASSOCIATED EQUIP-
MENT .—In carrying out the pilot program, the Secretary shall support curriculum de-velopment by secondary and post-secondary educational institutions, and any associated training equipment, to be used in providing education and training under the pilot pro-gram. (e) E
MPLOYMENT AS AIRFORCE AIRCRAFT  T
ECHNICIANS .—As part of the pilot program, the Secretary may employ, and may afford an emphasis on employment, in the Depart-ment of the Air Force as aircraft technicians of the Air Force any individuals who obtain certification under the pilot program as air-craft technicians of the Air Force. (f) S
UNSET .—The authority of the Sec-retary to carry out the pilot program shall expire on the date that is five years after the date of the enactment of this Act. Expiration of the authority to carry out the pilot pro-gram shall not be construed to require the termination of any education or training, or the provision of any certifications, for indi-viduals participating in education or train-ing under the pilot program on the date of the expiration of authority to carry out the pilot program (g) FUNDING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Defense by this division is hereby increased by $5,000,000, with the amount of the increase to be available for the pilot program, including for the award of grants pursuant to subsection (c)(4) and for support of the development of curriculum and training equipment pursuant to sub-section (d) (2) O
FFSET .—The amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2018 by section 301 is hereby reduced by $5,000,000, with the amount of the reduction to be applied against amounts available for operation and maintenance, Defense-wide, for SAG 4GTV Office of the Inspector General. 
SA 326. Mr. LANKFORD (for himself, Mr. C
RUZ, Mrs. F ISCHER , and Mr. I
NHOFE ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lllll. JUDGMENT FUND TRANS-PARENCY. 
(a) T RANSPARENCY REQUIREMENT .—Section 1304 of title 31, United States Code, is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d)(1) Unless the disclosure of such infor-mation is otherwise prohibited by law (other than section 552a of title 5) or court order, the Secretary of the Treasury shall make available to the public on a website, as soon as practicable, but not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary makes a payment under this section, the following information with regard to that payment: ‘‘(A) The name of the specific agency or en-tity whose actions gave rise to the claim or judgment. ‘‘(B) The name of the plaintiff or claimant who is 18 years or older. ‘‘(C) The name of counsel for the plaintiff or claimant. ‘‘(D) The amount paid representing prin-cipal liability, and any amounts paid rep-resenting any ancillary liability, including attorney fees, costs, and interest. ‘‘(E) A brief description of the facts that gave rise to the claim. ‘‘(F) The name of the agency that sub-mitted the claim. ‘‘(2) In addition to the information de-scribed in paragraph (1), if a payment under this section is made to a foreign state, the Secretary of the Treasury shall make avail-able to the public in accordance with para-graph (1), the following information with re-gard to that payment: ‘‘(A) A description of the method of pay-ment. ‘‘(B) A description of the currency denomi-nations used for the payment. ‘‘(C) The name and location of each finan-cial institution owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by a foreign state or an agent of a foreign state to which the payment was disbursed, including any financial institu-tion owned or controlled, directly or indi-rectly, by a foreign state or an agent of a foreign state that is holding the payment as of the date on which the information is made available. ‘‘(3) In this subsection, the term ‘foreign state’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 1603 of title 28. ‘‘(e) No payment may be made under this section to a state sponsor of terrorism, as de-fined in section 1605A(h) of title 28.’’. (b) IMPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall carry out the amendment made by this section not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SA 327. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Mr. S
ASSE) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2018 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. lll. SYRIA STUDY GROUP. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is hereby es-tablished a working group to be known as the ‘‘Syria Study Group’’ (in this section re-ferred to as the ‘‘Group’’). (b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the Group is to examine and make recommendations with respect to the military and diplomatic strat-egy of the United States with respect to the conflict in Syria. (c) C
OMPOSITION .— (1) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Group shall be com-posed of 8 members appointed as follows: (A) One member appointed by the chair of the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate. (B) One member appointed by the ranking minority member of the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate. (C) One member appointed by the chair of the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. (D) One member appointed by the ranking minority member of the Committee on For-eign Relations of the Senate. (E) One member appointed by the chair of the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. (F) One member appointed by the ranking minority member of the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representa-tives. (G) One member appointed by the chair of the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (H) One member appointed by the ranking minority member of the Committee on For-eign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (2) C
O-CHAIRS .— (A) The chair of the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate, the chair of the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives, the chair of the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the chair of the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives shall jointly designate one member of the Group to serve as co-chair of the Group. (B) The ranking minority member of the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate, the ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives, the ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the ranking minority member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives shall jointly designate one member of the Group to serve as co-chair of the Group. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.036 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4320 July 26, 2017 
(3) P ERIOD OF APPOINTMENT ; VACANCIES .— Members shall be appointed for the life of the Group. Any vacancy in the Group shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. (d) D
UTIES .— (1) R
EVIEW .—The Group shall review the current situation with respect to the United States military and diplomatic strategy in Syria, including a review of current United States objectives in Syria and the desired end state in Syria. (2) A
SSESSMENT AND RECOMMENDATIONS .— The Group shall— (A) conduct a comprehensive assessment of the current situation in Syria, its impact on neighboring countries, resulting regional and geopolitical threats to the United States, and current military, diplomatic, and polit-ical efforts to achieve a stable Syria; and (B) develop recommendations on a military and diplomatic strategy for the United States with respect to the conflict in Syria. (e) C
OOPERATION FROMUNITED STATES GOV-
ERNMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Group shall receive the full and timely cooperation of the Sec-retary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the Director of National Intelligence in providing the Group with analyses, briefings, and other information necessary for the dis-charge of the duties of the Group. (2) L
IAISON .—The Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the Director of Na-tional Intelligence shall each designate at least one officer or employee of their respec-tive organizations to serve as a liaison offi-cer to the Group. (f) R
EPORT .— (1) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than Sep-tember 30, 2018, the Group shall submit to the President, the Secretary of Defense, the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate, the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on the findings, conclusions, and recommendations of the Group under this section. The report shall do each of the following: (A) Assess the current security, political, humanitarian, and economic situation in Syria. (B) Assess the current participation and objectives of various external actors in Syria. (C) Assess the consequences of continued conflict in Syria. (D) Provide recommendations for a diplo-matic resolution of the conflict in Syria, in-cluding options for a gradual political tran-sition to a post-Assad Syria and actions nec-essary for reconciliation. (E) Provide a roadmap for a United States and coalition strategy to reestablish secu-rity and governance in Syria, including rec-ommendations for the synchronization of stabilization, development, counterter-rorism, and reconstruction efforts. (F) Address any other matters with respect to the conflict in Syria that the Group con-siders appropriate. (2) I
NTERIM BRIEFING .—Not later than June 30, 2018, the Group shall provide to the Com-mittees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a briefing on the status of its review and assessment under subsection (d), together with a discus-sion of any interim recommendations devel-oped by the Group as of the date of the brief-ing. (3) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report submitted to Congress under paragraph (1) shall be sub-mitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (g) F
ACILITATION .—The United States Insti-tute of Peace shall take appropriate actions to facilitate the Group in the discharge of its duties under this section. (h) TERMINATION .—The Group shall termi-nate six months after the date on which it submits the report required by subsection (f)(1). (i) F
UNDING .—Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Defense by this Act, $1,500,000 is available to fund the activities of the Group. 
SA 328. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. FOREIGN AGENTS REGISTRATION. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Foreign Agents Registration Modernization and Enforcement Act’’. (b) C
IVIL INVESTIGATIVE DEMAND AUTHOR -
ITY.—The Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938 (22 U.S.C. 611 et seq.) is amended— (1) by redesignating sections 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, and 14 as sections 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, and 16, respectively; and (2) by inserting after section 7 (22 U.S.C. 617) the following: ‘‘
CIVIL INVESTIGATIVE DEMAND AUTHORITY  ‘‘S
EC. 8. (a) Whenever the Attorney General has reason to believe that any person or en-terprise may be in possession, custody, or control of any documentary material rel-evant to an investigation under this Act, the Attorney General, before initiating a civil or criminal proceeding with respect to the pro-duction of such material, may serve a writ-ten demand upon such person to produce such material for examination. ‘‘(b) Each such demand under subsection (a) shall— ‘‘(1) state the nature of the conduct consti-tuting the alleged violation which is under investigation and the provision of law appli-cable to such violation; ‘‘(2) describe the class or classes of docu-mentary material required to be produced under such demand with such definiteness and certainty as to permit such material to be fairly identified; ‘‘(3) state that the demand is immediately returnable or prescribe a return date which will provide a reasonable period within which the material may be assembled and made available for inspection and copying or reproduction; and ‘‘(4) identify the custodian to whom such material shall be made available. ‘‘(c) A demand under subsection (a) may not— ‘‘(1) contain any requirement that would be considered unreasonable if contained in a subpoena duces tecum issued by a court of the United States in aid of grand jury inves-tigation of such alleged violation; or ‘‘(2) require the production of any docu-mentary evidence that would be privileged from disclosure if demanded by a subpoena duces tecum issued by a court of the United States in aid of a grand jury investigation of such alleged violation.’’. (c) I
NFORMATIONAL MATERIALS .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 1 of the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938, as amended (22 U.S.C. 611) is amended— (A) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘Expect as provided in subsection (d) hereof,’’ and in-serting ‘‘Except as provided in subsection (d),’’; and (B) by inserting after subsection (i) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(j) The term ‘informational materials’ means any oral, visual, graphic, written, or pictorial information or matter of any kind, including matter published by means of ad-vertising, books, periodicals, newspapers, lectures, broadcasts, motion pictures, or any means or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce or otherwise.’’. (2) INFORMATIONAL MATERIALS .—Section 4 of the such Act (22 U.S.C. 614) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by inserting ‘‘, including electronic mail and social media,’’ after ‘‘United States mails’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘, not later than forty- eight hours after the beginning of the trans-mittal thereof, file with the Attorney Gen-eral two copies thereof’’ and inserting ‘‘file such materials with the Attorney General in conjunction with, and at the same intervals as, disclosures required under section 2(b).’’; and (B) in subsection (b)— (i) by striking ‘‘It shall’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), it shall’’; and (ii) by inserting at the end the following: ‘‘(2) Foreign agents described in paragraph (1) may omit disclosure required under that paragraph in individual messages, posts, or transmissions on social media on behalf of a foreign principal if the social media account or profile from which the information is sent includes a conspicuous statement that— ‘‘(A) the account is operated by, and dis-tributes information on behalf of, the foreign agent; and ‘‘(B) additional information about the ac-count is on file with the Department of Jus-tice in Washington, District of Columbia. ‘‘(3) Informational materials disseminated by an agent of a foreign principal as part of an activity that is exempt from registration, or an activity which by itself would not re-quire registration, need not be filed under this subsection.’’. (d) F
EES.— (1) R
EPEAL .—The Department of Justice and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 1993 (title I of Public Law 102–395) is amend-ed, under the heading ‘‘
SALARIES AND EX -
PENSES , GENERAL LEGAL ACTIVITIES ’’, by striking ‘‘In addition, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, for fiscal year 1993 and there-after, the Attorney General shall establish and collect fees to recover necessary ex-penses of the Registration Unit (to include salaries, supplies, equipment and training) pursuant to the Foreign Agents Registration Act, and shall credit such fees to this appro-priation, to remain available until ex-pended.’’. (2) R
EGISTRATION FEE .—The Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938, as amended (22 U.S.C. 611 et seq.), as amended by this Act, is further amended by adding after section 14, as redesignated by subsection (b)(1), the fol-lowing: ‘‘
FEES ‘‘S
EC. 15. The Attorney General shall— ‘‘(1) establish and collect a registration fee, as part of the initial filing requirement, to help defray the expenses of the FARA Registration Unit; and ‘‘(2) credit such fees to the amount appro-priated to carry out the activities of the Na-tional Security Division, which shall remain available until expended.’’. (e) R
EPORTS TO CONGRESS .—Section 12 of the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938, as amended, as redesignated by subsection (b)(1), is amended to read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.036 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4321 July 26, 2017 
‘‘REPORTS TO CONGRESS  ‘‘S
EC. 12. The Assistant Attorney General for National Security, through the FARA Registration Unit of the National Security Division, shall submit a semiannual report to Congress regarding the administration of this Act. Each report under this section shall include, for the applicable reporting period, the identification of— ‘‘(1) registrations filed pursuant to this Act; ‘‘(2) the nature, sources, and content of po-litical propaganda disseminated and distrib-uted by agents of foreign principal; ‘‘(3) the number of investigations initiated based upon a perceived violation of section 8; and ‘‘(4) the number of such investigations that were referred to the Attorney General for prosecution.’’. 
SA 329. Ms. BALDWIN (for herself, Mr. R
EED, Mr. K AINE, and Ms. W ARREN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title VIII, add following: 
SEC. lll. SUPPORT OF AMERICA’S DEFENSE WORKERS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Supporting America’s Defense Workers Act’’. (b) I
NEFFECTIVENESS OF SECTION 863.—Sec- tion 863 shall have no force or effect, and the amendments specified in section 863 shall not be made. 
SA 330. Mr. TILLIS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 104, line 15, strike ‘‘mental health services’’ and insert ‘‘mental health services for conditions that are defined in the Diag-nostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Dis-orders at the time of the enrollee’s diagnosis, including Autism Spectrum Disorder,’’. 
SA 331. Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for rec-onciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 102, strike line 1 and all that follows through page 104, line 12, and in-sert the following: 
SEC. 203. EXPANSION AND MODIFICATION OF CREDIT FOR EMPLOYEE HEALTH IN-SURANCE EXPENSES OF SMALL EM-PLOYERS. 
(a) E XPANSION OF DEFINITION OF ELIGIBLE  S
MALL EMPLOYER .—Subparagraph (A) of sec-tion 45R(d)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘25’’ and in-serting ‘‘50’’. (b) A
MENDMENT TO PHASEOUT DETERMINA -
TION.—Subsection (c) of section 45R of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) PHASEOUT OF CREDIT AMOUNT BASED ON  N
UMBER OF EMPLOYEES AND AVERAGE  W
AGES .—The amount of the credit deter-mined under subsection (b) (without regard to this subsection) shall be adjusted (but not below zero) by multiplying such amount by the product of— ‘‘(1) the lesser of— ‘‘(A) a fraction the numerator of which is the excess (if any) of 50 over the total num-ber of full-time equivalent employees of the employer and the denominator of which is 30, and ‘‘(B) 1, and ‘‘(2) the lesser of— ‘‘(A) a fraction— ‘‘(i) the numerator of which is the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(I) the dollar amount in effect under sub-section (d)(3)(B) for the taxable year, multi-plied by 3, over ‘‘(II) the average annual wages of the em-ployer for such taxable year, and ‘‘(ii) the denominator of which is the dollar amount so in effect under subsection (d)(3)(B), multiplied by 2, and ‘‘(B) 1.’’. (c) E
XTENSION OF CREDIT PERIOD .—Para- graph (2) of section 45R(e) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘2-consecutive-taxable year period’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘3-consecutive- taxable year period beginning with the 1st taxable year beginning after 2016 in which— ‘‘(A) the employer (or any predecessor) of-fers 1 or more qualified health plans to its employees through an Exchange, and ‘‘(B) the employer (or any predecessor) claims the credit under this section.’’. (d) A
VERAGE ANNUAL WAGE LIMITATION .— Subparagraph (B) of section 45R(d)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(B) D
OLLAR AMOUNT .—For purposes of paragraph (1)(B) and subsection (c)(2), the dollar amount in effect under this paragraph is the amount equal to 110 percent of the poverty line (within the meaning of section 36B(d)(3)) for a family of 4.’’. (e) E
LIMINATION OF UNIFORM PERCENTAGE  C
ONTRIBUTION REQUIREMENT .—Paragraph (4) of section 45R(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘a uni-form percentage (not less than 50 percent)’’ and inserting ‘‘at least 50 percent’’. (f) E
LIMINATION OF CAPRELATING TO AVER-
AGELOCAL PREMIUMS .—Subsection (b) of sec-tion 45R of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘the lesser of’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘the aggregate amount of nonelective contributions the em-ployer made on behalf of its employees dur-ing the taxable year under the arrangement described in subsection (d)(4) for premiums for qualified health plans offered by the em-ployer to its employees through an Ex-change.’’. (g) A
MENDMENT RELATING TO ANNUAL WAGE L
IMITATION .—Subparagraph (B) of section 45R(d)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘twice’’ and inserting ‘‘three times’’. (h) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to amounts paid or incurred in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016. 
SA 332. Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for rec-onciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: SEC. ll. ANNUAL AND LIFETIME LIMITS. 
A State granted a waiver under section 1332 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18052), as amended by this Act, shall ensure that the provisions of sec-tion 2711 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg-11) shall continue to apply to health insurance issuers in the State with respect to any essential health benefit as de-fined by the Secretary of Health and Human Services under section 1302(b) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
SA 333. Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. D
URBIN , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. LEVEL OF COVERAGE. 
A State granted a waiver with respect to essential health benefits coverage under sec-tion 1332 of the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18052), as amend-ed by this Act, shall ensure that new essen-tial health benefits provided under the waiv-er provide at least a level of coverage that is equal to the essential health benefits cov-erage provided to Members of Congress. 
SA 334. Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. NOTICE REQUIREMENT. 
The President shall notify in writing any individual who receives a cut in health care benefits, lower quality health insurance, or loses health insurance altogether that these changes are the result of this Act and the amendments made by this Act. 
SA 335. Mr. KING (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. C ASEY , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , and Mr. C OONS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. MATERNAL, INFANT, AND EARLY CHILDHOOD HOME VISITING PRO-GRAMS. 
Section 511(j)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 711(j)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (2) in subparagraph (H), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’;and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(I) for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2027, $400,000,000.’’. 
SA 336. Mr. KING (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , and Mrs. S HAHEEN ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.037 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4322 July 26, 2017 
proposed to amendment SA 267 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. REDUCING INFANT MORTALITY. 
The Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices shall implement programs to protect, preserve, maintain, sustain, and expand all programs related to addressing, identifying the cause of, and reducing infant mortality. 
SA 337. Mr. KING (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , and Mrs. S HAHEEN ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. llll. NATIONAL HEALTH SERVICE CORPS. 
There are authorized to be appropriated, and there are appropriated, for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2026, $400,000,000 to carry out the National Health Service Corps pro-gram under subpart II of part D of title III of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254d et seq.) and the scholarship program and loan repayment program under subpart III of part D of title III of the Public Health Serv-ice Act (42 U.S.C. 254l et seq.). 
SA 338. Mr. KING (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , and Mrs. S HAHEEN ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 201. 
SA 339. Mr. GRASSLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. PRESERVATION OF RIGHT TO MAIN-TAIN EXISTING COVERAGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1251 of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18011) is amended: (1) in subsection (e), by inserting ‘‘other than a plan or coverage described in sub-section (f)’’ before the period; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) P
RESERVATION OF EXISTING OPTIONS .— In the case of a group health plan or health insurance coverage (other than a qualified health plan offered on an exchange estab-lished pursuant to this Act) offered to the members of an agricultural organization ex-empt from Federal income tax under section 501(c)(5) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, in existence since 1918, that has been pro-viding health coverage to members since 1970, to the extent permitted by applicable State law— ‘‘(1) this subtitle and subtitle A (and the amendments made by such subtitles) shall not apply, and ‘‘(2) such plan or coverage shall not be sub-ject to any requirement of this Act that does not apply to a grandfathered plan. This subsection shall apply to such plan or coverage, including with respect to new en-rollees.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall be effective for plan and policy years beginning on or after January 1, 2018. 
SA 340. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. D
AINES ) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 267 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; as fol-lows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-serted, insert the following: 
1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Expanded & Improved Medicare For All Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Definitions and terms. TITLE I—ELIGIBILITY AND BENEFITS Sec. 101. Eligibility and registration. Sec. 102. Benefits and portability. Sec. 103. Qualification of participating pro-viders. Sec. 104. Prohibition against duplicating coverage. TITLE II—FINANCES Subtitle A—Budgeting and Payments Sec. 201. Budgeting process. Sec. 202. Payment of providers and health care clinicians. Sec. 203. Payment for long-term care. Sec. 204. Mental health services. Sec. 205. Payment for prescription medica-tions, medical supplies, and medically necessary assistive equipment. Sec. 206. Consultation in establishing reim-bursement levels. Subtitle B—Funding Sec. 211. Overview: funding the Medicare For All Program. Sec. 212. Appropriations for existing pro-grams. TITLE III—ADMINISTRATION Sec. 301. Public administration; appoint-ment of Director. Sec. 302. Office of Quality Control. Sec. 303. Regional and State administration; employment of displaced cler-ical workers. Sec. 304. Confidential electronic patient record system. Sec. 305. National Board of Universal Qual-ity and Access. TITLE IV—ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS Sec. 401. Treatment of VA and IHS health programs. Sec. 402. Public health and prevention. Sec. 403. Reduction in health disparities. TITLE V—EFFECTIVE DATE Sec. 501. Effective date. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS AND TERMS. 
In this Act: (1) M
EDICARE FOR ALL PROGRAM ; PRO-
GRAM .—The terms ‘‘Medicare For All Pro-gram’’ and ‘‘Program’’ mean the program of benefits provided under this Act and, unless the context otherwise requires, the Sec-retary with respect to functions relating to carrying out such program. (2) NATIONAL BOARD OF UNIVERSAL QUALITY  
AND ACCESS .—The term ‘‘National Board of Universal Quality and Access’’ means such Board established under section 305. (3) R
EGIONAL OFFICE .—The term ‘‘regional office’’ means a regional office established under section 303. (4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Health and Human Services. (5) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means, in relation to the Program, the Director ap-pointed under section 301. TITLE I—ELIGIBILITY AND BENEFITS 
SEC. 101. ELIGIBILITY AND REGISTRATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—All individuals residing in the United States (including any territory of the United States) are covered under the Medicare For All Program entitling them to a universal, best quality standard of care. Each such individual shall receive a card with a unique number in the mail. An indi-vidual’s Social Security number shall not be used for purposes of registration under this section. (b) R
EGISTRATION .—Individuals and fami-lies shall receive a Medicare For All Pro-gram Card in the mail, after filling out a Medicare For All Program application form at a health care provider. Such application form shall be no more than 2 pages long. (c) P
RESUMPTION .—Individuals who present themselves for covered services from a par-ticipating provider shall be presumed to be eligible for benefits under this Act, but shall complete an application for benefits in order to receive a Medicare For All Program Card and have payment made for such benefits. (d) R
ESIDENCY CRITERIA .—The Secretary shall promulgate a rule that provides cri-teria for determining residency for eligi-bility purposes under the Medicare For All Program. (e) C
OVERAGE FOR VISITORS .—The Sec-retary shall promulgate a rule regarding visitors from other countries who seek pre-meditated non-emergency surgical proce-dures. Such a rule should facilitate the es-tablishment of country-to-country reim-bursement arrangements or self pay arrange-ments between the visitor and the provider of care. 
SEC. 102. BENEFITS AND PORTABILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The health care benefits under this Act cover all medically necessary services, including at least the following: (1) Primary care and prevention. (2) Approved dietary and nutritional thera-pies. (3) Inpatient care. (4) Outpatient care. (5) Emergency care. (6) Prescription drugs. (7) Durable medical equipment. (8) Long-term care. (9) Palliative care. (10) Mental health services. (11) The full scope of dental services, serv-ices, including periodontics, oral surgery, and endodontics, but not including cosmetic dentistry. (12) Substance abuse treatment services. (13) Chiropractic services, not including electrical stimulation. (14) Basic vision care and vision correction (other than laser vision correction for cos-metic purposes). (15) Hearing services, including coverage of hearing aids. (16) Podiatric care. (b) P
ORTABILITY .—Such benefits are avail-able through any licensed health care clini-cian anywhere in the United States that is legally qualified to provide the benefits. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:28 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.038 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4323 July 26, 2017 
(c) N OCOST-SHARING .—No deductibles, co-payments, coinsurance, or other cost-sharing shall be imposed with respect to covered ben-efits. 
SEC. 103. QUALIFICATION OF PARTICIPATING PROVIDERS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT TOBEPUBLIC OR NON- P
ROFIT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—No institution may be a participating provider unless it is a public or not-for-profit institution. Private physi-cians, private clinics, and private health care providers shall continue to operate as pri-vate entities, but are prohibited from being investor owned. (2) C
ONVERSION OF INVESTOR -OWNED PRO -
VIDERS .—For-profit providers of care opting to participate shall be required to convert to not-for-profit status. (3) P
RIVATE DELIVERY OF CARE REQUIRE -
MENT .—For-profit providers of care that con-vert to non-profit status shall remain pri-vately owned and operated entities. (4) C
OMPENSATION FOR CONVERSION .—The owners of such for-profit providers shall be compensated for reasonable financial losses incurred as a result of the conversion from for-profit to non-profit status. (5) F
UNDING .—There are authorized to be appropriated from the Treasury such sums as are necessary to compensate investor-owned providers as provided for under paragraph (3). (6) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The payments to own-ers of converting for-profit providers shall occur during a 15-year period, through the sale of U.S. Treasury Bonds. Payment for conversions under paragraph (3) shall not be made for loss of business profits. (7) M
ECHANISM FOR CONVERSION PROCESS .— The Secretary shall promulgate a rule to provide a mechanism to further the timely, efficient, and feasible conversion of for-profit providers of care. (b) Q
UALITY STANDARDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Health care delivery fa-cilities must meet State quality and licens-ing guidelines as a condition of participation under such program, including guidelines re-garding safe staffing and quality of care. (2) L
ICENSURE REQUIREMENTS .—Partici- pating clinicians must be licensed in their State of practice and meet the quality stand-ards for their area of care. No clinician whose license is under suspension or who is under disciplinary action in any State may be a participating provider. (c) P
ARTICIPATION OF HEALTH MAINTENANCE  O
RGANIZATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Non-profit health mainte-nance organizations that deliver care in their own facilities and employ clinicians on a salaried basis may participate in the pro-gram and receive global budgets or capita-tion payments as specified in section 202. (2) E
XCLUSION OF CERTAIN HEALTH MAINTE -
NANCE ORGANIZATIONS .—Other health mainte-nance organizations which principally con-tract to pay for services delivered by non- employees shall be classified as insurance plans. Such organizations shall not be par-ticipating providers, and are subject to the regulations promulgated by reason of section 104(a) (relating to prohibition against dupli-cating coverage). (d) F
REEDOM OF CHOICE .—Patients shall have free choice of participating physicians and other clinicians, hospitals, and inpatient care facilities. 
SEC. 104. PROHIBITION AGAINST DUPLICATING COVERAGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—It is unlawful for a pri-vate health insurer to sell health insurance coverage that duplicates the benefits pro-vided under this Act. (b) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this Act shall be construed as prohibiting the sale of health insurance coverage for any additional benefits not covered by this Act, such as for cosmetic surgery or other services and items that are not medically necessary. TITLE II—FINANCES Subtitle A—Budgeting and Payments SEC. 201. BUDGETING PROCESS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF OPERATING BUDGET  
ANDCAPITAL EXPENDITURES BUDGET .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—To carry out this Act there are established on an annual basis con-sistent with this title— (A) an operating budget, including amounts for optimal physician, nurse, and other health care professional staffing; (B) a capital expenditures budget; (C) reimbursement levels for providers con-sistent with subtitle B; and (D) a health professional education budget, including amounts for the continued funding of resident physician training programs. (2) R
EGIONAL ALLOCATION .—After Congress appropriates amounts for the annual budget for the Medicare For All Program, the Direc-tor shall provide the regional offices with an annual funding allotment to cover the costs of each region’s expenditures. Such allot-ment shall cover global budgets, reimburse-ments to clinicians, health professional edu-cation, and capital expenditures. Regional offices may receive additional funds from the national program at the discretion of the Di-rector. (b) O
PERATING BUDGET .—The operating budget shall be used for— (1) payment for services rendered by physi-cians and other clinicians; (2) global budgets for institutional pro-viders; (3) capitation payments for capitated groups; and (4) administration of the Program. (c) C
APITAL EXPENDITURES BUDGET .—The capital expenditures budget shall be used for funds needed for— (1) the construction or renovation of health facilities; and (2) for major equipment purchases. (d) P
ROHIBITION AGAINST CO-MINGLING OP-
ERATIONS AND CAPITAL IMPROVEMENT  F
UNDS .—It is prohibited to use funds under this Act that are earmarked— (1) for operations for capital expenditures; or (2) for capital expenditures for operations. 
SEC. 202. PAYMENT OF PROVIDERS AND HEALTH CARE CLINICIANS. 
(a) E STABLISHING GLOBAL BUDGETS ; MONTH -
LYLUMPSUM.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Medicare For All Pro-gram, through its regional offices, shall pay each institutional provider of care, including hospitals, nursing homes, community or mi-grant health centers, home care agencies, or other institutional providers or pre-paid group practices, a monthly lump sum to cover all operating expenses under a global budget. (2) E
STABLISHMENT OF GLOBAL BUDGETS .— The global budget of a provider shall be set through negotiations between providers, State directors, and regional directors, but are subject to the approval of the Director. The budget shall be negotiated annually, based on past expenditures, projected changes in levels of services, wages and input, costs, a provider’s maximum capacity to provide care, and proposed new and inno-vative programs. (b) T
HREE PAYMENT OPTIONS FOR PHYSI-
CIANS AND CERTAIN OTHER HEALTH PROFES -
SIONALS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Program shall pay physicians, dentists, doctors of osteopathy, pharmacists, psychologists, chiropractors, doctors of optometry, nurse practitioners, nurse midwives, physicians’ assistants, and other advanced practice clinicians as li-censed and regulated by the States by the following payment methods: (A) Fee for service payment under para-graph (2). (B) Salaried positions in institutions re-ceiving global budgets under paragraph (3). (C) Salaried positions within group prac-tices or non-profit health maintenance orga-nizations receiving capitation payments under paragraph (4). (2) FEE FOR SERVICE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Program shall nego-tiate a simplified fee schedule that is fair and optimal with representatives of physi-cians and other clinicians, after close con-sultation with the National Board of Uni-versal Quality and Access and regional and State directors. Initially, the current pre-vailing fees or reimbursement would be the basis for the fee negotiation for all profes-sional services covered under this Act. (B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In establishing such schedule, the Director shall take into consid-eration the following: (i) The need for a uniform national stand-ard. (ii) The goal of ensuring that physicians, clinicians, pharmacists, and other medical professionals be compensated at a rate which reflects their expertise and the value of their services, regardless of geographic region and past fee schedules. (C) S
TATE PHYSICIAN PRACTICE REVIEW  
BOARDS .—The State director for each State, in consultation with representatives of the physician community of that State, shall es-tablish and appoint a physician practice re-view board to assure quality, cost effective-ness, and fair reimbursements for physician delivered services. (D) F
INAL GUIDELINES .—The Director shall be responsible for promulgating final guide-lines to all providers. (E) B
ILLING .—Under this Act physicians shall submit bills to the regional director on a simple form, or via computer. Interest shall be paid to providers who are not reim-bursed within 30 days of submission. (F) N
O BALANCE BILLING .—Licensed health care clinicians who accept any payment from the Medicare For All Program may not bill any patient for any covered service. (G) U
NIFORM COMPUTER ELECTRONIC BILLING  
SYSTEM .—The Director shall create a uni-form computerized electronic billing system, including those areas of the United States where electronic billing is not yet estab-lished. (3) S
ALARIES WITHIN INSTITUTIONS RECEIVING  
GLOBAL BUDGETS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of an institu-tion, such as a hospital, health center, group practice, community and migrant health center, or a home care agency that elects to be paid a monthly global budget for the de-livery of health care as well as for education and prevention programs, physicians and other clinicians employed by such institu-tions shall be reimbursed through a salary included as part of such a budget. (B) S
ALARY RANGES .—Salary ranges for health care providers shall be determined in the same way as fee schedules under para-graph (2). (4) S
ALARIES WITHIN CAPITATED GROUPS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Health maintenance or-ganizations, group practices, and other insti-tutions may elect to be paid capitation pay-ments to cover all outpatient, physician, and medical home care provided to individuals enrolled to receive benefits through the or-ganization or entity. (B) S
COPE.—Such capitation may include the costs of services of licensed physicians and other licensed, independent practi-tioners provided to inpatients. Other costs of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.051 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4324 July 26, 2017 
inpatient and institutional care shall be ex-cluded from capitation payments, and shall be covered under institutions’ global budg-ets. (C) P
ROHIBITION OF SELECTIVE ENROLL -
MENT .—Patients shall be permitted to enroll or disenroll from such organizations or enti-ties without discrimination and with appro-priate notice. (D) H
EALTH MAINTENANCE ORGANIZATIONS .— Under this Act— (i) health maintenance organizations shall be required to reimburse physicians based on a salary; and (ii) financial incentives between such orga-nizations and physicians based on utilization are prohibited. 
SEC. 203. PAYMENT FOR LONG-TERM CARE. 
(a) A LLOTMENT FOR REGIONS .—The Pro-gram shall provide for each region a single budgetary allotment to cover a full array of long-term care services under this Act. (b) R
EGIONAL BUDGETS .—Each region shall provide a global budget to local long-term care providers for the full range of needed services, including in-home, nursing home, and community based care. (c) B
ASIS FOR BUDGETS .—Budgets for long- term care services under this section shall be based on past expenditures, financial and clinical performance, utilization, and pro-jected changes in service, wages, and other related factors. (d) F
AVORING NON-INSTITUTIONAL CARE.— All efforts shall be made under this Act to provide long-term care in a home- or com-munity-based setting, as opposed to institu-tional care. 
SEC. 204. MENTAL HEALTH SERVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Program shall pro-vide coverage for all medically necessary mental health care on the same basis as the coverage for other conditions. Licensed men-tal health clinicians shall be paid in the same manner as specified for other health professionals, as provided for in section 202(b). (b) F
AVORING COMMUNITY -BASED CARE.— The Medicare For All Program shall cover supportive residences, occupational therapy, and ongoing mental health and counseling services outside the hospital for patients with serious mental illness. In all cases the highest quality and most effective care shall be delivered, and, for some individuals, this may mean institutional care. 
SEC. 205. PAYMENT FOR PRESCRIPTION MEDICA-TIONS, MEDICAL SUPPLIES, AND MEDICALLY NECESSARY ASSISTIVE EQUIPMENT. 
(a) N EGOTIATED PRICES .—The prices to be paid each year under this Act for covered pharmaceuticals, medical supplies, and medically necessary assistive equipment shall be negotiated annually by the Pro-gram. (b) P
RESCRIPTION DRUGFORMULARY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Program shall estab-lish a prescription drug formulary system, which shall encourage best-practices in pre-scribing and discourage the use of ineffec-tive, dangerous, or excessively costly medi-cations when better alternatives are avail-able. (2) P
ROMOTION OF USE OF GENERICS .—The formulary shall promote the use of generic medications but allow the use of brand-name and off-formulary medications. (3) F
ORMULARY UPDATES AND PETITION  
RIGHTS .—The formulary shall be updated fre-quently and clinicians and patients may pe-tition their region or the Director to add new pharmaceuticals or to remove ineffec-tive or dangerous medications from the for-mulary. 
SEC. 206. CONSULTATION IN ESTABLISHING RE-IMBURSEMENT LEVELS. 
Reimbursement levels under this subtitle shall be set after close consultation with re-gional and State Directors and after the an-nual meeting of National Board of Universal Quality and Access. Subtitle B—Funding SEC. 211. OVERVIEW: FUNDING THE MEDICARE FOR ALL PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Medicare For All Program is to be funded as provided in sub-section (c)(1). (b) M
EDICARE FORALLTRUST FUND.—There shall be established a Medicare For All Trust Fund in which funds provided under this sec-tion are deposited and from which expendi-tures under this Act are made. (c) F
UNDING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—There are appropriated to the Medicare For All Trust Fund amounts sufficient to carry out this Act from the fol-lowing sources: (A) Existing sources of Federal Govern-ment revenues for health care. (B) Increasing personal income taxes on the top 5 percent income earners. (C) Instituting a modest and progressive excise tax on payroll and self-employment income. (D) Instituting a modest tax on unearned income. (E) Instituting a small tax on stock and bond transactions. (2) S
YSTEM SAVINGS AS A SOURCE OF FINANC -
ING.—Funding otherwise required for the Program is reduced as a result of— (A) vastly reducing paperwork; (B) requiring a rational bulk procurement of medications under section 205(a); and (C) improved access to preventive health care. (3) A
DDITIONAL ANNUAL APPROPRIATIONS TO  
MEDICARE FOR ALL PROGRAM .—Additional sums are authorized to be appropriated an-nually as needed to maintain maximum quality, efficiency, and access under the Pro-gram. 
SEC. 212. APPROPRIATIONS FOR EXISTING PRO-GRAMS. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, there are hereby transferred and appro-priated to carry out this Act, amounts from the Treasury equivalent to the amounts the Secretary estimates would have been appro-priated and expended for Federal public health care programs, including funds that would have been appropriated under the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act, under the Medicaid pro-gram under title XIX of such Act, and under the Children’s Health Insurance Program under title XXI of such Act. TITLE III—ADMINISTRATION 
SEC. 301. PUBLIC ADMINISTRATION; APPOINT-MENT OF DIRECTOR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as otherwise spe-cifically provided, this Act shall be adminis-tered by the Secretary through a Director appointed by the Secretary. (b) L
ONG-TERM CARE.—The Director shall appoint a director for long-term care who shall be responsible for administration of this Act and ensuring the availability and accessibility of high quality long-term care services. (c) M
ENTAL HEALTH .—The Director shall appoint a director for mental health who shall be responsible for administration of this Act and ensuring the availability and accessibility of high quality mental health services. 
SEC. 302. OFFICE OF QUALITY CONTROL. 
The Director shall appoint a director for an Office of Quality Control. Such director shall, after consultation with State and re-gional directors, provide annual rec-ommendations to Congress, the President, the Secretary, and other Program officials on how to ensure the highest quality health care service delivery. The director of the Of-fice of Quality Control shall conduct an an-nual review on the adequacy of medically necessary services, and shall make rec-ommendations of any proposed changes to the Congress, the President, the Secretary, and other Medicare For All Program offi-cials. SEC. 303. REGIONAL AND STATE ADMINISTRA-TION; EMPLOYMENT OF DISPLACED CLERICAL WORKERS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF MEDICARE FORALL P
ROGRAM REGIONAL OFFICES .—The Secretary shall establish and maintain Medicare For All regional offices for the purpose of distrib-uting funds to providers of care. Whenever possible, the Secretary should incorporate pre-existing Medicare infrastructure for this purpose. (b) A
PPOINTMENT OF REGIONAL AND STATE  D
IRECTORS .—In each such regional office there shall be— (1) one regional director appointed by the Director; and (2) for each State in the region, a deputy director (in this Act referred to as a ‘‘State Director’’) appointed by the governor of that State. (c) R
EGIONAL OFFICE DUTIES .—Regional of-fices of the Program shall be responsible for— (1) coordinating funding to health care pro-viders and physicians; and (2) coordinating billing and reimburse-ments with physicians and health care pro-viders through a State-based reimbursement system. (d) S
TATE DIRECTOR ’SDUTIES .—Each State Director shall be responsible for the fol-lowing duties: (1) Providing an annual State health care needs assessment report to the National Board of Universal Quality and Access, and the regional board, after a thorough exam-ination of health needs, in consultation with public health officials, clinicians, patients, and patient advocates. (2) Health planning, including oversight of the placement of new hospitals, clinics, and other health care delivery facilities. (3) Health planning, including oversight of the purchase and placement of new health equipment to ensure timely access to care and to avoid duplication. (4) Submitting global budgets to the re-gional director. (5) Recommending changes in provider re-imbursement or payment for delivery of health services in the State. (6) Establishing a quality assurance mech-anism in the State in order to minimize both under utilization and over utilization and to assure that all providers meet high quality standards. (7) Reviewing program disbursements on a quarterly basis and recommending needed adjustments in fee schedules needed to achieve budgetary targets and assure ade-quate access to needed care. (e) F
IRST PRIORITY IN RETRAINING AND JOB P
LACEMENT ; 2 Y EARS OF SALARY PARITY BEN-
EFITS .—The Program shall provide that cler-ical, administrative, and billing personnel in insurance companies, doctors offices, hos-pitals, nursing facilities, and other facilities whose jobs are eliminated due to reduced ad-ministration— (1) should have first priority in retraining and job placement in the new system; and (2) shall be eligible to receive two years of Medicare For All employment transition benefits with each year’s benefit equal to salary earned during the last 12 months of employment, but shall not exceed $100,000 per year. (f) E
STABLISHMENT OF MEDICARE FORALL E
MPLOYMENT TRANSITION FUND.—The Sec- retary shall establish a trust fund from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.051 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4325 July 26, 2017 
which expenditures shall be made to recipi-ents of the benefits allocated in subsection (e). (g) A
NNUAL APPROPRIATIONS TO MEDICARE  F
ORALLEMPLOYMENT TRANSITION FUND.— Sums are authorized to be appropriated an-nually as needed to fund the Medicare For All Employment Transition Benefits. (h) R
ETENTION OF RIGHT TO UNEMPLOYMENT  B
ENEFITS .—Nothing in this section shall be interpreted as a waiver of Medicare For All Employment Transition benefit recipients’ right to receive Federal and State unemploy-ment benefits. 
SEC. 304. CONFIDENTIAL ELECTRONIC PATIENT RECORD SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall cre-ate a standardized, confidential electronic patient record system in accordance with laws and regulations to maintain accurate patient records and to simplify the billing process, thereby reducing medical errors and bureaucracy. (b) P
ATIENT OPTION .—Notwithstanding that all billing shall be preformed electronically, patients shall have the option of keeping any portion of their medical records separate from their electronic medical record. 
SEC. 305. NATIONAL BOARD OF UNIVERSAL QUAL-ITY AND ACCESS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—There is established a Na-tional Board of Universal Quality and Access (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Board’’) consisting of 15 members appointed by the President, by and with the advice and con-sent of the Senate. (2) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—The appointed mem-bers of the Board shall include at least one of each of the following: (A) Health care professionals. (B) Representatives of institutional pro-viders of health care. (C) Representatives of health care advo-cacy groups. (D) Representatives of labor unions. (E) Citizen patient advocates. (3) T
ERMS .—Each member shall be ap-pointed for a term of 6 years, except that the President shall stagger the terms of mem-bers initially appointed so that the term of no more than 3 members expires in any year. (4) P
ROHIBITION ON CONFLICTS OF INTER -
EST.—No member of the Board shall have a financial conflict of interest with the duties before the Board. (b) D
UTIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Board shall meet at least twice per year and shall advise the Sec-retary and the Director on a regular basis to ensure quality, access, and affordability. (2) S
PECIFIC ISSUES .—The Board shall spe-cifically address the following issues: (A) Access to care. (B) Quality improvement. (C) Efficiency of administration. (D) Adequacy of budget and funding. (E) Appropriateness of reimbursement lev-els of physicians and other providers. (F) Capital expenditure needs. (G) Long-term care. (H) Mental health and substance abuse services. (I) Staffing levels and working conditions in health care delivery facilities. (3) E
STABLISHMENT OF UNIVERSAL , BEST 
QUALITY STANDARD OF CARE .—The Board shall specifically establish a universal, best qual-ity of standard of care with respect to— (A) appropriate staffing levels; (B) appropriate medical technology; (C) design and scope of work in the health workplace; (D) best practices; and (E) salary level and working conditions of physicians, clinicians, nurses, other medical professionals, and appropriate support staff. (4) TWICE-A-YEAR REPORT .—The Board shall report its recommendations twice each year to the Secretary, the Director, Congress, and the President. (c) C
OMPENSATION , ETC.—The following pro-visions of section 1805 of the Social Security Act shall apply to the Board in the same manner as they apply to the Medicare Pay-ment Assessment Commission (except that any reference to the Commission or the Comptroller General shall be treated as ref-erences to the Board and the Secretary, re-spectively): (1) Subsection (c)(4) (relating to compensa-tion of Board members). (2) Subsection (c)(5) (relating to chairman and vice chairman). (3) Subsection (c)(6) (relating to meetings). (4) Subsection (d) (relating to director and staff; experts and consultants). (5) Subsection (e) (relating to powers). TITLE IV—ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS 
SEC. 401. TREATMENT OF VA AND IHS HEALTH PROGRAMS. 
(a) VA H EALTH PROGRAMS .—This Act pro-vides for health programs of the Department of Veterans’ Affairs to initially remain inde-pendent for the 10-year period that begins on the date of the establishment of the Medi-care For All Program. After such 10-year pe-riod, the Congress shall reevaluate whether such programs shall remain independent or be integrated into the Medicare For All Pro-gram. (b) I
NDIAN HEALTH SERVICE PROGRAMS .— This Act provides for health programs of the Indian Health Service to initially remain independent for the 5-year period that begins on the date of the establishment of the Medi-care For All Program, after which such pro-grams shall be integrated into the Medicare For All Program. 
SEC. 402. PUBLIC HEALTH AND PREVENTION. 
It is the intent of this Act that the Pro-gram at all times stress the importance of good public health through the prevention of diseases. 
SEC. 403. REDUCTION IN HEALTH DISPARITIES. 
It is the intent of this Act to reduce health disparities by race, ethnicity, income and ge-ographic region, and to provide high quality, cost-effective, culturally appropriate care to all individuals regardless of race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, or language. TITLE V—EFFECTIVE DATE 
SEC. 501. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
Except as otherwise specifically provided, this Act shall take effect on the first day of the first year that begins more than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply to items and services fur-nished on or after such date. 
SA 341. Mr. UDALL (for himself, Ms. C
ANTWELL , Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. F RANKEN , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. S
CHATZ , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. T
ESTER , and Mr. M ERKLEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD REDUCE OR LIMIT FEDERAL PAYMENTS FOR HEALTH INSURANCE OR HEALTH CARE FOR AMERICAN INDIANS OR ALASKA NATIVES. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would— (1) reduce or limit Federal payments to help cover the cost of private health insur-ance with respect to private health insur-ance purchased by American Indians or Alas-ka Natives; or (2) reduce or limit Federal payments for spending under the Medicaid program with respect to services provided by the Indian Health Service, an Indian Health Program, an Urban Indian Organization, or Indian tribes or other tribal organizations, or with respect to services provided to individuals who are American Indians or Alaska Natives. (b) WAIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 342. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. PROTECTION OF INDIVIDUALS’ HEALTH PLANS. 
This Act (and the amendments made by this Act) shall not take effect until the Chief Actuary of the Centers for Medicare & Med-icaid Services certifies to Congress that the implementation of this Act (and amend-ments) will not result in increased premiums under employer-sponsored insurance. 
SA 343. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. PROTECTION OF INDIVIDUALS’ HEALTH PLANS. 
This Act (and the amendments made by this Act) shall not take effect until the Chief Actuary of the Centers for Medicare & Med-icaid Services certifies to Congress that the implementation of this Act (and amend-ments) will not result in increased deductibles under employer-sponsored insur-ance. 
SA 344. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. PROTECTION OF INDIVIDUALS’ HEALTH PLANS. 
This Act (and the amendments made by this Act) shall not take effect until the Chief Actuary of the Centers for Medicare & Med-icaid Services certifies to Congress that the implementation of this Act (and amend-ments) will not result in the loss of preg-nancy, maternity, and newborn care (both before and after birth) under qualified health plans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.051 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4326 July 26, 2017 
SA 345. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. PROTECTION OF INDIVIDUALS’ HEALTH PLANS. 
This Act (and the amendments made by this Act) shall not take effect until the Chief Actuary of the Centers for Medicare & Med-icaid Services certifies to Congress that the implementation of this Act (and amend-ments) will not result in the loss of mental health and substance use disorder services, including behavioral health treatment (in-cluding counseling and psychotherapy) under qualified health plans. 
SA 346. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. NO INCREASES IN DEDUCTIBLES. 
This Act (and the amendments made by this Act) shall not take effect until the Chief Actuary of the Centers for Medicare & Med-icaid Services certifies to Congress that the implementation of this Act (and amend-ments) will not result in increased deductibles under qualified health plans. 
SA 347. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. PROTECTION OF INDIVIDUALS’ HEALTH PLANS. 
This Act (and the amendments made by this Act) shall not take effect until the Chief Actuary of the Centers for Medicare & Med-icaid Services certifies to Congress that the implementation of this Act (and amend-ments) will not result in the loss of coverage for people under qualified health plans. 
SA 348. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. NO INCREASES IN UNCOMPENSATED CARE. 
This Act (and the amendments made by this Act) shall not take effect until the Chief Actuary of the Centers for Medicare & Med-icaid Services certifies to Congress that the implementation of this Act (and amend-ments) will not increase uncompensated care at nonprofit or hospitals operated by the Federal Government. 
SA 349. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: On page 129, strike lines 3 through 10 and insert the following: 
SEC. 221. SUPPORT FOR STATE RESPONSE TO OPIOID ADDICTION. 
There is authorized to be appropriated, and is appropriated, out of monies in the Treas-ury not otherwise obligated, $10,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2018 to the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide grants to States to support treatment for opioid addic-tion. Funds appropriated under this section shall remain available until expended. 
SA 350. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. PROTECTION OF INDIVIDUALS’ HEALTH PLANS. 
This Act (and the amendments made by this Act) shall not take effect until the Chief Actuary of the Centers for Medicare & Med-icaid Services certifies to Congress that the implementation of this Act (and amend-ments) will not result in individuals losing access to their current health plans, if such individuals wish to keep such plans. 
SA 351. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 129, strike lines 3 through 10 and insert the following: 
SEC. 221. SUPPORT FOR STATE RESPONSE TO DO-MESTIC VIOLENCE. 
There is authorized to be appropriated, and is appropriated, out of monies in the Treas-ury not otherwise obligated, $10,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2018 to the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide grants to States to support assistance for victims of domestic violence. Funds appropriated under this section shall remain available until ex-pended. 
SA 352. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 129, strike lines 3 through 10 and insert the following: 
SEC. 221. SUPPORT FOR STATE RESPONSE TO PE-DIATRIC CANCERS. 
There is authorized to be appropriated, and is appropriated, out of monies in the Treas-ury not otherwise obligated, $10,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2018 to the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide grants to States to support treatment of pediatric can-cers. Funds appropriated under this section shall remain available until expended. 
SA 353. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: On page 129, strike lines 3 through 10 and insert the following: 
SEC. 221. SUPPORT FOR STATE RESPONSE TO CANCER. 
There is authorized to be appropriated, and is appropriated, out of monies in the Treas-ury not otherwise obligated, $10,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2018 to the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide grants to States to support treatment of adults with cancer. Funds appropriated under this sec-tion shall remain available until expended. 
SA 354. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 129, strike lines 3 through 10 and insert the following: 
SEC. 221. SUPPORT FOR STATE RESPONSE TO CHILDREN WITH PRE-EXISTING CON-DITIONS. 
There is authorized to be appropriated, and is appropriated, out of monies in the Treas-ury not otherwise obligated, $10,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2018 to the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide grants to States to support treatment of children with pre-existing conditions. Funds appropriated under this section shall remain available until expended. 
SA 355. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 129, strike lines 3 through 10 and insert the following: 
SEC. 221. SUPPORT FOR STATE RESPONSE TO ADULTS WITH PRE-EXISTING CONDI-TIONS. 
There is authorized to be appropriated, and is appropriated, out of monies in the Treas-ury not otherwise obligated, $10,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2018 to the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide grants to States to support treatment of adults with pre-existing conditions. Funds appropriated under this section shall remain available until expended. 
SA 356. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 129, strike lines 3 through 10 and insert the following: 
SEC. 221. SUPPORT FOR STATE RESPONSE TO DE-PRESSION. 
There is authorized to be appropriated, and is appropriated, out of monies in the Treas-ury not otherwise obligated, $10,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2018 to the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide grants to States to support treatment of individuals with depression. Funds appropriated under this section shall remain available until ex-pended. 
SA 357. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.050 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4327 July 26, 2017 
On page 129, strike lines 3 through 10 and insert the following: 
SEC. 221. SUPPORT FOR STATE RESPONSE TO MENTAL ILLNESS. 
There is authorized to be appropriated, and is appropriated, out of monies in the Treas-ury not otherwise obligated, $10,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2018 to the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide grants to States to support treatment of individuals with mental illness. Funds appropriated under this section shall remain available until expended. 
SA 358. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 129, strike lines 3 through 10 and insert the following: 
SEC. 221. SUPPORT FOR STATE RESPONSE TO HEART DISEASE. 
There is authorized to be appropriated, and is appropriated, out of monies in the Treas-ury not otherwise obligated, $10,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2018 to the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide grants to States to support treatment of individuals with heart disease. Funds appropriated under this section shall remain available until ex-pended. 
SA 359. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 129, strike lines 3 through 10 and insert the following: 
SEC. 221. SUPPORT FOR STATE RESPONSE TO ALZHEIMER’S DISEASE. 
There is authorized to be appropriated, and is appropriated, out of monies in the Treas-ury not otherwise obligated, $10,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2018 to the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide grants to States to support treatment of individuals with Alzheimer’s disease. Funds appro-priated under this section shall remain available until expended. 
SA 360. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 129, strike lines 3 through 10 and insert the following: 
SEC. 221. SUPPORT FOR STATE RESPONSE TO BREAST CANCER. 
There is authorized to be appropriated, and is appropriated, out of monies in the Treas-ury not otherwise obligated, $10,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2018 to the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide grants to States to support treatment of individuals with breast cancer. Funds appropriated under this section shall remain available until expended. 
SA 361. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: On page 129, strike lines 3 through 10 and insert the following: 
SEC. 221. SUPPORT FOR STATE RESPONSE TO PARKINSON’S DISEASE. 
There is authorized to be appropriated, and is appropriated, out of monies in the Treas-ury not otherwise obligated, $10,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2018 to the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide grants to States to support treatment of individuals with Parkinson’s disease. Funds appro-priated under this section shall remain available until expended. 
SA 362. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 129, strike lines 3 through 10 and insert the following: 
SEC. 221. SUPPORT FOR STATE RESPONSE TO POST-TRAUMATIC STRESS DIS-ORDER. 
There is authorized to be appropriated, and is appropriated, out of monies in the Treas-ury not otherwise obligated, $10,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2018 to the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide grants to States to support treatment of individuals with post-traumatic stress disorder. Funds appropriated under this section shall remain available until expended. 
SA 363. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 129, strike lines 3 through 10 and insert the following: 
SEC. 221. SUPPORT FOR STATE RESPONSE TO DI-ABETES. 
There is authorized to be appropriated, and is appropriated, out of monies in the Treas-ury not otherwise obligated, $10,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2018 to the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide grants to States to support treatment of individuals with diabetes. Funds appropriated under this section shall remain available until ex-pended. 
SA 364. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. PROTECTION OF INDIVIDUALS’ HEALTH CARE. 
This Act (and the amendments made by this Act) shall not take effect until the Chief Actuary of the Centers for Medicare & Med-icaid Services certifies to Congress that the implementation of this Act (and amend-ments) will not result in the loss of coverage under the Medicaid program. 
SA 365. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. PROTECTION OF INDIVIDUALS’ HEALTH CARE. 
This Act (and the amendments made by this Act) shall not take effect until the Chief Actuary of the Centers for Medicare & Med-icaid Services certifies to Congress that the implementation of this Act (and amend-ments) will not result in the loss of mental health and substance use disorder services, including behavioral health treatment (in-cluding counseling and psychotherapy) under the Medicaid program. 
SA 366. Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. C ARPER , and Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconcili-ation pursuant to title II of the concur-rent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike subtitles B through C of title I. 
SA 367. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 312, strike line 21 and all that fol-lows through page 313, line 9. 
SA 368. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 821. 
SA 369. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle H of title V, add the following: 
SEC. lll. REPORT ON POSSIBLE IMPROVE-MENTS TO PROCESSING RETIRE-MENTS AND MEDICAL DISCHARGES. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in con-sultation with the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs, submit to the congressional defense committees and the Committees on Vet-erans’ Affairs of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on possible im-provements to the transition of members of the Armed Forces to veteran status. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.059 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4328 July 26, 2017 
(b) E LEMENTS .—The report under sub-section (a) shall address the following: (1) Feasibility of requiring members of the Armed Forces to apply for benefits adminis-tered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs before such members complete discharge from the Armed Forces. (2) Feasibility of requiring members of the Armed Forces to undergo compensation and pension examinations (to be administered by the Secretary of Defense) for purposes of ob-taining benefits described in paragraph (1) before such members complete discharge from the Armed Forces. (3) Possible improvements to the timeli-ness of the process for transitioning mem-bers who undergo medical discharge to care provided by the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs. 
SA 370. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. lll. TRAINING REQUIREMENT FOR HEALTH CARE PROFESSIONALS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PRESCRIBING OPIOIDS FOR TREAT-MENT OF PAIN. 
(a) T RAINING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that health care professionals of the Department of Defense, other than phar-macists, who are authorized to prescribe or otherwise dispense opioids for the treatment of pain— (A) complete the training described in paragraph (2) not less frequently than once every three years; or (B) are licensed in a State that requires training that is equivalent to or greater than the training described in paragraph (2) with respect to the prescribing or dispensing of opioids for the treatment of pain. (2) T
RAINING DESCRIBED .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The training described in this paragraph is not fewer than 12 hours of training (through classroom situations, sem-inars at professional society meetings, elec-tronic communications, or otherwise) that is provided by organizations specified in sub-paragraph (B) with respect to— (i) pain management treatment guidelines and best practices; (ii) early detection of opioid addiction; and (iii) the treatment and management of opioid-dependent patients. (B) O
RGANIZATIONS SPECIFIED .—The organi-zations specified in this subparagraph are the following: (i) The American Society of Addiction Medicine. (ii) The American Academy of Addiction Psychiatry. (iii) The American Medical Association. (iv) The American Osteopathic Associa-tion. (v) The American Psychiatric Association. (vi) The American Academy of Pain Man-agement. (vii) The American Pain Society. (viii) The American Academy of Pain Med-icine. (ix) The American Board of Pain Medicine. (x) The American Society of Interventional Pain Physicians. (xi) Such other organizations as the Sec-retary of Defense determines appropriate for purposes of this subsection. (b) ESTABLISHMENT OF TRAINING MOD-
ULES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish or support the establishment of one or more training modules to be used to provide the training required under sub-section (a). (2) S
UPPORT FOR ORGANIZATIONS .—The Sec- retary may support the establishment of a training module under paragraph (1) by— (A) an organization specified in paragraph (2)(B) of subsection (a); or (B) any other organization that the Sec-retary determines is appropriate to provide the training required under such subsection. 
SA 371. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. lll. PROVISION OF SUPPORT BY DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE TO DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS REGARDING ELECTRONIC HEALTH RECORD SYS-TEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may support the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs, to the extent the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs jointly consider feasible and advisable, in the devel-opment and implementation of an electronic health record system that— (1) is derivative of the Military Health Sys-tem Genesis record being developed and im-plemented by the Secretary of Defense as of the date of the enactment of this Act; and (2) achieves complete interoperability with the Military Health System Genesis. (b) A
NNUAL REVIEW .—The Secretary of De-fense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall jointly conduct an annual review of the efforts undertaken by the Secretary of De-fense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to achieve complete interoperability be-tween the electronic health record of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs and the Mili-tary Health System Genesis. (c) A
NNUAL REPORT .— (1) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 60 days after completing each annual review under sub-section (b), the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall jointly submit to the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs of the House of Representatives a re-port on the review. (2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report under para-graph (1) shall include an assessment of the following: (A) Milestones reached as part of the schedule developed by the Department of De-fense and the Department of Veterans Af-fairs of the development and implementation of an electronic health record system under subsection (a). (B) Costs associated with such develop-ment and implementation. (C) Actions, if any, of the Secretary of De-fense in supporting the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs pursuant to subsection (a) with respect to the development and implementa-tion of an electronic health record system and in achieving complete interoperability with the Military Health System Genesis. (D) Status of the adoption of the national standards and architectural requirements identified by the Interagency Program Office of the Department of Defense and the De-partment of Veterans Affairs in collabora-tion with the Office of the National Coordi-nator for Health Information Technology of the Department of Health and Human Serv-ices. (d) TERMINATION .—The requirements under subsections (b) and (c) shall terminate on the date on which the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs jointly cer-tify to the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs of the House of Representatives that the electronic health records of both the De-partment of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs are completely interoper-able. (e) I
NTEROPERABILITY DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘interoperability’’ means the ability of different electronic health records systems or software to meaningfully exchange information in real time and pro-vide useful results to one or more systems. 
SA 372. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. lll. COUNSELING AND TREATMENT FOR SUBSTANCE USE DISORDERS AND CHRONIC PAIN MANAGEMENT FOR MEMBERS WHO SEPARATE FROM THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 1145(a)(6)(B)(i) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subclause (I)— (A) by inserting ‘‘, substance use disorder,’’ after ‘‘post-traumatic stress disorder’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) by redesignating subclause (II) as sub-clause (III); and (3) by inserting after subclause (I) the fol-lowing new subclause (II): ‘‘(II) chronic pain management services, including counseling and treatment of co-oc-curring mental health disorders and alter-natives to opioid analgesics; and’’. 
SA 373. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. RESPONSIBILITIES OF COMMERCIAL MARKET REPRESENTATIVES. 
Section 4(h) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 633(h)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(h) C
OMMERCIAL MARKET REPRESENTA -
TIVES .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.062 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4329 July 26, 2017 
‘‘(1) D UTIES .—The principal duties of a commercial market representative employed by the Administrator and reporting to the senior official appointed by the Adminis-trator with responsibilities under sections 8, 15, 31, and 36 (or the designee of the official) shall be to advance the policies established in section 8(d)(1) relating to subcontracting, including— ‘‘(A) helping prime contractors to find small business concerns that are capable of performing subcontracts; ‘‘(B) for contractors awarded contracts containing the clause described in section 8(d)(3), providing— ‘‘(i) counseling on the responsibility of the contractor to maximize subcontracting op-portunities for small business concerns; ‘‘(ii) instruction on methods and tools to identify potential subcontractors that are small business concerns; and ‘‘(iii) assistance to increase awards to sub-contractors that are small business concerns through visits, training, and reviews of past performance; ‘‘(C) providing counseling on how a small business concern may promote the capacity of the small business concern to contractors awarded contracts containing the clause de-scribed in section 8(d)(3); and ‘‘(D) conducting periodic reviews of con-tractors awarded contracts containing the clause described in section 8(d)(3) to assess compliance with subcontracting plans re-quired under section 8(d)(6). ‘‘(2) C
ERTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Consistent with the re-quirements of subparagraph (B), a commer-cial market representative referred to in sec-tion 15(q)(3) shall have a Level I Federal Ac-quisition Certification in Contracting (or any successor certification) or the equiva-lent Department of Defense certification. ‘‘(B) D
ELAY OF CERTIFICATION REQUIRE -
MENT .—The certification described in sub-paragraph (A) is not required— ‘‘(i) for any person serving as a commercial market representative on the date of enact-ment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018, until the date that is 1 calendar year after the date on which the person was appointed as a commercial mar-ket representative; or ‘‘(ii) for any person serving as a commer-cial market representative on or before No-vember 25, 2015, until November 25, 2020. ‘‘(3) J
OB POSTING REQUIREMENTS .—The du- ties and certification requirements described in this subsection shall be included in any initial job posting for the position of a com-mercial market representative.’’. 
SA 374. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IX, add the following: 
SEC. lll. DESIGNATION OF OFFICE WITHIN OF-FICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DE-FENSE TO OVERSEE USE OF FOOD ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS BY MEM-BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES ON ACTIVE DUTY. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of De-fense shall designate an office or official within the Office of the Secretary of Defense for purposes as follows: (1) To discharge responsibility for over-seeing the efforts of the Department of De-fense to collect, analyze, and monitor data on the use of food assistance programs by members of the Armed Forces on active duty. (2) To establish and maintain relationships with other departments and agencies of the Federal Government to facilitate the dis-charge of the responsibility specified in para-graph (1). SA 375. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 832. OPTIMIZATION OF MICRO-PURCHASE THRESHOLD TO INCREASE GOVERN-MENT EFFICIENCY. 
(a) I NCREASE IN THRESHOLD .—Section 1902(a)(1) of title 41, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘sections 2338 and 2339’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2339’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘$3,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$10,000’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AND CLERICAL AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) Section 2338 of title 10, United States Code, is repealed. (2) The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 137 of such title is amended by strik-ing the item relating to section 2338. (c) C
ONVENIENCE CHECKS .—A convenience check may not be used for an amount in ex-cess of one half of the micro-purchase threshold under section 1902(a) of title 41, United States Code, or a lower amount set by the head of the agency. Use of conven-ience checks shall comply with controls pre-scribed in Office of Management and Budget Circular A–123, Appendix B. 
SA 376. Ms. DUCKWORTH (for her-self, Mr. D
URBIN , Mrs. E RNST , and Mr. G
RASSLEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XXVIII, add the following: 
SEC. lll. CERTIFICATION RELATED TO CER-TAIN ACQUISITIONS OR LEASES OF REAL PROPERTY. 
Section 2662(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘, as well as the certification described in para-graph (5).’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) For purposes of paragraph (2), the cer-tification described in this paragraph with respect to an acquisition or lease of real property is a certification that the Secretary concerned— ‘‘(A) evaluated the feasibility of using space in property under the jurisdiction of the Department of Defense to satisfy the purposes of the acquisition or lease; and ‘‘(B) determined that— ‘‘(i) space in property under the jurisdic-tion of the Department of Defense is not rea-sonably available to be used to satisfy the purposes of the acquisition or lease; ‘‘(ii) acquiring the property or entering into the lease would be more cost-effective than the use of the Department of Defense property; or ‘‘(iii) the use of the Department of Defense property would interfere with the ongoing military mission of the property.’’. SA 377. Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B
OOKER , and Mr. H EINRICH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST ELIMI-NATING OR REDUCING FEDERAL FUNDING TO STATES UNDER THE MEDICAID EXPANSION. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would eliminate or re-duce funding to States available under law in effect on the date of the adoption of this sec-tion to provide comprehensive, affordable health care to low-income Americans by eliminating or reducing the availability of Federal financial assistance to States avail-able under section 1905(y)(1) or 1905(z)(2) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396d(y)(1), 1396d(z)(2)) or other means, unless the Direc-tor of the Congressional Budget Office cer-tifies that the legislation would not— (1) increase the number of uninsured Amer-icans; (2) decrease Medicaid enrollment in States that have opted to expand eligibility for medical assistance under that program for low-income, non-elderly individuals under the eligibility option established by the Af-fordable Care Act under section 1902(a)(10)(A)(i)(VIII) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(a)(10)(A)(i)(VIII)); (3) reduce the likelihood that any State that, as of the date of the adoption of this section, has not opted to expand Medicaid under the eligibility option established by the Affordable Care Act under section 1902(a)(10)(A)(i)(VIII) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(a)(10)(A)(i)(VIII)) would opt to use that eligibility option to expand eligibility for medical assistance under that program for low-income, non-elderly individ-uals; and (4) increase the State share of Medicaid spending under that eligibility option. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 378. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.068 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4330 July 26, 2017 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. NULLIFICATION OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS. 
The provisions of, and the amendments made by, this Act that would reduce the Fed-eral Government’s financial commitment to currently active and successful Medicaid waivers under section 1115 of the Social Se-curity Act that are promoting the objectives of title XIX of such Act shall be null and void and this Act shall be applied and admin-istered as if such provisions and amendments had never been enacted. 
SA 379. Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. B
ROWN , Ms. H IRONO , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , and Mr. V ANHOLLEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pur-suant to title II of the concurrent reso-lution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. NULLIFICATION OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS. 
If the Congressional Budget Office deter-mines that the provisions of, or the amend-ments made by, this Act would increase the amount of uncompensated care provided by hospitals, such provisions or amendments shall be null and void and this Act shall be applied and administered as if such provi-sions and amendments had not been enacted. 
SA 380. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. MEMBERS OF CONGRESS. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, if, as a result of the enactment of this Act, the rate of uninsured individuals in the United States is higher on the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act than such rate was on the date of enactment of this Act, Members of Congress shall not be eligible for an employer contribution to their health plan premiums until the rate of uninsured individuals in the United States is equal to or lower than such rate on the date of enactment of this Act. 
SA 381. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. NULLIFICATION OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS. 
If the Congressional Budget Office deter-mines that the provisions of, or the amend-ments made by, this Act would increase the average premium or out-of-pocket health care costs for individuals who have attained 50 years of age, such provisions or amend-ments shall be null and void and this Act shall be applied and administered as if such provisions and amendments had not been en-acted. 
SA 382. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. REPEAL OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS IF PERCENTAGE OF UNINSURED IN-CREASES. 
Not later than 30 days after the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Congressional Budg-et Office shall determine whether the per-centage of uninsured individuals in America is higher than the percentage of such indi-viduals as of such date of enactment. If the percentage of such individuals has increased during that 1-year period as a result of changes made by this Act, effective as of the date of such determination, the provisions of, and the amendments made by, this Act that terminate the Medicaid expansion and impose Medicaid per capita caps shall be null and void and this Act shall be applied and administered as if such provisions and amendments had never been enacted. 
SA 383. Mr. FRANKEN (for himself, Mr. C
ORNYN , Ms. H EITKAMP , and Ms. B
ALDWIN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title V, add the following: PART II—RESERVE COMPONENT BENEFITS PARITY 
SEC. lll. ELIGIBILITY OF RESERVE COMPO-NENT MEMBERS FOR PRE-MOBILIZA-TION HEALTH CARE. 
Section 1074(d)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘in support of a contingency operation under’’ and insert-ing ‘‘under section 12304b of this title or’’. 
SEC. lll. ELIGIBILITY OF RESERVE COMPO-NENT MEMBERS FOR TRANSITIONAL HEALTH CARE. 
Section 1145(a)(2)(B) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘in sup-port of a contingency operation’’ and insert-ing ‘‘under section 12304b of this title or a provision of law referred to in section 101(a)(13)(B) of this title’’. 
SEC. lll. CONSIDERATION OF SERVICE ON AC-TIVE DUTY TO REDUCE AGE FOR ELIGIBILITY FOR RETIRED PAY FOR NON-REGULAR SERVICE. 
Section 12731(f)(2)(B)(i) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘under a provision of law referred to in section 101(a)(13)(B) or under section 12301(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘under section 12301(d) or 12304b of this title or a provision of law referred to in section 101(a)(13)(B)’’. 
SEC. lll. ELIGIBILITY OF RESERVE COMPO-NENT MEMBERS FOR HIGH-DEPLOY-MENT ALLOWANCE FOR LENGTHY OR NUMEROUS DEPLOYMENTS AND FREQUENT MOBILIZATIONS. 
Section 436(a)(2)(C)(ii) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by inserting after ‘‘under’’ the first place it appears the fol-lowing: ‘‘section 12304b of title 10 or’’. 
SEC. lll. ELIGIBILITY OF RESERVE COMPO-NENT MEMBERS FOR POST-9/11 EDU-CATIONAL ASSISTANCE. 
Section 3301(1)(B) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘or 12304’’ and inserting ‘‘12304, 12304a, or 12304b’’. SEC. lll. ELIGIBILITY OF RESERVE COMPO-NENT MEMBERS FOR NONREDUC-TION IN PAY WHILE SERVING IN THE UNIFORMED SERVICES OR NA-TIONAL GUARD. 
Section 5538(a) of title 5, United States Code, is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by inserting after ‘‘under’’ the following: ‘‘section 12304b of title 10 or’’. 
SEC. lll. EFFECT OF ORDER TO SERVE ON AC-TIVE DUTY ON ELIGIBILITY FOR OR USE OF CERTAIN MILITARY BENE-FITS. 
(a) E XCEPTION TO VOLUNTARY SEPARATION  P
AYREPAYMENT REQUIREMENT FOR MEMBERS  W
HORETURN TO ACTIVE DUTY.—Section 1175a(j)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘or 12304’’ and inserting ‘‘12304, 12304a, or 12304b’’. (b) T
IMELIMITATION FOR TRAINING AND RE-
HABILITATION FOR VETERANS WITHSERVICE - C
ONNECTED DISABILITIES .—Section 3103(f) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘or 12304’’ and inserting ‘‘12304, 12304a, or 12304b’’. 
SEC. lll. RETROACTIVE APPLICABILITY OF AMENDMENTS. 
The amendments made by this part shall apply with respect to any order for a member of a reserve component to serve on active duty under section 12304a or 12304b of title 10, United States Code, issued on or after Janu-ary 1, 2012. 
SA 384. Mr. MANCHIN (for himself, Mr. M
URPHY , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. K
ING, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. N ELSON , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , and Ms. W ARREN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 267 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll01. STEWARDSHIP FEE ON OPIOID PAIN RELIEVERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter E of chapter 32 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 4192. OPIOID PAIN RELIEVERS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There is hereby imposed on the sale of any active opioid by the manu-facturer, producer, or importer a fee equal to 1 cent per milligram so sold. ‘‘(b) A
CTIVE OPIOID .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘active opioid’ means any controlled substance (as defined in section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act, as in effect on the date of the enact-ment of this section) which is opium, an opi-ate, or any derivative thereof. ‘‘(2) E
XCLUSION FOR CERTAIN PRESCRIPTION  
MEDICATIONS .—Such term shall not include any prescribed drug which is used exclu-sively for the treatment of opioid addiction as part of a medically assisted treatment ef-fort. ‘‘(3) E
XCLUSION OF OTHER INGREDIENTS .—In the case of a product that includes an active opioid and another ingredient, subsection (a) shall apply only to the portion of such prod-uct that is an active opioid.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) The heading of subchapter E of chapter 32 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘Medical Devices’’ and inserting ‘‘Other Medical Products’’. (2) The table of subchapters for chapter 32 of such Code is amended by striking the item 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.065 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4331 July 26, 2017 
relating to subchapter E and inserting the following new item: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER E . OTHER MEDICAL PRODUCTS ’’. (3) The table of sections for subchapter E of chapter 32 of such Code is amended by add-ing at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 4192. Opioid pain relievers.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to sales on or after the date that is 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) R
EBATE OR DISCOUNT PROGRAM FOR CER-
TAIN CANCER AND HOSPICE PATIENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services, in consultation with patient advocacy groups and other relevant stakeholders as determined by such Sec-retary, shall establish a mechanism by which— (A) any amount paid by an eligible patient in connection with the stewardship fee under section 4192 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as added by this section) shall be re-bated to such patient in as timely a manner as possible, or (B) amounts paid by an eligible patient for active opioids (as defined in section 4192(b) of such Code) are discounted at time of pay-ment or purchase to ensure that such patient does not pay any amount attributable to such fee, with as little burden on the patient as pos-sible. The Secretary shall choose whichever of the options described in subparagraph (A) or (B) is, in the Secretary’s determination, most effective and efficient in ensuring eligi-ble patients face no economic burden from such fee. (2) E
LIGIBLE PATIENT .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘eligible patient’’ means— (A) a patient for whom any active opioid (as so defined) is prescribed to treat pain re-lating to cancer or cancer treatment; (B) a patient participating in hospice care; and (C) in the case of the death or incapacity of a patient described in subparagraph (A) or (B) or any similar situation as determined by the Secretary of Health and Human Services, the appropriate family member, medical proxy, or similar representative or the estate of such patient. 
SEC. ll02. BLOCK GRANTS FOR PREVENTION AND TREATMENT OF SUBSTANCE ABUSE. 
(a) G RANTS TO STATES .—Section 1921(b) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300x–21(b)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, and, as applicable, for carrying out section 1923A’’ before the period. (b) N
ONAPPLICABILITY OF PREVENTION PRO-
GRAM PROVISION .—Section 1922(a)(1) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300x– 22(a)(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘except with respect to amounts made available as described in section 1923A,’’ before ‘‘will ex-pend’’. (c) O
PIOID TREATMENT PROGRAMS .—Subpart II of part B of title XIX of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300x–21 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 1923 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1923A. ADDITIONAL SUBSTANCE ABUSE TREATMENT PROGRAMS. 
‘‘A funding agreement for a grant under section 1921 is that the State involved shall provide that any amounts made available by any increase in revenues to the Treasury in the previous fiscal year resulting from the enactment of section 4192 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, reduced by any amounts rebated or discounted under section l01(d) of the lllllll Act (as described in section 1933(a)(1)(B)(i)) be used exclusively for substance abuse (including opioid abuse) treatment efforts in the State, including— ‘‘(1) treatment programs— ‘‘(A) establishing new addiction treatment facilities, residential and outpatient, includ-ing covering capital costs; ‘‘(B) establishing sober living facilities; ‘‘(C) recruiting and increasing reimburse-ment for certified mental health providers providing substance abuse treatment in medically underserved communities or com-munities with high rates of prescription drug abuse; ‘‘(D) expanding access to long-term, resi-dential treatment programs for opioid ad-dicts (including 30-, 60-, and 90-day pro-grams); ‘‘(E) establishing or operating support pro-grams that offer employment services, hous-ing, and other support services to help recov-ering addicts transition back into society; ‘‘(F) establishing or operating housing for children whose parents are participating in substance abuse treatment programs, includ-ing capital costs; ‘‘(G) establishing or operating facilities to provide care for babies born with neonatal abstinence syndrome, including capital costs; and ‘‘(H) other treatment programs, as the Sec-retary determines appropriate; and ‘‘(2) recruitment and training of substance use disorder professionals to work in rural and medically underserved communities.’’. (d) ADDITIONAL FUNDING .—Section 1933(a)(1)(B)(i) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300x–33(a)(1)(B)(i)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, plus any increase in revenues to the Treasury in the previous fiscal year resulting from the enactment of section 4192 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, reduced by any amounts rebated or discounted under section l01(d) of the lllllll Act’’ be- fore the period. 
SEC. ll03. REPORT. 
Not later than 2 years after the date de-scribed in section ll01(c), the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall submit to Congress a report on the impact of the amendments made by sections l01 and l02 on— (1) the retail cost of active opioids (as de-fined in section 4192 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as added by section ll01); (2) patient access to such opioids, particu-larly cancer and hospice patients, including the effect of the discount or rebate on such opioids for cancer and hospice patients under section l01(d); (3) how the increase in revenue to the Treasury resulting from the enactment of section 4192 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is used to improve substance abuse treatment efforts in accordance with section 1923A of the Public Health Service Act (as added by section l02); and (4) suggestions for improving— (A) access to opioids for cancer and hospice patients; and (B) substance abuse treatment efforts under such section 1923A. 
SA 385. Mr. MANCHIN (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. HEALTH EDUCATION AND LITERACY FOR MEDICAID BENEFICIARIES. 
(a) G UIDELINES .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Secretary)’’ shall issue guidelines that require States to provide health education and literacy train-ing to Medicaid enrollees. The guidelines shall include information on the following: (1) Making healthy choices, including nu-trition, exercise, and smoking cessation. (2) How to manage chronic diseases. (3) How to navigate the healthcare system, including finding a primary care physician and seeking care at the appropriate location. (4) Helping Medicaid enrollees select a pri-mary care physician and make appoint-ments, when appropriate. (b) STATE IMPLEMENTATION .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, each State with a State Medicaid plan under title XIX of the Social Security Act shall implement the guidelines issued under subsection (a) and demonstrate to the Secretary that enrollees are receiving the health education and literacy training re-quired under such guidelines. In imple-menting such guidelines, a State shall take into consideration barriers to enrollee par-ticipation, including transportation, health status, language barriers, and such other barriers as the Secretary may designate. 
SA 386. Mr. MANCHIN (for himself, Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. K AINE, Mr. C
OONS , and Mr. C ASEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. NULLIFICATION OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS. 
The provisions of, and the amendments made by, this Act that would weaken the fi-nancial viability of the Black Lung Clinics serving coal miners with pneumoconiosis, in-cluding any provision that would cause an increase in the rate of uninsured individuals in the communities served by those clinics, shall be null and void and this Act shall be applied and administered as if such provi-sions and amendments had never been en-acted. 
SA 387. Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. C
ARPER , Mr. N ELSON , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Ms. S TABENOW , Ms. D UCKWORTH , and Mr. M
ARKEY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for rec-onciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. STRIKING PROVISIONS THAT WEAKEN THE ACCESSIBILITY AND AFFORD-ABILITY OF HEALTH BENEFITS AND SERVICES. 
Any provision of this Act that would weak-en access to essential health benefits, reduce access to affordable preventive services, or undermine the prohibition of annual and life-time limits and caps on out-of-pocket ex-penditures for health insurance plans shall be null and void and of no effect. 
SA 388. Mr. CRAPO (for himself and Mr. R
ISCH) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:28 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.075 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4332 July 26, 2017 
for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XXVIII, add the following: 
SEC. 2826. LAND CONVEYANCE, MOUNTAIN HOME AIR FORCE BASE, IDAHO. 
(a) C ONVEYANCE AUTHORIZED .—The Sec-retary of the Air Force may convey, without consideration, to the City of Mountain Home, Idaho (in this section referred to as the ‘‘City’’), all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to a parcel of real property, including improvements thereon, consisting of approximately 4.25 miles of railroad spur located near Mountain Home Air Force Base, Idaho, as further described in subsection (b), for the purpose of economic development. (b) M
AP AND LEGAL DESCRIPTION .— (1) F
INALIZING LEGAL DESCRIPTIONS .—As soon as practicable after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall finalize a map and the legal de-scription of the property to be conveyed under subsection (a). (2) M
INOR ERRORS .—The Secretary of the Air Force may correct any minor errors in the map or the legal description. (3) A
VAILABILITY .—The map and legal de-scription shall be on file and available for public inspection. (c) P
AYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCE .— (1) P
AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary may require the City to cover all costs (ex-cept costs for environmental remediation of the property) to be incurred by the Sec-retary, or to reimburse the Secretary for costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the conveyance under this section, including survey costs, costs for environmental docu-mentation, and any other administrative costs related to the conveyance. If amounts are collected from the City in advance of the Secretary incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the conveyance, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the City. (2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— Amounts received under paragraph (1) as re-imbursement for costs incurred by the Sec-retary to carry out the conveyance under subsection (a) shall be credited to the fund or account that was used to cover the costs in-curred by the Secretary in carrying out the conveyance, or to an appropriate fund or ac-count currently available to the Secretary for the purposes for which the costs were paid. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limita-tions, as amounts in such fund or account. (d) U
SERESERVATION .—The Secretary may reserve a right to temporarily use, for urgent reasons of national defense and at no cost to the United States, all or a portion of the railroad spur conveyed under subsection (a). (e) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .— The Secretary may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with the conveyance under subsection (a) as the Sec-retary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. 
SA 389. Mr. STRANGE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: SEC. 1ll. PREMIUM ASSISTANCE FOR LOW IN-COME INDIVIDUALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (h) of section 2105 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397ee), as added by this Act, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(h) S
HORT -TERM ASSISTANCE TO ADDRESS  C
OVERAGE AND ACCESS DISRUPTION AND PRO-
VIDE SUPPORT FOR STATES AND DIRECT PRE-
MIUM ASSISTANCE .— ‘‘(1) A
PPROPRIATION .—There are authorized to be appropriated, and are appropriated, out of monies in the Treasury not otherwise obli-gated— ‘‘(A) $15,000,000,000 for each of calendar years 2018 and 2019, and $10,000,000,000 for each of calendar years 2020 and 2021, to re-main available until expended, to the Ad-ministrator of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (in this subsection and subsection (i) referred to as the ‘Adminis-trator’) to fund arrangements with health in-surance issuers to assist in the purchase of health benefits coverage by addressing cov-erage and access disruption and responding to urgent health care needs within States; and ‘‘(B) such sums as are necessary for cal-endar year 2019 and each calendar year there-after to the Secretary of the Treasury for the purpose of making payments to the Ad-ministrator to allow the Administrator to make the premium assistance payments de-scribed in paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) P
REMIUM ASSISTANCE PAYMENTS .—For calendar year 2019 and each calendar year thereafter, with respect to each individual enrolled in a qualified health plan (as defined in section 1301(a) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act) for whom an ad-vance payment has been determined under section 1412 of such Act (as reported by the Secretary under subsection (c)(4)(B) of such section), the Administrator shall pay to the issuer of such plan the amount described in subsection (c)(4)(D) of such section. ‘‘(3) P
ARTICIPATION REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) G
UIDANCE .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this sub-section, the Administrator shall issue guid-ance to health insurance issuers regarding how to submit a notice of intent to partici-pate in the program established under this subsection. ‘‘(B) N
OTICE OF INTENT TO PARTICIPATE .—To be eligible for funding under this subsection, a health insurance issuer shall submit to the Administrator a notice of intent to partici-pate at such time (but, in the case of funding for calendar year 2018, not later than 35 days after the date of enactment of this sub-section and, in the case of funding for any subsequent calendar year, not later than March 31 of the previous year) and in such form and manner as specified by the Admin-istrator and containing— ‘‘(i) a certification that the health insur-ance issuer will use the funds in accordance with the requirements of paragraph (6); and ‘‘(ii) such information as the Adminis-trator may require to carry out this sub-section. ‘‘(4) P
ROCEDURE FOR DISTRIBUTION OF  
FUNDS .—The Administrator shall determine an appropriate procedure for providing and distributing funds under this subsection that includes reserving an amount equal to 1 per-cent of the amount appropriated under para-graph (1)(A) for a calendar year for providing and distributing funds to health insurance issuers in States where the cost of insurance premiums are at least 75 percent higher than the national average. ‘‘(5) N
O MATCH .—Neither the State percent-age applicable to payments to States under subsection (i)(5)(B) nor any other matching requirement shall apply to funds provided to health insurance issuers under this sub-section. ‘‘(6) USE OF FUNDS .—Funds provided to a health insurance issuer under paragraphs (1) and (2) shall be subject to the requirements of paragraphs (1)(D) and (7) of subsection (i) in the same manner as such requirements apply to States receiving payments under subsection (i) and shall be used only for the activities specified in paragraph (1)(A)(ii) of subsection (i) or, in the case of funds pro-vided under paragraph (2), for reducing the amount of the premiums charged to individ-uals as required under section 1412(c)(4)(E) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. ‘‘(7) M
ISUSE OF FUNDS .—If the Adminis-trator determines that a health insurance issuer is not using funds provided under this subsection in a manner consistent with the requirements applicable to such funds, the Administrator may withhold payments, re-duce payments, or recover previous pay-ments to such health insurance issuer under this subsection as the Administrator deems appropriate.’’. (b) P
ASS-THROUGH OF FUNDING .—Subsection (i) of section 2105 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397ee), as added by this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(8) P
ASS-THROUGH OF FUNDING .—Beginning in calendar year 2019, notwithstanding the other requirements of funds provided to States under this subsection, except for the requirements of paragraphs (1)(D) and (7), with respect to a State waiver under section 1332 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act under which, due to the structure of the State plan, individuals would not qualify for advance payments under section 1412 of such Act (or under which the amount of such payments would be reduced), the Sec-retary shall provide for an alternative means by which the aggregate amount of such pay-ments which would have been paid on behalf of participants in the Exchange established under such Act for or by the State if the State had not received such a waiver, shall be paid to the State for the purpose of assist-ing in the purchase of health benefits cov-erage by implementing the State plan under the waiver. Such amount shall be determined annually by the Secretary, taking into con-sideration the experience of other States with respect to participation in an Exchange and payments provided under such section to residents of the other States. A State may request that all of, or any portion of, the amount determined under this paragraph for the State for a year be paid to the State as described in subsection (h)(2).’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 2101(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397aa(a)), as previously amended by this Act, is amended in the mat-ter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘short-term assistance’’. (2) Section 2105(c)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397ee(c)(1)), as previously amended by this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘short-term assistance’’. (3) Section 1332(a) of the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18052(a)), as previously amended by this Act, is amended— (A) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E) Section 2105(h)(1)(B) of the Social Se-curity Act.’’; and (B) in paragraph (3), by striking subpara-graph (A) and redesignating subparagraphs (B) and (C) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), re-spectively. (d) P
HASEDOWN OF TAXCREDITS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 36B of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by section 102, is further amended 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.075 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4333 July 26, 2017 
by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(4) P
HASEDOWN OF PREMIUM ASSISTANCE  
CREDIT AMOUNT IN YEARS AFTER 2018 .—In the case of any taxable year beginning after 2018, the premium assistance credit amount is 1/10 of the amount determined under paragraph (1) (without regard to this paragraph).’’. (2) C
OORDINATION WITH DIRECT PREMIUM AS -
SISTANCE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (c) of section 1412 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) C
OORDINATION WITH DIRECT PREMIUM  
ASSISTANCE .—In the case of calendar, tax-able, and plan years beginning after Decem-ber 31, 2018— ‘‘(A) solely for purposes of this section, the premium tax credit under section 36B of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall be deter-mined without regard to subsection (b)(4) thereof; ‘‘(B) in addition to the persons described in paragraph (1), the Secretary shall notify the Administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services of the advance deter-mination under this section; ‘‘(C) notwithstanding subparagraph (A), only 
1⁄10of the advance payment determined under this section (but for this paragraph) shall be paid to the issuer of a qualified health plan as provided in paragraph (2); ‘‘(D) the remaining 
9⁄10of the advance pay-ment so determined shall be paid to the Ad-ministrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services for the purposes described in section 2105(h)(2) of the Social Security Act; and ‘‘(E) an issuer of a qualified health plan re-ceiving a payment from the Administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Serv-ices under section 2105(h)(2) of the Social Se-curity Act shall treat such payment for pur-poses of paragraph (2)(B) in the same manner as an advance payment under paragraph (2).’’. (B) R
ECAPTURE OF EXCESS PAYMENTS AND  
INFORMATION REPORTING .—Subsection (f) of section 36B of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘advance payments to a tax-payer under section 1412 of the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act for a taxable year exceed’’ in paragraph (2)(A) and insert-ing ‘‘aggregate sum of any advance pay-ments to a taxpayer under section 1412 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and any premium assistance paid to a health insurance issuer with respect to such tax-payer under section 2105(h)(2) of the Social Security Act for a taxable year exceeds’’, (ii) by inserting ‘‘or subsection (b)(4)’’ after ‘‘paragraph (1)’’ in paragraph (2)(A), (iii) by striking ‘‘or cost-sharing reduc-tions under section 1402 of such Act’’ in para-graph (3)(B) and inserting ‘‘, premium assist-ance under section 2105(h)(2) of the Social Security Act, or cost-sharing reductions under section 1402 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act’’, (iv) by striking ‘‘such Act’’ in paragraph (3)(C) and inserting ‘‘the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, and any premium assistance under section 2105(h)(2) of the So-cial Security Act’’, and (v) by striking ‘‘excess advance payments’’ in paragraph (3)(F) and inserting ‘‘an excess aggregate amount of advance payments and premium assistance payments for purposes of paragraph (2)’’. (C) R
EGULATIONS .—Subsection (g) of sec-tion 36B of such Code is amended by insert-ing ‘‘and payments for premium assistance’’ after ‘‘the credit’’ both places it appears. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to years beginning after December 31, 2018. SA 390. Mr. BLUNT submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2017; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. SIMPLIFICATION OF SEASONAL RULES FOR PURPOSES OF EM-PLOYER SHARED RESPONSIBILITY REQUIREMENT. 
(a) F ULL-TIME EMPLOYEE EXCEPTION FOR  D
ETERMINING ASSESSABLE PAYMENT .—Para- graph (4) of section 4980H(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as subparagraph (C), and (2) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION FOR SEASONAL EMPLOY -
EES.—Such term shall not include any sea-sonal employee.’’. (b) A
PPLICABLE LARGE EMPLOYER .—Sub- paragraph (B) of section 4980H(c)(2) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION FOR SEASONAL EMPLOY -
EES.—For purposes of this paragraph, sea-sonal employees shall not be taken into ac-count as employees.’’. (c) S
EASONAL EMPLOYEE .—Subsection (c) of section 4980H of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (5), (6), and (7) as paragraphs (6), (7), and (8), respec-tively, and (2) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(5) S
EASONAL EMPLOYEE .—The term ‘sea-sonal employee’ means an employee who is employed in a position for which the cus-tomary annual employment is not more than 6 months and which requires performing labor or services which are ordinarily per-formed at certain seasons or periods of the year.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect as if included in section 1513 of the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act. 
SA 391. Mr. GRAHAM (for himself and Mr. C
ASSIDY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1628, to provide for rec-onciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: TITLE I 
SEC. 101. ELIMINATION OF LIMITATION ON RE-CAPTURE OF EXCESS ADVANCE PAY-MENTS OF PREMIUM TAX CREDITS. 
Subparagraph (B) of section 36B(f)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iii) N
ONAPPLICABILITY OF LIMITATION .— This subparagraph shall not apply to taxable years ending after December 31, 2017.’’. 
SEC. 102. PREMIUM TAX CREDIT. 
(a) P REMIUM TAXCREDIT .— (1) M
ODIFICATION OF DEFINITION OF QUALI -
FIED HEALTH PLAN .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 36B(c)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘or a plan that includes coverage for abortions (other than any abortion nec-essary to save the life of the mother or any abortion with respect to a pregnancy that is the result of an act of rape or incest)’’. (B) EFFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by this paragraph shall apply to tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2017. (2) R
EPEAL .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subpart C of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking section 36B. (B) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by this paragraph shall apply to tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2019. (b) R
EPEAL OF ELIGIBILITY DETERMINA -
TIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The following sections of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act are repealed: (A) Section 1411 (other than subsection (i), the last sentence of subsection (e)(4)(A)(ii), and such provisions of such section solely to the extent related to the application of the last sentence of subsection (e)(4)(A)(ii)). (B) Section 1412. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The repeals in para-graph (1) shall take effect on January 1, 2020. (c) P
ROTECTING AMERICANS BY REPEAL OF  D
ISCLOSURE AUTHORITY TOCARRY OUTELIGI-
BILITY REQUIREMENTS FOR CERTAIN PRO-
GRAMS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraph (21) of section 6103(l) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) T
ERMINATION .—No disclosure may be made under this paragraph after December 31, 2019.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on January 1, 2020. 
SEC. 103. MODIFICATIONS TO SMALL BUSINESS TAX CREDIT. 
(a) S UNSET .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 45R of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(j) S
HALL NOTAPPLY .—This section shall not apply with respect to amounts paid or incurred in taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2019.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by this subsection shall apply to tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2019. (b) D
ISALLOWANCE OF SMALL EMPLOYER  H
EALTH INSURANCE EXPENSE CREDIT FOR  P
LAN WHICH INCLUDES COVERAGE FOR ABOR-
TION.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (h) of section 45R of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘Any term’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any term’’, and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) E
XCLUSION OF HEALTH PLANS INCLUDING  
COVERAGE FOR ABORTION .—The term ‘quali-fied health plan’ does not include any health plan that includes coverage for abortions (other than any abortion necessary to save the life of the mother or any abortion with respect to a pregnancy that is the result of an act of rape or incest).’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 104. INDIVIDUAL MANDATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5000A(c) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)(B)(iii), by striking ‘‘2.5 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘Zero percent’’, and (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘$695’’ in subparagraph (A) and inserting ‘‘$0’’, and (B) by striking subparagraph (D). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to months beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 105. EMPLOYER MANDATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.079 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4334 July 26, 2017 
(1) Paragraph (1) of section 4980H(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting ‘‘($0 in the case of months begin-ning after December 31, 2015)’’ after ‘‘$2,000’’. (2) Paragraph (1) of section 4980H(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting ‘‘($0 in the case of months begin-ning after December 31, 2015)’’ after ‘‘$3,000’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to months beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 106. SHORT TERM ASSISTANCE FOR STATES AND MARKET-BASED HEALTH CARE GRANT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2105 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397ee) is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-sections: ‘‘(h) S
HORT -TERM ASSISTANCE TO ADDRESS  C
OVERAGE AND ACCESS DISRUPTION AND PRO-
VIDE SUPPORT FOR STATES .— ‘‘(1) A
PPROPRIATION .—There are authorized to be appropriated, and are appropriated, out of monies in the Treasury not otherwise obli-gated, $20,000,000,000 for each of calendar years 2018 and 2019, and $15,000,000,000 for cal-endar year 2020, to the Administrator of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (in this subsection and subsection (i) referred to as the ‘Administrator’) to fund arrangements with health insurance issuers to assist in the purchase of health benefits coverage by ad-dressing coverage and access disruption and responding to urgent health care needs with-in States. Funds appropriated under this paragraph shall remain available until ex-pended. ‘‘(2) P
ARTICIPATION REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) G
UIDANCE .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this sub-section, the Administrator shall issue guid-ance to health insurance issuers regarding how to submit a notice of intent to partici-pate in the program established under this subsection. ‘‘(B) N
OTICE OF INTENT TO PARTICIPATE .—To be eligible for funding under this subsection, a health insurance issuer shall submit to the Administrator a notice of intent to partici-pate at such time (but, in the case of funding for calendar year 2018, not later than 35 days after the date of enactment of this sub-section and, in the case of funding for cal-endar year 2019, 2020, or 2021, not later than March 31 of the previous year) and in such form and manner as specified by the Admin-istrator and containing— ‘‘(i) a certification that the health insur-ance issuer will use the funds in accordance with the requirements of paragraph (5); and ‘‘(ii) such information as the Adminis-trator may require to carry out this sub-section. ‘‘(3) P
ROCEDURE FOR DISTRIBUTION OF  
FUNDS .—The Administrator shall determine an appropriate procedure for providing and distributing funds under this subsection. ‘‘(4) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Funds provided to a health insurance issuer under paragraph (1) shall be subject to the requirements of para-graphs (1)(D) and (7) of subsection (i) in the same manner as such requirements apply to States receiving payments under subsection (i) and shall be used only for the activities specified in paragraph (1)(A)(ii) of subsection (i). ‘‘(i) M
ARKET -BASED HEALTH CARE GRANT  P
ROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) A
PPLICATION AND CERTIFICATION RE -
QUIREMENTS .—To be eligible for an allotment of funds under this subsection, a State shall submit to the Administrator an application, not later than March 31, 2019, in the case of allotments for calendar year 2020, and not later than March 31 of the previous year, in the case of allotments for any subsequent calendar year) and in such form and manner as specified by the Administrator, that con-tains the following: ‘‘(A) A description of how the funds will be used to do 1 or more of the following: ‘‘(i) To establish or maintain a program or mechanism to help high-risk individuals in the purchase of health benefits coverage, in-cluding by reducing premium costs for such individuals, who have or are projected to have a high rate of utilization of health serv-ices, as measured by cost, and who do not have access to health insurance coverage of-fered through an employer, enroll in health insurance coverage under a plan offered in the individual market (within the meaning of section 5000A(f)(1)(C) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986). ‘‘(ii) To establish or maintain a program to enter into arrangements with health insur-ance issuers to assist in the purchase of health benefits coverage by stabilizing pre-miums and promoting State health insur-ance market participation and choice in plans offered in the individual market (with-in the meaning of section 5000A(f)(1)(C) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986). ‘‘(iii) To provide payments for health care providers for the provision of health care services, as specified by the Administrator. ‘‘(iv) To provide health insurance coverage by funding assistance to reduce out-of-pock-et costs, such as copayments, coinsurance, and deductibles, of individuals enrolled in plans offered in the individual market (with-in the meaning of section 5000A(f)(1)(C) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986). ‘‘(v) To establish or maintain a program or mechanism to help individuals purchase health benefits coverage, including by reduc-ing premium costs for plans offered in the in-dividual market (within the meaning of sec-tion 5000A(f)(1)(C) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) for individuals who do not have access to health insurance coverage offered through an employer. ‘‘(vi) Subject to paragraph (4)(B)(iii), to provide wraparound, optional services to in-dividuals enrolled in the State plan for med-ical assistance under title XIX who are not only eligible for such assistance on the basis of section 1902(a)(10)(A)(ii)(XXIII). ‘‘(B) A certification that the State shall make, from non-Federal funds, expenditures for 1 or more of the activities specified in subparagraph (A) in an amount that is not less than the State percentage required for the year under paragraph (5)(B)(ii). ‘‘(C) A certification that the funds pro-vided under this subsection shall only be used for the activities specified in subpara-graph (A). ‘‘(D) A certification that none of the funds provided under this subsection shall be used by the State for an expenditure that is at-tributable to an intergovernmental transfer, certified public expenditure, or any other ex-penditure to finance the non-Federal share of expenditures required under any provision of law, including under the State plans estab-lished under this title and title XIX or under a waiver of such plans. ‘‘(E) Such other information as necessary for the Administrator to carry out this sub-section. ‘‘(2) ELIGIBILITY .—Only the 50 States and the District of Columbia shall be eligible for an allotment and payments under this sub-section and all references in this subsection to a State shall be treated as only referring to the 50 States and the District of Colum-bia. ‘‘(3) O
NE-TIME APPLICATION .—If an applica-tion of a State submitted under this sub-section is approved by the Administrator for a year, the application shall be deemed to be approved by the Administrator for that year and each subsequent year through December 31, 2026. ‘‘(4) MARKET -BASED HEALTH CARE GRANT AL -
LOTMENTS .— ‘‘(A) A
PPROPRIATION .—For the purpose of providing allotments to States under this subsection, there is appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-priated— ‘‘(i) for calendar year 2020, ø$140,000,000,000¿; ‘‘(ii) for calendar year 2021, ø$143,000,000,000¿; ‘‘(iii) for calendar year 2022, ø$146,000,000,000¿; ‘‘(iv) for calendar year 2023, ø$149,000,000,000¿; ‘‘(v) for calendar year 2024, ø$152,000,000,000¿; ‘‘(vi) for calendar year 2025, ø$155,000,000,000¿; and ‘‘(vii) for calendar year 2026, ø$158,000,000,000¿. ‘‘(B) A
LLOTMENTS ; AVAILABILITY OF ALLOT -
MENTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a State with an application approved under this sub-section with respect to a year, the Adminis-trator shall allot to the State for the year, from amounts appropriated for such year under subparagraph (A), the amount deter-mined for the State and year under para-graph (5). ‘‘(ii) A
VAILABILITY OF ALLOTMENTS ; UNUSED  
AMOUNTS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Amounts allotted to a State for a calendar year under this subpara-graph shall remain available for obligation by the State through March 31 of the second calendar year following the year for which the allotment is made. ‘‘(II) U
NUSED AMOUNTS TO BE USED FOR DEF -
ICIT REDUCTION .—Amounts allotted to a State for a calendar year that remain unobli-gated on April 1 of the following year shall be deposited into the general fund of the Treasury and shall be used for deficit reduc-tion. ‘‘(iii) L
IMITATION .—In no case may a State use more than 10 percent of the amount al-lotted to the State for a year under this sub-paragraph for the purpose described in clause (vi) of paragraph (1)(A). ‘‘(5) D
ETERMINATION OF ALLOTMENT  
AMOUNTS .— ‘‘(A) C
ALENDAR YEAR 2020 .—Subject to sub-paragraph (B), the amount determined under this paragraph for a State for calendar year 2020 shall be equal to the sum of each of the following component amounts which is ap-plicable to the State: ‘‘(i) With respect to each State, an amount equal to 10 percent of the amount appro-priated for calendar year 2020 under para-graph (4)(A) multiplied by the ratio of— ‘‘(I) the number of individuals in the State whose income for calendar year 2019 was not less than 100 percent, and not greater than 138 percent, of the poverty line (as defined in section 2110(c)(5)) applicable to a family of the size involved; over ‘‘(II) the number of individuals in all States whose income for calendar year 2019 was not less than 100 percent, and not great-er than 138 percent, of the poverty line (as so defined) applicable to a family of the size in-volved. ‘‘(ii) With respect to each State, an amount equal to 20 percent of the amount so appropriated multiplied by the ratio of— ‘‘(I) the number of individuals in the State who are not less than 45 and not more than 64 years old; over ‘‘(II) the number of individuals in all States who are not less than 45 and not more than 64 years old. ‘‘(iii) With respect to each State that, for calendar year 2016, had a State average per capita income that did not exceed $52,500, an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.080 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4335 July 26, 2017 
amount equal to 25 percent of the amount so appropriated multiplied by the ratio of— ‘‘(I) the number of individuals in the State whose income for calendar year 2019 was not less than 100 percent, and not greater than 138 percent, of the poverty line (as defined in section 2110(c)(5)) applicable to a family of the size involved; over ‘‘(II) the number of individuals in all States that, for calendar year 2016, had a State average per capita income that did not exceed $52,500, whose income for calendar year 2019 was not less than 100 percent, and not greater than 138 percent, of the poverty line (as so defined) applicable to a family of the size involved. ‘‘(iv) With respect to each State that, for calendar year 2016, had an average popu-lation density of fewer than 15 individuals per square mile, an amount equal to 1 per-cent of the amount so appropriated divided by the number of such States. ‘‘(v) With respect to each State that, for calendar year 2016, had an average popu-lation density that was greater than 14 indi-viduals per square mile but fewer than 80 in-dividuals per square mile, an amount equal to 3.5 percent of the amount so appropriated, divided by the number of such States. ‘‘(vi) With respect to each State that, for calendar year 2016, had an average popu-lation density that was greater than 79 indi-viduals per square mile but fewer than 115 in-dividuals per square mile, an amount equal to 5.5 percent of the amount so appropriated, divided by the number of such States. ‘‘(vii) With respect to each State that was an expansion State for calendar year 2017, an amount equal to 35 percent of the amount so appropriated multiplied by the ratio of— ‘‘(I) the number of individuals in the State whose income for calendar year 2016 was not less than 100 percent, and not greater than 138 percent of the poverty line (as defined in section 2110(c)(5)) applicable to a family of the size involved; over ‘‘(II) the number of individuals in all States that were expansion States for cal-endar year 2017 whose income for calendar year 2016 was not less than 100 percent, and not greater than 138 percent, of the poverty line (as so defined) applicable to a family of the size involved. ‘‘(B) C
ALENDAR YEAR 2020 ALLOTMENT PA -
RAMETERS .—The Secretary shall adjust the amounts of allotments determined under this paragraph for States for calendar year 2020 under subparagraph (A) as necessary to ensure that a State’s allotment for calendar year 2026 (prior to any redistribution of unallotted funds under subparagraph (G)) shall in no case be— ‘‘(i) greater than 3 times the sum of— ‘‘(I) the amount of Federal payments made to the State for calendar year 2016 for med-ical assistance provided to individuals under clause (i)(VIII) or (ii)(XX) of section 1902(a)(10)(A) (including medical assistance provided to individuals who are not newly el-igible (as defined in section 1905(y)(2)) indi-viduals described in subclause (VIII) of sec-tion 1902(a)(10)(A)(i)); ‘‘(II) the amount of Federal payments made to the State for calendar year 2016 for operating a Basic Health Program under sec-tion 1331 of the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act for such year; ‘‘(III) the amount of advance payments of premium assistance credits allowable under section 36B of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 made under section 1412(a) of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act in calendar year 2016 on behalf of individuals who purchased insurance through the Ex-change established for or by the State pursu-ant to title I of such Act; and ‘‘(IV) the amount of Federal payments for cost-sharing reductions provided for cal-endar year 2016 under section 1402 of such Act to individuals who purchased insurance through the Exchange established for or by the State pursuant to title I of such Act; or ‘‘(ii) less than 75 percent of the sum of the amounts described in subclauses (I) through (IV) of clause (i). ‘‘(C) CALENDAR YEARS AFTER 2020 AND BE -
FORE 2026 .—Subject to subparagraph (F), For calendar years after 2020 and before 2026, the amount determined under this paragraph for a State and year shall be equal to— ‘‘(i) for calendar years before 2025— ‘‘(I) the amount determined for the State under subparagraph (A) (after adjustment under subparagraph (B), if applicable) or this subparagraph for the previous year; in-creased by ‘‘(II) the percentage increase in the med-ical care component of the consumer price index for all urban consumers (U.S. city av-erage) from October 1 of the previous cal-endar year to October 1 of the calendar year involved; ‘‘(ii) for calendar year 2025— ‘‘(I) the amount determined for the State under this subparagraph for the previous year; increased by ‘‘(II) the percentage increase in the con-sumer price index for all urban consumers (U.S. city average) from October 1 of the pre-vious calendar year to October 1 of the cal-endar year involved. ‘‘(D) C
ALENDAR YEAR 2026 .—Subject to sub-paragraph (E), the amount determined under this paragraph for a State for calendar year 2026 shall be equal to the sum of each of the following component amounts which is ap-plicable to the State: ‘‘(i) With respect to each State, an amount equal to 15.5 percent of the amount appro-priated for calendar year 2026 under para-graph (4)(A) multiplied by the ratio of— ‘‘(I) the number of individuals in the State whose income for calendar year 2025 was not less than 100 percent, and not greater than 138 percent, of the poverty line (as defined in section 2110(c)(5)) applicable to a family of the size involved; over ‘‘(II) the number of individuals in all States whose income for calendar year 2025 was not less than 100 percent, and not great-er than 138 percent, of the poverty line (as so defined) applicable to a family of the size in-volved. ‘‘(ii) With respect to each State, an amount equal to 30 percent of the amount so appropriated multiplied by the ratio of— ‘‘(I) the number of individuals in the State who are not less than 45 and not more than 64 years old; over ‘‘(II) the number of individuals in all States who are not less than 45 and not more than 64 years old. ‘‘(iii) With respect to each State that, for calendar year 2025, had a State average per capita income that did not exceed $52,500, an amount equal to 39 percent of the amount so appropriated multiplied by the ratio of— ‘‘(I) the number of individuals in the State whose income for calendar year 2025 was not less than 100 percent, and not greater than 138 percent, of the poverty line (as defined in section 2110(c)(5)) applicable to a family of the size involved; over ‘‘(II) the number of individuals in all States that, for calendar year 2025, had a State average per capita income that did not exceed $52,500, whose income for calendar year 2019 was not less than 100 percent, and not greater than 138 percent, of the poverty line (as so defined) applicable to a family of the size involved. ‘‘(iv) With respect to each State that, for calendar year 2025, had an average popu-lation density of fewer than 15 individuals per square mile, an amount equal to 1.5 per-cent of the amount so appropriated divided by the number of such States. ‘‘(v) With respect to each State that, for calendar year 2025, had an average popu-lation density that was greater than 14 indi-viduals per square mile but fewer than 80 in-dividuals per square mile, an amount equal to 5.5 percent of the amount so appropriated, divided by the number of such States. ‘‘(vi) With respect to each State that, for calendar year 2025, had an average popu-lation density that was greater than 79 indi-viduals per square mile but fewer than 115 in-dividuals per square mile, an amount equal to 8.5 percent of the amount so appropriated, divided by the number of such States. ‘‘(E) CALENDAR YEAR 2026 ALLOTMENT PA -
RAMETERS .—The Secretary shall adjust the amounts of allotments determined under this paragraph for States for calendar year 2026 as necessary to ensure that a State’s al-lotment for calendar year 2026 (prior to any adjustment which may be applicable under subparagraph (F) or distribution under sub-paragraph (G)) shall in no case be— ‘‘(i) greater than 3.5 times the sum of— ‘‘(I) the amount of Federal payments made to the State for calendar year 2016 for med-ical assistance provided to individuals under clause (i)(VIII) or (ii)(XX) of section 1902(a)(10)(A) (including medical assistance provided to individuals who are not newly el-igible (as defined in section 1905(y)(2)) indi-viduals described in subclause (VIII) of sec-tion 1902(a)(10)(A)(i)); ‘‘(II) the amount of Federal payments made to the State for calendar year 2016 for operating a Basic Health Program under sec-tion 1331 of the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act for such year; ‘‘(III) the amount of advance payments of premium assistance credits allowable under section 36B of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 made under section 1412(a) of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act in calendar year 2016 on behalf of individuals who purchased insurance through the Ex-change established for or by the State pursu-ant to title I of such Act; and ‘‘(IV) the amount of Federal payments for cost-sharing reductions provided for cal-endar year 2016 under section 1402 of such Act to individuals who purchased insurance through the Exchange established for or by the State pursuant to title I of such Act; or ‘‘(ii) less than 75 percent of the sum of the amounts described in subclauses (I) through (IV) of clause (i). ‘‘(F) L
OW INCOME POPULATION ADJUST -
MENT .— ‘‘(i) F
OR CALENDAR YEARS 2021 THROUGH  
2025.—For each of calendar years 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024, and 2025 if a State’s low income per capita allotment amount for the year (as de-fined in clause (iii))— ‘‘(I) exceeds the mean low income per cap-ita allotment amount for all States for the year by not less than 15 percent, the State’s allotment for the year (as determined under subparagraph (C)) shall be reduced by a per-centage that shall be determined by the Sec-retary but which shall not be less than 0.5 percent or greater than 5 percent; or ‘‘(II) is not less than 15 percent below the mean low income per capita allotment amount for all States for the year, the State’s allotment for the year (as so deter-mined) shall be increased by a percentage that shall be determined by the Secretary but which shall not be less than 0.5 percent or greater than 5 percent. ‘‘(ii) F
OR CALENDAR YEAR 2026 .—For cal- endar year 2026, Secretary shall adjust the allotment for the year for each State with a low income per capita allotment amount (as defined in clause (iii)) that exceeds the mean low income per capita allotment amount for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.080 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4336 July 26, 2017 
all States for the year by more than 10 per-cent or is below such mean amount by not less than 10 percent in such a manner that the low income per capita allotment for each such State (after the adjustment under this clause) is within 10 percent of such mean amount. ‘‘(iii) L
OW INCOME PER CAPITA ALLOTMENT  
AMOUNT .—The term ‘low income per capita allotment amount’ means, with respect to a State and year— ‘‘(I) the State’s allotment for the year, as determined under subparagraph (C); divided by ‘‘(II) the number of individuals in the State— ‘‘(aa) whose income for the previous cal-endar year did not exceed 138 percent of the poverty line (as defined in section 2110(c)(5)) applicable to a family of the size involved; and ‘‘(bb) who, during the previous calendar year, were not enrolled under the State plan under title XIX (except that, in the case of an individual who is enrolled under the State plan under clause (i)(VIII), (ii)(XX), or (ii)(XXIII) of section 1902(a)(10)(A) or is de-scribed in any such clause and is enrolled under a waiver of such plan, shall not be con-sidered to be enrolled under such State plan for purposes of this clause). ‘‘(iv) R
ULES OF APPLICATION .— ‘‘(I) B
UDGET NEUTRALITY REQUIREMENT .—In determining the appropriate percentages by which to adjust States’ allotments for a cal-endar year under this subparagraph, the Sec-retary shall make such adjustments in a manner that does not result in a net increase in Federal payments under this section for such year, and if the Secretary cannot adjust such expenditures in such a manner there shall be no adjustment under this paragraph for such year. ‘‘(II) N
ONAPPLICATION TO LOW -DENSITY  
STATES .—This paragraph shall not apply to any State that has a population density of less than 15 individuals per square mile, based on the most recent data available from the Bureau of the Census. ‘‘(G) D
ISTRIBUTION OF UNALLOTTED FUNDS .— To the extent that any funds appropriated for a calendar year under paragraph (4)(A) remain unallotted after the determinations and adjustments made under the preceding subparagraphs of this paragraph, the Sec-retary shall increase the allotments so deter-mined and adjusted for States that have a low income per capita allotment amount that is below the mean low income per cap-ita allotment amount for all States in a manner to be determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(H) E
XPANSION STATE DEFINED .—In this paragraph, the term ‘expansion State’ means, with respect to a State and year, a State that provided for eligibility for med-ical assistance under the State plan estab-lished under title XIX on the basis of clause (i)(VIII) or (ii)(XX) of section 1902(a)(10)(A) (or provided eligibility for individuals de-scribed in either such clause under a waiver approved under section 1115) during calendar year 2017. ‘‘(6) P
AYMENTS .— ‘‘(A) A
NNUAL PAYMENT OF ALLOTMENTS .— Subject to subparagraph (B), the Adminis-trator shall pay to each State that has an application approved under this subsection for a year, from the amount allotted to the State under paragraph (4)(B) for the year, an amount equal to the Federal percentage of the State’s expenditures for the year. ‘‘(B) S
TATE EXPENDITURES REQUIRED BEGIN -
NING 2022 .—For purposes of subparagraph (A), the Federal percentage is equal to 100 per-cent reduced by the State percentage for that year, and the State percentage is equal to— ‘‘(i) in the case of calendar year 2020, 3 per-cent; ‘‘(ii) in the case of calendar year 2021, 3 percent; ‘‘(iii) in the case of calendar year 2022, 4 percent; ‘‘(iv) in the case of calendar year 2023, 4 percent; ‘‘(v) in the case of calendar year 2024, 5 per-cent; ‘‘(vi) in the case of calendar year 2025, 5 percent; and ‘‘(vii) in the case of calendar year 2026, 5 percent. ‘‘(C) ADVANCE PAYMENT ; RETROSPECTIVE AD -
JUSTMENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—If the Administrator deems it appropriate, the Administrator shall make payments under this subsection for each year on the basis of advance esti-mates of expenditures submitted by the State and such other investigation as the Administrator shall find necessary, and shall reduce or increase the payments as nec-essary to adjust for any overpayment or un-derpayment for prior years. ‘‘(ii) M
ISUSE OF FUNDS .—If the Adminis-trator determines that a State is not using funds paid to the State under this subsection in a manner consistent with the description provided by the State in its application ap-proved under paragraph (1), the Adminis-trator may withhold payments, reduce pay-ments, or recover previous payments to the State under this subsection as the Adminis-trator deems appropriate. ‘‘(D) F
LEXIBILITY IN SUBMITTAL OF  
CLAIMS .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed as preventing a State from claim-ing as expenditures in the year expenditures that were incurred in a previous year. ‘‘(7) E
XEMPTIONS .—Paragraphs (2), (3), (5), (6), (8), (10), and (11) of subsection (c) do not apply to payments under this subsection.’’. (b) O
THER TITLE XXI A MENDMENTS .— (1) Section 2101 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1397aa) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘The pur-pose’’ and inserting ‘‘Except with respect to short-term assistance activities under sec-tion 2105(h) and the Market-Based Health Care Grant Program established in section 2105(i), the purpose’’; and (B) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘sub-section (a) or (g) of’’ before ‘‘section 2105’’. (2) Section 2105(c)(1) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1397ee(c)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘and may not include’’ and inserting ‘‘or to carry out short-term assistance activities under subsection (h) or the Market-Based Health Care Grant Program established in sub-section (i) and, except in the case of funds made available under subsection (h) or (i), may not include’’. (3) Section 2106(a)(1) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1397ff(a)(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘sub-section (a) or (g) of’’ before ‘‘section 2105’’. 
SEC. 107. BETTER CARE RECONCILIATION IMPLE-MENTATION FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There is hereby estab-lished a Better Care Reconciliation Imple-mentation Fund (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Fund’’) within the Department of Health and Human Services to provide for Federal administrative expenses in carrying out this Act. (b) F
UNDING .—There is appropriated to the Fund, out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $2,000,000,000. 
SEC. 108. REPEAL OF THE TAX ON EMPLOYEE HEALTH INSURANCE PREMIUMS AND HEALTH PLAN BENEFITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 43 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking section 4980I. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2019. (c) S
UBSEQUENT EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall not apply to taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2025, and chapter 43 of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as such chapter would read if such sub-section had never been enacted. 
SEC. 109. REPEAL OF TAX ON OVER-THE- COUNTER MEDICATIONS. 
(a) HSA S.—Subparagraph (A) of section 223(d)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘Such term’’ and all that follows through the period. (b) A
RCHER MSA S.—Subparagraph (A) of section 220(d)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘Such term’’ and all that follows through the pe-riod. (c) H
EALTH FLEXIBLE SPENDING ARRANGE -
MENTS AND HEALTH REIMBURSEMENT AR-
RANGEMENTS .—Section 106 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking subsection (f). (d) E
FFECTIVE DATES .— (1) D
ISTRIBUTIONS FROM SAVINGS AC -
COUNTS .—The amendments made by sub-sections (a) and (b) shall apply to amounts paid with respect to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016. (2) R
EIMBURSEMENTS .—The amendment made by subsection (c) shall apply to ex-penses incurred with respect to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 110. REPEAL OF TAX ON HEALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNTS. 
(a) HSA S.—Section 223(f)(4)(A) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘20 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘10 per-cent’’. (b) A
RCHER MSA S.—Section 220(f)(4)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘20 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘15 percent’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to distribu-tions made after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 111. REPEAL OF MEDICAL DEVICE EXCISE TAX. 
Section 4191 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) A
PPLICABILITY .—The tax imposed under subsection (a) shall not apply to sales after December 31, 2017.’’. 
SEC. 112. REPEAL OF ELIMINATION OF DEDUC-TION FOR EXPENSES ALLOCABLE TO MEDICARE PART D SUBSIDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 139A of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by add-ing at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘This section shall not be taken into ac-count for purposes of determining whether any deduction is allowable with respect to any cost taken into account in determining such payment.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 113. REPEAL OF CHRONIC CARE TAX. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 213 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘10 percent’’ and insert-ing ‘‘7.5 percent’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 114. PURCHASE OF INSURANCE FROM HEALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (2) of section 223(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and any dependent (as de-fined in section 152, determined without re-gard to subsections (b)(1), (b)(2), and (d)(1)(B) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.080 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4337 July 26, 2017 
thereof) of such individual’’ in subparagraph (A) and inserting ‘‘any dependent (as defined in section 152, determined without regard to subsections (b)(1), (b)(2), and (d)(1)(B) there-of) of such individual, and any child (as de-fined in section 152(f)(1)) of such individual who has not attained the age of 27 before the end of such individual’s taxable year’’, (2) by striking subparagraph (B) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(B) H
EALTH INSURANCE MAY NOT BE PUR -
CHASED FROM ACCOUNT .—Except as provided in subparagraph (C), subparagraph (A) shall not apply to any payment for insurance.’’, and (3) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subpara-graph (C)(iii), by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (C)(iv) and inserting ‘‘, or’’, and by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) a high deductible health plan but only to the extent of the portion of such expense in excess of— ‘‘(I) any amount allowable as a credit under section 36B for the taxable year with respect to such coverage, ‘‘(II) any amount allowable as a deduction under section 162(l) with respect to such cov-erage, or ‘‘(III) any amount excludable from gross income with respect to such coverage under section 106 (including by reason of section 125) or 402(l).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to amounts paid for expenses incurred for, and distributions made for, coverage under a high deductible health plan beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 115. PRIMARY CARE ENHANCEMENT. 
(a) T REATMENT OF DIRECT PRIMARY CARE S
ERVICE ARRANGEMENTS .—Section 223(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(6) T
REATMENT OF DIRECT PRIMARY CARE  
SERVICE ARRANGEMENTS .—An arrangement under which an individual is provided cov-erage restricted to primary care services in exchange for a fixed periodic fee or payment for such services— ‘‘(A) shall not be treated as a health plan for purposes of paragraph (1)(A)(ii), and ‘‘(B) shall not be treated as insurance for purposes of subsection (d)(2)(B).’’. (b) C
ERTAIN PROVIDER FEES TO BETREATED  
ASMEDICAL CARE.—Section 213(d) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(12) P
ERIODIC PROVIDER FEES .—The term ‘medical care’ shall include periodic fees paid for a defined set of primary care medical services provided on an as-needed basis.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 116. MAXIMUM CONTRIBUTION LIMIT TO HEALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNT IN-CREASED TO AMOUNT OF DEDUCT-IBLE AND OUT-OF-POCKET LIMITA-TION. 
(a) S ELF-ONLY COVERAGE .—Section 223(b)(2)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘$2,250’’ and in-serting ‘‘the amount in effect under sub-section (c)(2)(A)(ii)(I)’’. (b) F
AMILY COVERAGE .—Section 223(b)(2)(B) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘$4,500’’ and inserting ‘‘the amount in effect under subsection (c)(2)(A)(ii)(II)’’. (c) C
OST-OF-LIVING ADJUSTMENT .—Section 223(g)(1) of such Code is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘subsections (b)(2) and’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘sub-section’’, and (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘deter-mined by’’ and all that follows through ‘‘‘calendar year 2003’.’’ and inserting ‘‘deter-mined by substituting ‘calendar year 2003’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof.’’. (d) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 117. ALLOW BOTH SPOUSES TO MAKE CATCH-UP CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE SAME HEALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 223(b)(5) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(5) S
PECIAL RULE FOR MARRIED INDIVID -
UALS WITH FAMILY COVERAGE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of individ-uals who are married to each other, if both spouses are eligible individuals and either spouse has family coverage under a high de-ductible health plan as of the first day of any month— ‘‘(i) the limitation under paragraph (1) shall be applied by not taking into account any other high deductible health plan cov-erage of either spouse (and if such spouses both have family coverage under separate high deductible health plans, only one such coverage shall be taken into account), ‘‘(ii) such limitation (after application of clause (i)) shall be reduced by the aggregate amount paid to Archer MSAs of such spouses for the taxable year, and ‘‘(iii) such limitation (after application of clauses (i) and (ii)) shall be divided equally between such spouses unless they agree on a different division. ‘‘(B) T
REATMENT OF ADDITIONAL CONTRIBU -
TION AMOUNTS .—If both spouses referred to in subparagraph (A) have attained age 55 before the close of the taxable year, the limitation referred to in subparagraph (A)(iii) which is subject to division between the spouses shall include the additional contribution amounts determined under paragraph (3) for both spouses. In any other case, any additional contribution amount determined under para-graph (3) shall not be taken into account under subparagraph (A)(iii) and shall not be subject to division between the spouses.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 118. SPECIAL RULE FOR CERTAIN MEDICAL EXPENSES INCURRED BEFORE ES-TABLISHMENT OF HEALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 223(d)(2) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subpara-graph: ‘‘(D) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN MEDICAL EX -
PENSES INCURRED BEFORE ESTABLISHMENT OF  
ACCOUNT .—If a health savings account is es-tablished during the 60-day period beginning on the date that coverage of the account beneficiary under a high deductible health plan begins, then, solely for purposes of de-termining whether an amount paid is used for a qualified medical expense, such account shall be treated as having been established on the date that such coverage begins.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this subsection shall apply with re-spect to coverage under a high deductible health plan beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 119. EXCLUSION FROM HSAS OF HIGH DE-DUCTIBLE HEALTH PLANS INCLUD-ING COVERAGE FOR ABORTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subparagraph (C) of sec-tion 223(d)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing flush sentence: ‘‘A high deductible health plan shall not be treated as described in clause (v) if such plan includes coverage for abortions (other than any abortion necessary to save the life of the mother or any abortion with respect to a pregnancy that is the result of an act of rape or incest).’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply with respect to coverage under a high deductible health plan beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 120. FEDERAL PAYMENTS TO STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 504(a), 1902(a)(23), 1903(a), 2002, 2005(a)(4), 2102(a)(7), or 2105(a)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 704(a), 1396a(a)(23), 1396b(a), 1397a, 1397d(a)(4), 1397bb(a)(7), 1397ee(a)(1)), or the terms of any Medicaid waiver in effect on the date of enactment of this Act that is ap-proved under section 1115 or 1915 of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1315, 1396n), for the 1-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, no Federal funds pro-vided from a program referred to in this sub-section that is considered direct spending for any year may be made available to a State for payments to a prohibited entity, whether made directly to the prohibited entity or through a managed care organization under contract with the State. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) P
ROHIBITED ENTITY .—The term ‘‘prohib-ited entity’’ means an entity, including its affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, and clin-ics— (A) that, as of the date of enactment of this Act— (i) is an organization described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code; (ii) is an essential community provider de-scribed in section 156.235 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act), that is primarily engaged in family planning services, repro-ductive health, and related medical care; and (iii) provides for abortions, other than an abortion— (I) if the pregnancy is the result of an act of rape or incest; or (II) in the case where a woman suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or phys-ical illness that would, as certified by a phy-sician, place the woman in danger of death unless an abortion is performed, including a life-endangering physical condition caused by or arising from the pregnancy itself; and (B) for which the total amount of Federal and State expenditures under the Medicaid program under title XIX of the Social Secu-rity Act in fiscal year 2014 made directly to the entity and to any affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, or clinics of the entity, or made to the entity and to any affiliates, subsidi-aries, successors, or clinics of the entity as part of a nationwide health care provider network, exceeded $1,000,000. (2) D
IRECT SPENDING .—The term ‘‘direct spending’’ has the meaning given that term under section 250(c) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 900(c)). 
SEC. 121. MEDICAID. 
The Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 301 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 1902— (A) in subsection (a)(10)(A), in each of clauses (i)(VIII) and (ii)(XX), by inserting ‘‘and ending December 31, 2019,’’ after ‘‘Janu-ary 1, 2014,’’; and (B) in subsection (a)(47)(B), by inserting ‘‘and provided that any such election shall cease to be effective on January 1, 2020, and no such election shall be made after that date’’ before the semicolon at the end; (2) in section 1905— (A) in the first sentence of subsection (b), by inserting ‘‘(50 percent on or after January 1, 2020)’’ after ‘‘55 percent’’; (B) in subsection (y)(1), by striking the semicolon at the end of subparagraph (D) and all that follows through ‘‘thereafter’’; and (C) in subsection (z)(2)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.080 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4338 July 26, 2017 
(i) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘through 2019’’ after ‘‘each year thereafter’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B)(ii)(VI), by striking ‘‘and each subsequent year’’; (3) in section 1915(k)(2), by striking ‘‘during the period described in paragraph (1)’’ and in-serting ‘‘on or after the date referred to in paragraph (1) and before January 1, 2020’’; (4) in section 1920(e), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘This subsection shall not apply after December 31, 2019.’’; (5) in section 1937(b)(5), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘This paragraph shall not apply after December 31, 2019.’’; and (6) in section 1943(a), by inserting ‘‘and be-fore January 1, 2020,’’ after ‘‘January 1, 2014,’’. 
SEC. 122. REPEAL OF MEDICAID EXPANSION. 
Title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 1902 (42 U.S.C. 1396a)— (A) in subsection (a)(10)(A)— (i) in clause (i)(VIII), by inserting ‘‘and ending December 31, 2019,’’ after ‘‘2014,’’; (ii) in clause (ii)(XX), by inserting ‘‘and ending December 31, 2017,’’ after ‘‘2014,’’; and (iii) in clause (ii), by adding at the end the following new subclause: ‘‘(XXIII) beginning January 1, 2020, who are expansion enrollees (as defined in subsection (nn)(1));’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(nn) E
XPANSION ENROLLEES .—In this title: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘expansion en-rollee’ means an individual— ‘‘(A) who is under 65 years of age; ‘‘(B) who is not pregnant; ‘‘(C) who is not entitled to, or enrolled for, benefits under part A of title XVIII, or en-rolled for benefits under part B of title XVIII; ‘‘(D) who is not described in any of sub-clauses (I) through (VII) of subsection (a)(10)(A)(i); and ‘‘(E) whose income (as determined under subsection (e)(14)) does not exceed 133 per-cent of the poverty line (as defined in section 2110(c)(5)) applicable to a family of the size involved. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION OF RELATED PROVISIONS .— Any reference in subsection (a)(10)(G), (k), or (gg) of this section or in section 1903, 1905(a), 1920(e), or 1937(a)(1)(B) to individuals de-scribed in subclause (VIII) of subsection (a)(10)(A)(i) shall be deemed to include a ref-erence to expansion enrollees.’’; and (2) in section 1905 (42 U.S.C. 1396d)— (A) in subsection (y)(1), by striking ‘‘; and’’ at the end of subparagraph (D) and all that follows through ‘‘thereafter’’; and (B) in subsection (z)(2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘each year thereafter’’ and inserting ‘‘through 2019’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking ‘‘is 80 percent’’ in subclause (IV) and all that fol-lows through ‘‘100 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘and subsequent years is 80 percent’’. 
SEC. 123. REDUCING STATE MEDICAID COSTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) S
TATE PLAN REQUIREMENTS .—Section 1902(a)(34) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(a)(34)) is amended by striking ‘‘in or after the third month’’ and all that follows through ‘‘individual)’’ and inserting ‘‘in or after the month in which the indi-vidual (or, in the case of a deceased indi-vidual, another individual acting on the indi-vidual’s behalf) made application (or, in the case of an individual who is 65 years of age or older or who is eligible for medical assist-ance under the plan on the basis of being blind or disabled, in or after the third month before such month)’’. (2) D
EFINITION OF MEDICAL ASSISTANCE .— Section 1905(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396d(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘in or after the third month before the month in which the recipient makes application for assistance’’ and inserting ‘‘in or after the month in which the recipient makes applica-tion for assistance, or, in the case of a recipi-ent who is 65 years of age or older or who is eligible for medical assistance on the basis of being blind or disabled at the time applica-tion is made, in or after the third month be-fore the month in which the recipient makes application for assistance,’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply to med-ical assistance with respect to individuals whose eligibility for such assistance is based on an application for such assistance made (or deemed to be made) on or after October 1, 2017. 
SEC. 124. ELIGIBILITY REDETERMINATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1902(e)(14) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(e)(14)) (relating to modified adjusted gross income) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(J) F
REQUENCY OF ELIGIBILITY REDETER -
MINATIONS .—Beginning on October 1, 2017, and notwithstanding subparagraph (H), in the case of an individual whose eligibility for medical assistance under the State plan under this title (or a waiver of such plan) is determined based on the application of modi-fied adjusted gross income under subpara-graph (A) and who is so eligible on the basis of clause (i)(VIII), (ii)(XX), or (ii)(XXIII) of subsection (a)(10)(A), at the option of the State, the State plan may provide that the individual’s eligibility shall be redetermined every 6 months (or such shorter number of months as the State may elect).’’. (b) I
NCREASED ADMINISTRATIVE MATCHING  P
ERCENTAGE .—For each calendar quarter during the period beginning on October 1, 2017, and ending on December 31, 2019, the Federal matching percentage otherwise ap-plicable under section 1903(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396b(a)) with respect to State expenditures during such quarter that are attributable to meeting the require-ment of section 1902(e)(14) (relating to deter-minations of eligibility using modified ad-justed gross income) of such Act shall be in-creased by 5 percentage points with respect to State expenditures attributable to activi-ties carried out by the State (and approved by the Secretary) to exercise the option de-scribed in subparagraph (J) of such section (relating to eligibility redeterminations made on a 6-month or shorter basis) (as added by subsection (a)) to increase the fre-quency of eligibility redeterminations. 
SEC. 125. OPTIONAL WORK REQUIREMENT FOR NONDISABLED, NONELDERLY, NON-PREGNANT INDIVIDUALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1902 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a), as previously amended, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(oo) O
PTIONAL WORK REQUIREMENT FOR  N
ONDISABLED , N ONELDERLY , N ONPREGNANT  I
NDIVIDUALS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning October 1, 2017, subject to paragraph (3), a State may elect to condition medical assistance to a nondisabled, nonelderly, nonpregnant indi-vidual under this title upon such an individ-ual’s satisfaction of a work requirement (as defined in paragraph (2)). ‘‘(2) W
ORK REQUIREMENT DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘work requirement’ means, with respect to an individual, the individ-ual’s participation in work activities (as de-fined in section 407(d)) for such period of time as determined by the State, and as di-rected and administered by the State. ‘‘(3) R
EQUIRED EXCEPTIONS .—States admin-istering a work requirement under this sub-section may not apply such requirement to— ‘‘(A) a woman during pregnancy through the end of the month in which the 60-day pe-riod (beginning on the last day of her preg-nancy) ends; ‘‘(B) an individual who is under 19 years of age; ‘‘(C) an individual who is the only parent or caretaker relative in the family of a child who has not attained 6 years of age or who is the only parent or caretaker of a child with disabilities; or ‘‘(D) an individual who is married or a head of household and has not attained 20 years of age and who— ‘‘(i) maintains satisfactory attendance at secondary school or the equivalent; or ‘‘(ii) participates in education directly re-lated to employment.’’. (b) INCREASE IN MATCHING RATE FOR IMPLE -
MENTATION .—Section 1903 of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1396b) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(aa) The Federal matching percentage otherwise applicable under subsection (a) with respect to State administrative expend-itures during a calendar quarter for which the State receives payment under such sub-section shall, in addition to any other in-crease to such Federal matching percentage, be increased for such calendar quarter by 5 percentage points with respect to State ex-penditures attributable to activities carried out by the State (and approved by the Sec-retary) to implement subsection (oo) of sec-tion 1902.’’. 
SEC. 126. PROVIDER TAXES. 
Section 1903(w)(4)(C) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396b(w)(4)(C)) is amended by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iii) For purposes of clause (i), a deter-mination of the existence of an indirect guarantee shall be made under paragraph (3)(i) of section 433.68(f) of title 42, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on June 1, 2017, except that— ‘‘(I) for fiscal year 2021, ‘5.8 percent’ shall be substituted for ‘6 percent’ each place it appears; ‘‘(II) for fiscal year 2022, ‘5.6 percent’ shall be substituted for ‘6 percent’ each place it appears; ‘‘(III) for fiscal year 2023, ‘5.4 percent’ shall be substituted for ‘6 percent’ each place it appears; ‘‘(IV) for fiscal year 2024, ‘5.2 percent’ shall be substituted for ‘6 percent’ each place it appears; and ‘‘(V) for fiscal year 2025 and each subse-quent fiscal year, ‘5 percent’ shall be sub-stituted for ‘6 percent’ each place it ap-pears.’’. 
SEC. 127. PER CAPITA ALLOTMENT FOR MEDICAL ASSISTANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title XIX of the Social Security Act is amended— (1) in section 1903 (42 U.S.C. 1396b)— (A) in subsection (a), in the matter before paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and section 1903A(a)’’ after ‘‘except as otherwise provided in this section’’; and (B) in subsection (d)(1), by striking ‘‘to which’’ and inserting ‘‘to which, subject to section 1903A(a),’’; and (2) by inserting after such section 1903 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 1903A. PER CAPITA-BASED CAP ON PAY-MENTS FOR MEDICAL ASSISTANCE. 
‘‘(a) A PPLICATION OF PERCAPITA CAP ON  P
AYMENTS FOR MEDICAL ASSISTANCE EXPEND -
ITURES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If a State which is one of the 50 States or the District of Columbia has excess aggregate medical assistance expendi-tures (as defined in paragraph (2)) for a fiscal year (beginning with fiscal year 2020), the amount of payment to the State under sec-tion 1903(a)(1) for each quarter in the fol-lowing fiscal year shall be reduced by 
1⁄4of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.080 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4339 July 26, 2017 
the excess aggregate medical assistance pay-ments (as defined in paragraph (3)) for that previous fiscal year. In this section, the term ‘State’ means only the 50 States and the Dis-trict of Columbia. ‘‘(2) E
XCESS AGGREGATE MEDICAL ASSIST -
ANCE EXPENDITURES .—In this subsection, the term ‘excess aggregate medical assistance expenditures’ means, for a State for a fiscal year, the amount (if any) by which— ‘‘(A) the amount of the adjusted total med-ical assistance expenditures (as defined in subsection (b)(1)) for the State and fiscal year; exceeds ‘‘(B) the amount of the target total med-ical assistance expenditures (as defined in subsection (c)) for the State and fiscal year. ‘‘(3) E
XCESS AGGREGATE MEDICAL ASSIST -
ANCE PAYMENTS .—In this subsection, the term ‘excess aggregate medical assistance payments’ means, for a State for a fiscal year, the product of— ‘‘(A) the excess aggregate medical assist-ance expenditures (as defined in paragraph (2)) for the State for the fiscal year; and ‘‘(B) the Federal average medical assist-ance matching percentage (as defined in paragraph (4)) for the State for the fiscal year. ‘‘(4) F
EDERAL AVERAGE MEDICAL ASSISTANCE  
MATCHING PERCENTAGE .—In this subsection, the term ‘Federal average medical assistance matching percentage’ means, for a State for a fiscal year, the ratio (expressed as a per-centage) of— ‘‘(A) the amount of the Federal payments that would be made to the State under sec-tion 1903(a)(1) for medical assistance expend-itures for calendar quarters in the fiscal year if paragraph (1) did not apply; to ‘‘(B) the amount of the medical assistance expenditures for the State and fiscal year. ‘‘(5) P
ER CAPITA BASE PERIOD .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In this section, the term ‘per capita base period’ means, with respect to a State, a period of 8 (or, in the case of a State selecting a period under subparagraph (D), not less than 4) consecutive fiscal quar-ters selected by the State. ‘‘(B) T
IMELINE .—Each State shall submit its selection of a per capita base period to the Secretary not later than January 1, 2018. ‘‘(C) P
ARAMETERS .—In selecting a per cap-ita base period under this paragraph, a State shall— ‘‘(i) only select a period of 8 (or, in the case of a State selecting a base period under sub-paragraph (D), not less than 4) consecutive fiscal quarters for which all the data nec-essary to make determinations required under this section is available, as deter-mined by the Secretary; and ‘‘(ii) shall not select any period of 8 (or, in the case of a State selecting a base period under subparagraph (D), not less than 4) con-secutive fiscal quarters that begins with a fiscal quarter earlier than the first quarter of fiscal year 2014 or ends with a fiscal quar-ter later than the third fiscal quarter of 2017. ‘‘(D) B
ASE PERIOD FOR LATE -EXPANDING  
STATES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a State that did not provide for medical assistance for the 1903A enrollee category described in subsection (e)(2)(D) as of the first day of the fourth fiscal quarter of fiscal year 2015 but which provided for such assistance for such category in a subsequent fiscal quarter that is not later than the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016, the State may select a per capita base period that is less than 8 consecutive fiscal quarters, but in no case shall the pe-riod selected be less than 4 consecutive fiscal quarters. ‘‘(ii) A
PPLICATION OF OTHER REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Except for the requirement that a per capita base period be a period of 8 con-secutive fiscal quarters, all other require-ments of this paragraph shall apply to a per capita base period selected under this sub-paragraph. ‘‘(iii) APPLICATION OF BASE PERIOD ADJUST -
MENTS .—The adjustments to amounts for per capita base periods required under sub-sections (b)(5) and (d)(4)(E) shall be applied to amounts for per capita base periods se-lected under this subparagraph by sub-stituting ‘divided by the ratio that the num-ber of quarters in the base period bears to 4’ for ‘divided by 2’. ‘‘(E) A
DJUSTMENT BY THE SECRETARY .—If the Secretary determines that a State took actions after the date of enactment of this section (including making retroactive ad-justments to supplemental payment data in a manner that affects a fiscal quarter in the per capita base period) to diminish the qual-ity of the data from the per capita base pe-riod used to make determinations under this section, the Secretary may adjust the data as the Secretary deems appropriate. ‘‘(b) A
DJUSTED TOTAL MEDICAL ASSISTANCE  E
XPENDITURES .—Subject to subsection (g), the following shall apply: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In this section, the term ‘adjusted total medical assistance expendi-tures’ means, for a State— ‘‘(A) for the State’s per capita base period (as defined in subsection (a)(5)), the product of— ‘‘(i) the amount of the medical assistance expenditures (as defined in paragraph (2) and adjusted under paragraph (5)) for the State and period, reduced by the amount of any ex-cluded expenditures (as defined in paragraph (3) and adjusted under paragraph (5)) for the State and period otherwise included in such medical assistance expenditures; and ‘‘(ii) the 1903A base period population per-centage (as defined in paragraph (4)) for the State; or ‘‘(B) for fiscal year 2019 or a subsequent fis-cal year, the amount of the medical assist-ance expenditures (as defined in paragraph (2)) for the State and fiscal year that is at-tributable to 1903A enrollees, reduced by the amount of any excluded expenditures (as de-fined in paragraph (3)) for the State and fis-cal year otherwise included in such medical assistance expenditures and includes non- DSH supplemental payments (as defined in subsection (d)(4)(A)(ii)) and payments de-scribed in subsection (d)(4)(A)(iii) but shall not be construed as including any expendi-tures attributable to the program under sec-tion 1928 (relating to State pediatric vaccine distribution programs). In applying subpara-graph (B), non-DSH supplemental payments (as defined in subsection (d)(4)(A)(ii)) and payments described in subsection (d)(4)(A)(iii) shall be treated as fully attrib-utable to 1903A enrollees. ‘‘(2) M
EDICAL ASSISTANCE EXPENDITURES .— In this section, the term ‘medical assistance expenditures’ means, for a State and fiscal year or per capita base period, the medical assistance payments as reported by medical service category on the Form CMS-64 quar-terly expense report (or successor to such a report form, and including enrollment data and subsequent adjustments to any such re-port, in this section referred to collectively as a ‘CMS-64 report’) for quarters in the year or base period for which payment is (or may otherwise be) made pursuant to section 1903(a)(1), adjusted, in the case of a per cap-ita base period, under paragraph (5). ‘‘(3) E
XCLUDED EXPENDITURES .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘excluded expenditures’ means, for a State and fiscal year or per cap-ita base period, expenditures under the State plan (or under a waiver of such plan) that are attributable to any of the following: ‘‘(A) DSH.—Payment adjustments made for disproportionate share hospitals under sec-tion 1923. ‘‘(B) MEDICARE COST -SHARING .—Payments made for medicare cost-sharing (as defined in section 1905(p)(3)). ‘‘(C) S
AFETY NET PROVIDER PAYMENT AD -
JUSTMENTS IN NON -EXPANSION STATES .—Pay- ment adjustments under subsection (a) of section 1923A for which payment is per-mitted under subsection (c) of such section. ‘‘(D) E
XPENDITURES FOR PUBLIC HEALTH  
EMERGENCIES .—Any expenditures that are subject to a public health emergency exclu-sion under paragraph (6). ‘‘(4) 1903A 
BASE PERIOD POPULATION PER -
CENTAGE .—In this subsection, the term ‘1903A base period population percentage’ means, for a State, the Secretary’s calculation of the percentage of the actual medical assist-ance expenditures, as reported by the State on the CMS–64 reports for calendar quarters in the State’s per capita base period, that are attributable to 1903A enrollees (as de-fined in subsection (e)(1)). ‘‘(5) A
DJUSTMENTS FOR PER CAPITA BASE PE -
RIOD.—In calculating medical assistance ex-penditures under paragraph (2) and excluded expenditures under paragraph (3) for a State for the State’s per capita base period, the total amount of each type of expenditure for the State and base period shall be divided by 2. ‘‘(6) A
UTHORITY TO EXCLUDE STATE EXPENDI -
TURES FROM CAPS DURING PUBLIC HEALTH  
EMERGENCY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—During the period that begins on January 1, 2020, and ends on De-cember 31, 2024, the Secretary may exclude, from a State’s medical assistance expendi-tures for a fiscal year or portion of a fiscal year that occurs during such period, an amount that shall not exceed the amount de-termined under subparagraph (B) for the State and year or portion of a year if— ‘‘(i) a public health emergency declared by the Secretary pursuant to section 319 of the Public Health Service Act existed within the State during such year or portion of a year; and ‘‘(ii) the Secretary determines that such an exemption would be appropriate. ‘‘(B) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT OF ADJUSTMENT .— The amount excluded for a State and fiscal year or portion of a fiscal year under this paragraph shall not exceed the amount by which— ‘‘(i) the amount of State expenditures for medical assistance for 1903A enrollees in areas of the State which are subject to a dec-laration described in subparagraph (A)(i) for the fiscal year or portion of a fiscal year; ex-ceeds ‘‘(ii) the amount of such expenditures for such enrollees in such areas during the most recent fiscal year or portion of a fiscal year of equal length to the portion of a fiscal year involved during which no such declaration was in effect. ‘‘(C) A
GGREGATE LIMITATION ON EXCLUSIONS  
AND ADDITIONAL BLOCK GRANT PAYMENTS .— The aggregate amount of expenditures ex-cluded under this paragraph and additional payments made under section 1903B(c)(3)(E) for the period described in subparagraph (A) shall not exceed $5,000,000,000. ‘‘(D) R
EVIEW .—If the Secretary exercises the authority under this paragraph with re-spect to a State for a fiscal year or portion of a fiscal year, the Secretary shall, not later than 6 months after the declaration de-scribed in subparagraph (A)(i) ceases to be in effect, conduct an audit of the State’s med-ical assistance expenditures for 1903A enroll-ees during the year or portion of a year to ensure that all of the expenditures so ex-cluded were made for the purpose of ensuring that the health care needs of 1903A enrollees in areas affected by a public health emer-gency are met. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.080 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4340 July 26, 2017 
‘‘(c) T ARGET TOTAL MEDICAL ASSISTANCE  E
XPENDITURES .— ‘‘(1) C
ALCULATION .—In this section, the term ‘target total medical assistance ex-penditures’ means, for a State for a fiscal year, the sum of the products, for each of the 1903A enrollee categories (as defined in sub-section (e)(2)), of— ‘‘(A) the target per capita medical assist-ance expenditures (as defined in paragraph (2)) for the enrollee category, State, and fis-cal year; and ‘‘(B) the number of 1903A enrollees for such enrollee category, State, and fiscal year, as determined under subsection (e)(4). ‘‘(2) T
ARGET PER CAPITA MEDICAL ASSIST -
ANCE EXPENDITURES .—In this subsection, the term ‘target per capita medical assistance expenditures’ means, for a 1903A enrollee category and State— ‘‘(A) for fiscal year 2020, an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) the provisional FY19 target per capita amount for such enrollee category (as cal-culated under subsection (d)(5)) for the State; increased by ‘‘(ii) the applicable annual inflation factor (as defined in paragraph (3)) for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(B) for each succeeding fiscal year, an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) the target per capita medical assist-ance expenditures (under subparagraph (A) or this subparagraph) for the 1903A enrollee category and State for the preceding fiscal year; increased by ‘‘(ii) the applicable annual inflation factor for that succeeding fiscal year. ‘‘(3) A
PPLICABLE ANNUAL INFLATION FAC -
TOR.—In paragraph (2), the term ‘applicable annual inflation factor’ means— ‘‘(A) for fiscal years before 2025— ‘‘(i) for each of the 1903A enrollee cat-egories described in subparagraphs (C), (D), and (E) of subsection (e)(2), the percentage increase in the medical care component of the consumer price index for all urban con-sumers (U.S. city average) from September of the previous fiscal year to September of the fiscal year involved; and ‘‘(ii) for each of the 1903A enrollee cat-egories described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of subsection (e)(2), the percentage in-crease described in clause (i) plus 1 percent-age point; and ‘‘(B) for fiscal years after 2024, for all 1903A enrollee categories, the percentage increase in the consumer price index for all urban consumers (U.S. city average) from Sep-tember of the previous fiscal year to Sep-tember of the fiscal year involved. ‘‘(4) A
DJUSTMENTS TO STATE EXPENDITURES  
TARGETS TO PROMOTE PROGRAM EQUITY ACROSS  
STATES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning with fiscal year 2020, the target per capita medical as-sistance expenditures for a 1903A enrollee category, State, and fiscal year, as deter-mined under paragraph (2), shall be adjusted (subject to subparagraph (C)(i)) in accord-ance with this paragraph. ‘‘(B) A
DJUSTMENT BASED ON LEVEL OF PER  
CAPITA SPENDING FOR 1903A ENROLLEE CAT -
EGORIES .—Subject to subparagraph (C), with respect to a State, fiscal year, and 1903A en-rollee category, if the State’s per capita cat-egorical medical assistance expenditures (as defined in subparagraph (D)) for the State and category in the preceding fiscal year— ‘‘(i) exceed the mean per capita categorical medical assistance expenditures for the cat-egory for all States for such preceding year by not less than 25 percent, the State’s tar-get per capita medical assistance expendi-tures for such category for the fiscal year in-volved shall be reduced by a percentage that shall be determined by the Secretary but which shall not be less than 0.5 percent or greater than 2 percent; or ‘‘(ii) are less than the mean per capita cat-egorical medical assistance expenditures for the category for all States for such preceding year by not less than 25 percent, the State’s target per capita medical assistance expendi-tures for such category for the fiscal year in-volved shall be increased by a percentage that shall be determined by the Secretary but which shall not be less than 0.5 percent or greater than 2 percent. ‘‘(C) RULES OF APPLICATION .— ‘‘(i) B
UDGET NEUTRALITY REQUIREMENT .—In determining the appropriate percentages by which to adjust States’ target per capita medical assistance expenditures for a cat-egory and fiscal year under this paragraph, the Secretary shall make such adjustments in a manner that does not result in a net in-crease in Federal payments under this sec-tion for such fiscal year, and if the Secretary cannot adjust such expenditures in such a manner there shall be no adjustment under this paragraph for such fiscal year. ‘‘(ii) A
SSUMPTION REGARDING STATE EXPEND -
ITURES .—For purposes of clause (i), in the case of a State that has its target per capita medical assistance expenditures for a 1903A enrollee category and fiscal year increased under this paragraph, the Secretary shall as-sume that the categorical medical assistance expenditures (as defined in subparagraph (D)(ii)) for such State, category, and fiscal year will equal such increased target med-ical assistance expenditures. ‘‘(iii) N
ONAPPLICATION TO LOW -DENSITY  
STATES .—This paragraph shall not apply to any State that has a population density of less than 15 individuals per square mile, based on the most recent data available from the Bureau of the Census. ‘‘(iv) D
ISREGARD OF ADJUSTMENT .—Any ad- justment under this paragraph to target medical assistance expenditures for a State, 1903A enrollee category, and fiscal year shall be disregarded when determining the target medical assistance expenditures for such State and category for a succeeding year under paragraph (2). ‘‘(v) A
PPLICATION FOR FISCAL YEARS 2020 AND  
2021.—In fiscal years 2020 and 2021, the Sec-retary shall apply this paragraph by deeming all categories of 1903A enrollees to be a sin-gle category. ‘‘(D) P
ER CAPITA CATEGORICAL MEDICAL AS -
SISTANCE EXPENDITURES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In this paragraph, the term ‘per capita categorical medical assist-ance expenditures’ means, with respect to a State, 1903A enrollee category, and fiscal year, an amount equal to— ‘‘(I) the categorical medical expenditures (as defined in clause (ii)) for the State, cat-egory, and year; divided by ‘‘(II) the number of 1903A enrollees for the State, category, and year. ‘‘(ii) C
ATEGORICAL MEDICAL ASSISTANCE EX -
PENDITURES .—The term ‘categorical medical assistance expenditures’ means, with respect to a State, 1903A enrollee category, and fis-cal year, an amount equal to the total med-ical assistance expenditures (as defined in paragraph (2)) for the State and fiscal year that are attributable to 1903A enrollees in the category, excluding any excluded ex-penditures (as defined in paragraph (3)) for the State and fiscal year that are attrib-utable to 1903A enrollees in the category. ‘‘(d) C
ALCULATION OF FY19 P ROVISIONAL  T
ARGET AMOUNT FOR EACH 1903A E NROLLEE  C
ATEGORY .—Subject to subsection (g), the following shall apply: ‘‘(1) C
ALCULATION OF BASE AMOUNTS FOR PER  
CAPITA BASE PERIOD .—For each State the Secretary shall calculate (and provide notice to the State not later than April 1, 2018, of) the following: ‘‘(A) The amount of the adjusted total medical assistance expenditures (as defined in subsection (b)(1)) for the State for the State’s per capita base period. ‘‘(B) The number of 1903A enrollees for the State in the State’s per capita base period (as determined under subsection (e)(4)). ‘‘(C) The average per capita medical assist-ance expenditures for the State for the State’s per capita base period equal to— ‘‘(i) the amount calculated under subpara-graph (A); divided by ‘‘(ii) the number calculated under subpara-graph (B). ‘‘(2) FISCAL YEAR 2019 AVERAGE PER CAPITA  
AMOUNT BASED ON INFLATING THE PER CAPITA  
BASE PERIOD AMOUNT TO FISCAL YEAR 2019 BY  
CPI-MEDICAL .—The Secretary shall calculate a fiscal year 2019 average per capita amount for each State equal to— ‘‘(A) the average per capita medical assist-ance expenditures for the State for the State’s per capita base period (calculated under paragraph (1)(C)); increased by ‘‘(B) the percentage increase in the med-ical care component of the consumer price index for all urban consumers (U.S. city av-erage) from the last month of the State’s per capita base period to September of fiscal year 2019. ‘‘(3) A
GGREGATE AND AVERAGE EXPENDI -
TURES PER CAPITA FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 .—The Secretary shall calculate for each State the following: ‘‘(A) The amount of the adjusted total medical assistance expenditures (as defined in subsection (b)(1)) for the State for fiscal year 2019. ‘‘(B) The number of 1903A enrollees for the State in fiscal year 2019 (as determined under subsection (e)(4)). ‘‘(4) P
ER CAPITA EXPENDITURES FOR FISCAL  
YEAR 2019 FOR EACH 1903A ENROLLEE CAT -
EGORY .—The Secretary shall calculate (and provide notice to each State not later than January 1, 2020, of) the following: ‘‘(A)(i) For each 1903A enrollee category, the amount of the adjusted total medical as-sistance expenditures (as defined in sub-section (b)(1)) for the State for fiscal year 2019 for individuals in the enrollee category, calculated by excluding from medical assist-ance expenditures those expenditures attrib-utable to expenditures described in clause (iii) or non-DSH supplemental expenditures (as defined in clause (ii)). ‘‘(ii) In this paragraph, the term ‘non-DSH supplemental expenditure’ means a payment to a provider under the State plan (or under a waiver of the plan) that— ‘‘(I) is not made under section 1923; ‘‘(II) is not made with respect to a specific item or service for an individual; ‘‘(III) is in addition to any payments made to the provider under the plan (or waiver) for any such item or service; and ‘‘(IV) complies with the limits for addi-tional payments to providers under the plan (or waiver) imposed pursuant to section 1902(a)(30)(A), including the regulations specifying upper payment limits under the State plan in part 447 of title 42, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (or any successor regula-tions). ‘‘(iii) An expenditure described in this clause is an expenditure that meets the cri-teria specified in subclauses (I), (II), and (III) of clause (ii) and is authorized under section 1115 for the purposes of funding a delivery system reform pool, uncompensated care pool, a designated State health program, or any other similar expenditure (as defined by the Secretary). ‘‘(B) For each 1903A enrollee category, the number of 1903A enrollees for the State in fiscal year 2019 in the enrollee category (as determined under subsection (e)(4)). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.080 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4341 July 26, 2017 
‘‘(C) For the State’s per capita base period, the State’s non-DSH supplemental and pool payment percentage is equal to the ratio (ex-pressed as a percentage) of— ‘‘(i) the total amount of non-DSH supple-mental expenditures (as defined in subpara-graph (A)(ii) and adjusted under subpara-graph (E)) and payments described in sub-paragraph (A)(iii) (and adjusted under sub-paragraph (E)) for the State for the period; to ‘‘(ii) the amount described in subsection (b)(1)(A) for the State for the State’s per cap-ita base period. ‘‘(D) For each 1903A enrollee category an average medical assistance expenditures per capita for the State for fiscal year 2019 for the enrollee category equal to— ‘‘(i) the amount calculated under subpara-graph (A) for the State, increased by the non-DSH supplemental and pool payment percentage for the State (as calculated under subparagraph (C)); divided by ‘‘(ii) the number calculated under subpara-graph (B) for the State for the enrollee cat-egory. ‘‘(E) For purposes of subparagraph (C)(i), in calculating the total amount of non-DSH supplemental expenditures and payments de-scribed in subparagraph (A)(iii) for a State for the per capita base period, the total amount of such expenditures and the total amount of such payments for the State and base period shall each be divided by 2. ‘‘(5) P
ROVISIONAL FY19 PER CAPITA TARGET  
AMOUNT FOR EACH 1903A ENROLLEE CATEGORY .— Subject to subsection (f)(2), the Secretary shall calculate for each State a provisional FY19 per capita target amount for each 1903A enrollee category equal to the average med-ical assistance expenditures per capita for the State for fiscal year 2019 (as calculated under paragraph (4)(D)) for such enrollee cat-egory multiplied by the ratio of— ‘‘(A) the product of— ‘‘(i) the fiscal year 2019 average per capita amount for the State, as calculated under paragraph (2); and ‘‘(ii) the number of 1903A enrollees for the State in fiscal year 2019, as calculated under paragraph (3)(B); to ‘‘(B) the amount of the adjusted total med-ical assistance expenditures for the State for fiscal year 2019, as calculated under para-graph (3)(A). ‘‘(e) 1903A E
NROLLEE ; 1903A E NROLLEE CAT-
EGORY .—Subject to subsection (g), for pur-poses of this section, the following shall apply: ‘‘(1) 1903A 
ENROLLEE .—The term ‘1903A en-rollee’ means, with respect to a State and a month and subject to subsection (i)(1)(B), any Medicaid enrollee (as defined in para-graph (3)) for the month, other than such an enrollee who for such month is in any of the following categories of excluded individuals: ‘‘(A) CHIP.—An individual who is provided, under this title in the manner described in section 2101(a)(2), child health assistance under title XXI. ‘‘(B) IHS.—An individual who receives any medical assistance under this title for serv-ices for which payment is made under the third sentence of section 1905(b). ‘‘(C) B
REAST AND CERVICAL CANCER SERV -
ICES ELIGIBLE INDIVIDUAL .—An individual who is eligible for medical assistance under this title only on the basis of section 1902(a)(10)(A)(ii)(XVIII). ‘‘(D) P
ARTIAL -BENEFIT ENROLLEES .—An in- dividual who— ‘‘(i) is an alien who is eligible for medical assistance under this title only on the basis of section 1903(v)(2); ‘‘(ii) is eligible for medical assistance under this title only on the basis of sub-clause (XII) or (XXI) of section 1902(a)(10)(A)(ii) (or on the basis of a waiver that provides only comparable benefits); ‘‘(iii) is a dual eligible individual (as de-fined in section 1915(h)(2)(B)) and is eligible for medical assistance under this title (or under a waiver) only for some or all of medi-care cost-sharing (as defined in section 1905(p)(3)); or ‘‘(iv) is eligible for medical assistance under this title and for whom the State is providing a payment or subsidy to an em-ployer for coverage of the individual under a group health plan pursuant to section 1906 or section 1906A (or pursuant to a waiver that provides only comparable benefits). ‘‘(E) BLIND AND DISABLED CHILDREN .—An in- dividual who— ‘‘(i) is a child under 19 years of age; and ‘‘(ii) is eligible for medical assistance under this title on the basis of being blind or disabled. ‘‘(2) 1903A 
ENROLLEE CATEGORY .—The term ‘1903A enrollee category’ means each of the following: ‘‘(A) E
LDERLY .—A category of 1903A enroll-ees who are 65 years of age or older. ‘‘(B) B
LIND AND DISABLED .—A category of 1903A enrollees (not described in the previous subparagraph) who— ‘‘(i) are 19 years of age or older; and ‘‘(ii) are eligible for medical assistance under this title on the basis of being blind or disabled. ‘‘(C) C
HILDREN .—A category of 1903A enroll-ees (not described in a previous subpara-graph) who are children under 19 years of age. ‘‘(D) E
XPANSION ENROLLEES .—A category of 1903A enrollees (not described in a previous subparagraph) who are eligible for medical assistance under this title only on the basis of clause (i)(VIII), (ii)(XX), or (ii)(XXIII) of section 1902(a)(10)(A). ‘‘(E) O
THER NONELDERLY , NONDISABLED , 
NON-EXPANSION ADULTS .—A category of 1903A enrollees who are not described in any pre-vious subparagraph. ‘‘(3) M
EDICAID ENROLLEE .—The term ‘Med-icaid enrollee’ means, with respect to a State for a month, an individual who is eligible for medical assistance for items or services under this title and enrolled under the State plan (or a waiver of such plan) under this title for the month. ‘‘(4) D
ETERMINATION OF NUMBER OF 1903A EN -
ROLLEES .—The number of 1903A enrollees for a State and fiscal year or the State’s per capita base period, and, if applicable, for a 1903A enrollee category, is the average monthly number of Medicaid enrollees for such State and fiscal year or base period (and, if applicable, in such category) that are reported through the CMS–64 report under (and subject to audit under) subsection (h). ‘‘(f) S
PECIAL PAYMENT RULES .— ‘‘(1) A
PPLICATION IN CASE OF RESEARCH AND  
DEMONSTRATION PROJECTS AND OTHER WAIV -
ERS.—In the case of a State with a waiver of the State plan approved under section 1115, section 1915, or another provision of this title, this section shall apply to medical as-sistance expenditures and medical assistance payments under the waiver, in the same manner as if such expenditures and pay-ments had been made under a State plan under this title and the limitations on ex-penditures under this section shall supersede any other payment limitations or provisions (including limitations based on a per capita limitation) otherwise applicable under such a waiver. ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT OF STATES EXPANDING COV -
ERAGE AFTER JULY 1 , 2016.—In the case of a State that did not provide for medical assist-ance for the 1903A enrollee category de-scribed in subsection (e)(2)(D) as of July 1, 2016, but which subsequently provides for such assistance for such category, the provi-sional FY19 per capita target amount for such enrollee category under subsection (d)(5) shall be equal to the provisional FY19 per capita target amount for the 1903A en-rollee category described in subsection (e)(2)(E). ‘‘(3) IN CASE OF STATE FAILURE TO REPORT  
NECESSARY DATA .—If a State for any quarter in a fiscal year (beginning with fiscal year 2019) fails to satisfactorily submit data on expenditures and enrollees in accordance with subsection (h)(1), for such fiscal year and any succeeding fiscal year for which such data are not satisfactorily submitted— ‘‘(A) the Secretary shall calculate and apply subsections (a) through (e) with re-spect to the State as if all 1903A enrollee cat-egories for which such expenditure and en-rollee data were not satisfactorily submitted were a single 1903A enrollee category; and ‘‘(B) the growth factor otherwise applied under subsection (c)(2)(B) shall be decreased by 1 percentage point. ‘‘(g) R
ECALCULATION OF CERTAIN AMOUNTS  
FOR DATA ERRORS .—The amounts and per-centage calculated under paragraphs (1) and (4)(C) of subsection (d) for a State for the State’s per capita base period, and the amounts of the adjusted total medical assist-ance expenditures calculated under sub-section (b) and the number of Medicaid en-rollees and 1903A enrollees determined under subsection (e)(4) for a State for the State’s per capita base period, fiscal year 2019, and any subsequent fiscal year, may be adjusted by the Secretary based upon an appeal (filed by the State in such a form, manner, and time, and containing such information relat-ing to data errors that support such appeal, as the Secretary specifies) that the Sec-retary determines to be valid, except that any adjustment by the Secretary under this subsection for a State may not result in an increase of the target total medical assist-ance expenditures exceeding 2 percent. ‘‘(h) R
EQUIRED REPORTING AND AUDITING ; T
RANSITIONAL INCREASE IN FEDERAL MATCH -
INGPERCENTAGE FOR CERTAIN ADMINISTRA -
TIVE EXPENSES .— ‘‘(1) A
UDITING OF CMS –64 DATA .—The Sec- retary shall conduct for each State an audit of the number of individuals and expendi-tures reported through the CMS–64 report for the State’s per capita base period, fiscal year 2019, and each subsequent fiscal year, which audit may be conducted on a representative sample (as determined by the Secretary). ‘‘(2) A
UDITING OF STATE SPENDING .—The In- spector General of the Department of Health and Human Services shall conduct an audit (which shall be conducted using random sam-pling, as determined by the Inspector Gen-eral) of each State’s spending under this sec-tion not less than once every 3 years. ‘‘(3) T
EMPORARY INCREASE IN FEDERAL  
MATCHING PERCENTAGE TO SUPPORT IMPROVED  
DATA REPORTING SYSTEMS FOR FISCAL YEARS  
2018 AND 2019 .—In the case of any State that selects as its per capita base period the most recent 8 consecutive quarter period for which the data necessary to make the determina-tions required under this section is available, for amounts expended during calendar quar-ters beginning on or after October 1, 2017, and before October 1, 2019— ‘‘(A) the Federal matching percentage ap-plied under section 1903(a)(3)(A)(i) shall be increased by 10 percentage points to 100 per-cent; and ‘‘(B) the Federal matching percentage ap-plied under section 1903(a)(3)(B) shall be in-creased by 25 percentage points to 100 per-cent. ‘‘(4) HHS 
REPORT ON ADOPTION OF T –MSIS 
DATA .—Not later than January 1, 2025, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report making recommendations as to whether data from the Transformed Medicaid Statistical 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.080 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4342 July 26, 2017 
Information System would be preferable to CMS–64 report data for purposes of making the determinations necessary under this sec-tion.’’. (b) E
NSURING ACCESS TO HOME AND COMMU -
NITY BASED SERVICES .—Section 1915 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396n) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(l) I
NCENTIVE PAYMENTS FOR HOME AND  C
OMMUNITY -BASED SERVICES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish a demonstration project (referred to in this subsection as the ‘demonstration project’) under which eligible States may make HCBS payment adjustments for the purpose of continuing to provide and improv-ing the quality of home and community- based services provided under a waiver under subsection (c) or (d) or a State plan amend-ment under subsection (i). ‘‘(2) S
ELECTION OF ELIGIBLE STATES .— ‘‘(A) A
PPLICATION .—A State seeking to par-ticipate in the demonstration project shall submit to the Secretary, at such time and in such manner as the Secretary shall require, an application that includes— ‘‘(i) an assurance that any HCBS payment adjustment made by the State under this subsection will comply with the health and welfare and financial accountability safe-guards taken by the State under subsection (c)(2)(A); and ‘‘(ii) such other information and assur-ances as the Secretary shall require. ‘‘(B) S
ELECTION .—The Secretary shall se-lect States to participate in the demonstra-tion project on a competitive basis except that, in making selections under this para-graph, the Secretary shall give priority to any State that is one of the 15 States in the United States with the lowest population density, as determined by the Secretary based on data from the Bureau of the Census. ‘‘(3) T
ERM OF DEMONSTRATION PROJECT .— The demonstration project shall be con-ducted for the 4-year period beginning on January 1, 2020, and ending on December 31, 2023. ‘‘(4) S
TATE ALLOTMENTS AND INCREASED  
FMAP FOR PAYMENT ADJUSTMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(i) A
NNUAL ALLOTMENT .—Subject to clause (ii), for each year of the demonstration project, the Secretary shall allot an amount to each State that is an eligible State for the year. ‘‘(ii) L
IMITATION ON FEDERAL SPENDING .— The aggregate amount that may be allotted to eligible States under clause (i) for all years of the demonstration project shall not exceed $8,000,000,000. ‘‘(B) FMAP 
APPLICABLE TO HCBS PAYMENT  
ADJUSTMENTS .—For each year of the dem-onstration project, notwithstanding section 1905(b) but subject to the limitations de-scribed in subparagraph (C), the Federal medical assistance percentage applicable with respect to expenditures by an eligible State that are attributable to HCBS pay-ment adjustments shall be equal to (and shall in no case exceed) 100 percent. ‘‘(C) I
NDIVIDUAL PROVIDER AND ALLOTMENT  
LIMITATIONS .—Payment under section 1903(a) shall not be made to an eligible State for ex-penditures for a year that are attributable to an HCBS payment adjustment— ‘‘(i) that is paid to a single provider and ex-ceeds a percentage which shall be established by the Secretary of the payment otherwise made to the provider; or ‘‘(ii) to the extent that the aggregate amount of HCBS payment adjustments made by the State in the year exceeds the amount allotted to the State for the year under clause (i). ‘‘(5) R
EPORTING AND EVALUATION .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—As a condition of receiv-ing the increased Federal medical assistance percentage described in paragraph (4)(B), each eligible State shall collect and report information, as determined necessary by the Secretary, for the purposes of providing Fed-eral oversight and evaluating the State’s compliance with the health and welfare and financial accountability safeguards taken by the State under subsection (c)(2)(A). ‘‘(B) F
ORMS .—Expenditures by eligible States on HCBS payment adjustments shall be separately reported on the CMS-64 Form and in T-MSIS. ‘‘(6) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) E
LIGIBLE STATE .—The term ‘eligible State’ means a State that— ‘‘(i) is one of the 50 States or the District of Columbia; ‘‘(ii) has in effect— ‘‘(I) a waiver under subsection (c) or (d); or ‘‘(II) a State plan amendment under sub-section (i); ‘‘(iii) submits an application under para-graph (2)(A); and ‘‘(iv) is selected by the Secretary to par-ticipate in the demonstration project. ‘‘(B) HCBS 
PAYMENT ADJUSTMENT .—The term ‘HCBS payment adjustment’ means a payment adjustment made by an eligible State to the amount of payment otherwise provided under a waiver under subsection (c) or (d) or a State plan amendment under sub-section (i) for a home and community-based service which is provided to a 1903A enrollee (as defined in section 1903A(e)(1)) who is in the enrollee category described in subpara-graph (A) or (B) of section 1903A(e)(2).’’. 
SEC. 128. FLEXIBLE BLOCK GRANT OPTION FOR STATES. 
Title XIX of the Social Security Act, as previously amended, is further amended by inserting after section 1903A the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 1903B. MEDICAID FLEXIBILITY PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Beginning with fiscal year 2020, any State (as defined in subsection (e)) that has an application approved by the Secretary under subsection (b) may conduct a Medicaid Flexibility Program to provide targeted health assistance to program en-rollees. ‘‘(b) S
TATE APPLICATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To be eligible to conduct a Medicaid Flexibility Program, a State shall submit an application to the Secretary that meets the requirements of this sub-section. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS OF APPLICATION .—An appli- cation under this subsection shall include the following: ‘‘(A) A description of the proposed Med-icaid Flexibility Program and how the State will satisfy the requirements described in subsection (d). ‘‘(B) The proposed conditions for eligibility of program enrollees. ‘‘(C) The applicable program enrollee cat-egory (as defined in subsection (e)(1)). ‘‘(D) A description of the types, amount, duration, and scope of services which will be offered as targeted health assistance under the program, including a description of the proposed package of services which will be provided to program enrollees to whom the State would otherwise be required to make medical assistance available under section 1902(a)(10)(A)(i). ‘‘(E) A description of how the State will notify individuals currently enrolled in the State plan for medical assistance under this title of the transition to such program. ‘‘(F) Statements certifying that the State agrees to— ‘‘(i) submit regular enrollment data with respect to the program to the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may re-quire; ‘‘(ii) submit timely and accurate data to the Transformed Medicaid Statistical Infor-mation System (T–MSIS); ‘‘(iii) report annually to the Secretary on adult health quality measures implemented under the program and information on the quality of health care furnished to program enrollees under the program as part of the annual report required under section 1139B(d)(1); ‘‘(iv) submit such additional data and in-formation not described in any of the pre-ceding clauses of this subparagraph but which the Secretary determines is necessary for monitoring, evaluation, or program in-tegrity purposes, including— ‘‘(I) survey data, such as the data from Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Pro-viders and Systems (CAHPS) surveys; ‘‘(II) birth certificate data; and ‘‘(III) clinical patient data for quality measurements which may not be present in a claim, such as laboratory data, body mass index, and blood pressure; and ‘‘(v) on an annual basis, conduct a report evaluating the program and make such re-port available to the public. ‘‘(G) An information technology systems plan demonstrating that the State has the capability to support the technological ad-ministration of the program and comply with reporting requirements under this sec-tion. ‘‘(H) A statement of the goals of the pro-posed program, which shall include— ‘‘(i) goals related to quality, access, rate of growth targets, consumer satisfaction, and outcomes; ‘‘(ii) a plan for monitoring and evaluating the program to determine whether such goals are being met; and ‘‘(iii) a proposed process for the State, in consultation with the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, to take remedial action to make progress on unmet goals. ‘‘(I) Such other information as the Sec-retary may require. ‘‘(3) STATE NOTICE AND COMMENT PERIOD .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Before submitting an application under this subsection, a State shall make the application publicly available for a 30 day notice and comment period. ‘‘(B) N
OTICE AND COMMENT PROCESS .—Dur- ing the notice and comment period described in subparagraph (A), the State shall provide opportunities for a meaningful level of pub-lic input, which shall include public hearings on the proposed Medicaid Flexibility Pro-gram. ‘‘(4) F
EDERAL NOTICE AND COMMENT PE -
RIOD.—The Secretary shall not approve of any application to conduct a Medicaid Flexi-bility Program without making such appli-cation publicly available for a 30 day notice and comment period. ‘‘(5) T
IMELINE FOR SUBMISSION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A State may submit an application under this subsection to conduct a Medicaid Flexibility Program that would begin in the next fiscal year at any time, subject to subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) D
EADLINES .—Each year beginning with 2019, the Secretary shall specify a dead-line for submitting an application under this subsection to conduct a Medicaid Flexibility Program that would begin in the next fiscal year, but such deadline shall not be earlier than 60 days after the date that the Sec-retary publishes the amounts of State block grants as required under subsection (c)(4). ‘‘(c) F
INANCING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For each fiscal year dur-ing which a State is conducting a Medicaid Flexibility Program, the State shall receive, instead of amounts otherwise payable to the State under this title for medical assistance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.080 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4343 July 26, 2017 
for program enrollees, the amount specified in paragraph (3)(A). ‘‘(2) A
MOUNT OF BLOCK GRANT FUNDS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The block grant amount under this paragraph for a State and year shall be equal to the sum of the amounts de-termined under subparagraph (B) for each 1903A enrollee category within the applicable program enrollee category for the State and year. ‘‘(B) E
NROLLEE CATEGORY AMOUNTS .— ‘‘(i) F
OR INITIAL YEAR .—Subject to subpara-graph (C), for the first fiscal year in which a 1903A enrollee category is included in the ap-plicable program enrollee category for a Medicaid Flexibility Program conducted by the State, the amount determined under this subparagraph for the State, year, and cat-egory shall be equal to the Federal average medical assistance matching percentage (as defined in section 1903A(a)(4)) for the State and year multiplied by the product of— ‘‘(I) the target per capita medical assist-ance expenditures (as defined in section 1903A(c)(2)) for the State, year, and category; and ‘‘(II) the number of 1903A enrollees in such category for the State for the second fiscal year preceding such first fiscal year, in-creased by the percentage increase in State population from such second preceding fiscal year to such first fiscal year, based on the best available estimates of the Bureau of the Census. ‘‘(ii) F
OR ANY SUBSEQUENT YEAR .—For any fiscal year that is not the first fiscal year in which a 1903A enrollee category is included in the applicable program enrollee category for a Medicaid Flexibility Program con-ducted by the State, the block grant amount under this paragraph for the State, year, and category shall be equal to the amount deter-mined for the State and category for the most recent previous fiscal year in which the State conducted a Medicaid Flexibility Pro-gram that included such category, except that such amount shall be increased by the percentage increase in the consumer price index for all urban consumers (U.S. city av-erage) from April of the second fiscal year preceding the fiscal year involved to April of the fiscal year preceding the fiscal year in-volved. ‘‘(C) C
AP ON TOTAL POPULATION OF 1903A EN -
ROLLEES FOR PURPOSES OF BLOCK GRANT CAL -
CULATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In calculating the amount of a block grant for the first year in which a 1903A enrollee category is included in the applicable program enrollee category for a Medicaid Flexibility Program con-ducted by the State under subparagraph (B)(i), the total number of 1903A enrollees in such 1903A enrollee category for the State and year shall not exceed the adjusted num-ber of base period enrollees for the State (as defined in clause (ii)). ‘‘(ii) A
DJUSTED NUMBER OF BASE PERIOD EN -
ROLLEES .—The term ‘adjusted number of base period enrollees’ means, with respect to a State and 1903A enrollee category, the number of 1903A enrollees in the enrollee category for the State for the State’s per capita base period (as determined under sec-tion 1903A(e)(4)), increased by the percentage increase, if any, in the total State popu-lation from the last April in the State’s per capita base period to April of the fiscal year preceding the fiscal year involved (deter-mined using the best available data from the Bureau of the Census) plus 3 percentage points. ‘‘(3) F
EDERAL PAYMENT AND STATE MAINTE -
NANCE OF EFFORT .— ‘‘(A) F
EDERAL PAYMENT .—Subject to sub-paragraphs (D) and (E), the Secretary shall pay to each State conducting a Medicaid Flexibility Program under this section for a fiscal year, from its block grant amount under paragraph (2) for such year, an amount for each quarter of such year equal to the Federal average medical assistance percent-age (as defined in section 1903A(a)(4)) of the total amount expended under the program during such quarter as targeted health as-sistance, and the State is responsible for the balance of the funds to carry out such pro-gram. ‘‘(B) STATE MAINTENANCE OF EFFORT EX -
PENDITURES .—For each year during which a State is conducting a Medicaid Flexibility Program, the State shall make expenditures for targeted health assistance under the pro-gram in an amount equal to the product of— ‘‘(i) the block grant amount determined for the State and year under paragraph (2); and ‘‘(ii) the enhanced FMAP described in the first sentence of section 2105(b) for the State and year. ‘‘(C) R
EDUCTION IN BLOCK GRANT AMOUNT  
FOR STATES FAILING TO MEET MOE REQUIRE -
MENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a State conducting a Medicaid Flexibility Program that makes expenditures for targeted health assistance under the program for a fiscal year in an amount that is less than the re-quired amount for the fiscal year under sub-paragraph (B), the amount of the block grant determined for the State under paragraph (2) for the succeeding fiscal year shall be re-duced by the amount by which such expendi-tures are less than such required amount. ‘‘(ii) D
ISREGARD OF REDUCTION .—For pur- poses of determining the amount of a State block grant under paragraph (2), any reduc-tion made under this subparagraph to a State’s block grant amount in a previous fis-cal year shall be disregarded. ‘‘(iii) A
PPLICATION TO STATES THAT TERMI -
NATE PROGRAM .—In the case of a State de-scribed in clause (i) that terminates the State Medicaid Flexibility Program under subsection (d)(2)(B) and such termination is effective with the end of the fiscal year in which the State fails to make the required amount of expenditures under subparagraph (B), the reduction amount determined for the State and succeeding fiscal year under clause (i) shall be treated as an overpayment under this title. ‘‘(D) R
EDUCTION FOR NONCOMPLIANCE .—If the Secretary determines that a State con-ducting a Medicaid Flexibility Program is not complying with the requirements of this section, the Secretary may withhold pay-ments, reduce payments, or recover previous payments to the State under this section as the Secretary deems appropriate. ‘‘(E) A
DDITIONAL FEDERAL PAYMENTS DUR -
ING PUBLIC HEALTH EMERGENCY .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a State and fiscal year or portion of a fiscal year for which the Secretary has excluded expendi-tures under section 1903A(b)(6), if the State has uncompensated targeted health assist-ance expenditures for the year or portion of a year, the Secretary may make an addi-tional payment to such State equal to the Federal average medical assistance percent-age (as defined in section 1903A(a)(4)) for the year or portion of a year of the amount of such uncompensated targeted health assist-ance expenditures, except that the amount of such payment shall not exceed the amount determined for the State and year or portion of a year under clause (ii). ‘‘(ii) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT OF ADDITIONAL PAY -
MENT .—The amount determined for a State and fiscal year or portion of a fiscal year under this subparagraph shall not exceed the Federal average medical assistance percent-age (as defined in section 1903A(a)(4)) for such year or portion of a year of the amount by which— ‘‘(I) the amount of State expenditures for targeted health assistance for program en-rollees in areas of the State which are sub-ject to a declaration described in section 1903A(b)(6)(A)(i) for the year or portion of a year; exceeds ‘‘(II) the amount of such expenditures for such enrollees in such areas during the most recent fiscal year involved (or portion of a fiscal year of equal length to the portion of a fiscal year involved) during which no such declaration was in effect. ‘‘(iii) UNCOMPENSATED TARGETED HEALTH  
ASSISTANCE .—In this subparagraph, the term ‘uncompensated targeted health assistance expenditures’ means, with respect to a State and fiscal year or portion of a fiscal year, an amount equal to the amount (if any) by which— ‘‘(I) the total amount expended by the State under the program for targeted health assistance for the year or portion of a year; exceeds ‘‘(II) the amount equal to the amount of the block grant (reduced, in the case of a portion of a year, to the same proportion of the full block grant amount that the portion of the year bears to the whole year) divided by the Federal average medical assistance percentage for the year or portion of a year. ‘‘(iv) R
EVIEW .—If the Secretary makes a payment to a State for a fiscal year or por-tion of a fiscal year, the Secretary shall, not later than 6 months after the declaration de-scribed in section 1903A(b)(6)(A)(i) ceases to be in effect, conduct an audit of the State’s targeted health assistance expenditures for program enrollees during the year or portion of a year to ensure that all of the expendi-tures for which the additional payment was made were made for the purpose of ensuring that the health care needs of program enroll-ees in areas affected by a public health emer-gency are met. ‘‘(4) D
ETERMINATION AND PUBLICATION OF  
BLOCK GRANT AMOUNT .—Beginning in 2019 and each year thereafter, the Secretary shall de-termine for each State, regardless of whether the State is conducting a Medicaid Flexi-bility Program or has submitted an applica-tion to conduct such a program, the amount of the block grant for the State under para-graph (2) which would apply for the upcom-ing fiscal year if the State were to conduct such a program in such fiscal year, and shall publish such determinations not later than June 1 of each year. ‘‘(d) P
ROGRAM REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No payment shall be made under this section to a State con-ducting a Medicaid Flexibility Program un-less such program meets the requirements of this subsection. ‘‘(2) T
ERM OF PROGRAM .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A State Medicaid Flexi-bility Program approved under subsection (b)— ‘‘(i) shall be conducted for not less than 1 program period; ‘‘(ii) at the option of the State, may be continued for succeeding program periods without resubmitting an application under subsection (b), provided that— ‘‘(I) the State provides notice to the Sec-retary of its decision to continue the pro-gram; and ‘‘(II) no significant changes are made to the program; and ‘‘(iii) shall be subject to termination only by the State, which may terminate the pro-gram by making an election under subpara-graph (B). ‘‘(B) E
LECTION TO TERMINATE PROGRAM .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), a State conducting a Medicaid Flexibility Pro-gram may elect to terminate the program ef-fective with the first day after the end of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.080 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4344 July 26, 2017 
program period in which the State makes the election. ‘‘(ii) T
RANSITION PLAN REQUIREMENT .—A State may not elect to terminate a Medicaid Flexibility Program unless the State has in place an appropriate transition plan ap-proved by the Secretary. ‘‘(iii) E
FFECT OF TERMINATION .—If a State elects to terminate a Medicaid Flexibility Program, the per capita cap limitations under section 1903A shall apply effective with the day described in clause (i), and such limitations shall be applied as if the State had never conducted a Medicaid Flexibility Program. ‘‘(3) P
ROVISION OF TARGETED HEALTH ASSIST -
ANCE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A State Medicaid Flexi-bility Program shall provide targeted health assistance to program enrollees and such as-sistance shall be instead of medical assist-ance which would otherwise be provided to the enrollees under this title. ‘‘(B) C
ONDITIONS FOR ELIGIBILITY .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—A State conducting a Medicaid Flexibility Program shall establish conditions for eligibility of program enroll-ees, which shall be instead of other condi-tions for eligibility under this title, except that the program must provide for eligibility for program enrollees to whom the State would otherwise be required to make med-ical assistance available under section 1902(a)(10)(A)(i). ‘‘(ii) MAGI.—Any determination of income necessary to establish the eligibility of a program enrollee for purposes of a State Medicaid Flexibility Program shall be made using modified adjusted gross income in ac-cordance with section 1902(e)(14). ‘‘(4) B
ENEFITS AND SERVICES .— ‘‘(A) R
EQUIRED SERVICES .—In the case of program enrollees to whom the State would otherwise be required to make medical as-sistance available under section 1902(a)(10)(A)(i), a State conducting a Med-icaid Flexibility Program shall provide as targeted health assistance the following types of services: ‘‘(i) Inpatient and outpatient hospital serv-ices. ‘‘(ii) Laboratory and X-ray services. ‘‘(iii) Nursing facility services for individ-uals aged 21 and older. ‘‘(iv) Physician services. ‘‘(v) Home health care services (including home nursing services, medical supplies, equipment, and appliances). ‘‘(vi) Rural health clinic services (as de-fined in section 1905(l)(1)). ‘‘(vii) Federally-qualified health center services (as defined in section 1905(l)(2)). ‘‘(viii) Family planning services and sup-plies. ‘‘(ix) Nurse midwife services. ‘‘(x) Certified pediatric and family nurse practitioner services. ‘‘(xi) Freestanding birth center services (as defined in section 1905(l)(3)). ‘‘(xii) Emergency medical transportation. ‘‘(xiii) Non-cosmetic dental services. ‘‘(xiv) Pregnancy-related services, includ-ing postpartum services for the 12-week pe-riod beginning on the last day of a preg-nancy. ‘‘(B) O
PTIONAL BENEFITS .—A State may, at its option, provide services in addition to the services described in subparagraph (A) as targeted health assistance under a Medicaid Flexibility Program. ‘‘(C) B
ENEFIT PACKAGES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The targeted health as-sistance provided by a State to any group of program enrollees under a Medicaid Flexi-bility Program shall have an aggregate actu-arial value that is equal to at least 95 per-cent of the aggregate actuarial value of the benchmark coverage described in subsection (b)(1) of section 1937 or benchmark-equiva-lent coverage described in subsection (b)(2) of such section, as such subsections were in effect prior to the enactment of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. ‘‘(ii) AMOUNT , DURATION , AND SCOPE OF BEN -
EFITS .—Subject to clause (i), the State shall determine the amount, duration, and scope with respect to services provided as targeted health assistance under a Medicaid Flexi-bility Program, including with respect to services that are required to be provided to certain program enrollees under subpara-graph (A) except as otherwise provided under such subparagraph. ‘‘(iii) M
ENTAL HEALTH AND SUBSTANCE USE  
DISORDER COVERAGE AND PARITY .—The tar- geted health assistance provided by a State to program enrollees under a Medicaid Flexi-bility Program shall include mental health services and substance use disorder services and the financial requirements and treat-ment limitations applicable to such services under the program shall comply with the re-quirements of section 2726 of the Public Health Service Act in the same manner as such requirements apply to a group health plan. ‘‘(iv) P
RESCRIPTION DRUGS .—If the targeted health assistance provided by a State to pro-gram enrollees under a Medicaid Flexibility Program includes assistance for covered out-patient drugs, such drugs shall be subject to a rebate agreement that complies with the requirements of section 1927, and any re-quirements applicable to medical assistance for covered outpatient drugs under a State plan (including the requirement that the State provide information to a manufac-turer) shall apply in the same manner to tar-geted health assistance for covered out-patient drugs under a Medicaid Flexibility Program. ‘‘(D) C
OST SHARING .—A State conducting a Medicaid Flexibility Program may impose premiums, deductibles, cost-sharing, or other similar charges, except that the total annual aggregate amount of all such charges imposed with respect to all program enroll-ees in a family shall not exceed 5 percent of the family’s income for the year involved. ‘‘(5) A
DMINISTRATION OF PROGRAM .—Each State conducting a Medicaid Flexibility Pro-gram shall do the following: ‘‘(A) S
INGLE AGENCY .—Designate a single State agency responsible for administering the program. ‘‘(B) E
NROLLMENT SIMPLIFICATION AND CO -
ORDINATION WITH STATE HEALTH INSURANCE  
EXCHANGES .—Provide for simplified enroll-ment processes (such as online enrollment and reenrollment and electronic verification) and coordination with State health insur-ance exchanges. ‘‘(C) B
ENEFICIARY PROTECTIONS .—Establish a fair process (which the State shall describe in the application required under subsection (b)) for individuals to appeal adverse eligi-bility determinations with respect to the program. ‘‘(6) A
PPLICATION OF REST OF TITLE XIX .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—To the extent that a provision of this section is inconsistent with another provision of this title, the provision of this section shall apply. ‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION OF SECTION 1903A .—With respect to a State that is conducting a Med-icaid Flexibility Program, section 1903A shall be applied as if program enrollees were not 1903A enrollees for each program period during which the State conducts the pro-gram. ‘‘(C) W
AIVERS AND STATE PLAN AMEND -
MENTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a State conducting a Medicaid Flexibility Program that has in effect a waiver or State plan amendment, such waiver or amendment shall not apply with respect to the program, tar-geted health assistance provided under the program, or program enrollees. ‘‘(ii) REPLICATION OF WAIVER OR AMEND -
MENT .—In designing a Medicaid Flexibility Program, a State may mirror provisions of a waiver or State plan amendment described in clause (i) in the program to the extent that such provisions are otherwise con-sistent with the requirements of this section. ‘‘(iii) E
FFECT OF TERMINATION .—In the case of a State described in clause (i) that termi-nates its program under subsection (d)(2)(B), any waiver or amendment which was limited pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall cease to be so limited effective with the effective date of such termination. ‘‘(D) N
ONAPPLICATION OF PROVISIONS .—With respect to the design and implementation of Medicaid Flexibility Programs conducted under this section, paragraphs (1), (10)(B), (17), and (23) of section 1902(a), as well as any other provision of this title (except for this section and as otherwise provided by this section) that the Secretary deems appro-priate, shall not apply. ‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion: ‘‘(1) A
PPLICABLE PROGRAM ENROLLEE CAT -
EGORY .—The term ‘applicable program en-rollee category’ means, with respect to a State Medicaid Flexibility Program for a program period, any of the following as spec-ified by the State for the period in its appli-cation under subsection (b): ‘‘(A) 2 
ENROLLEE CATEGORIES .—Both of the 1903A enrollee categories described in sub-paragraphs (D) and (E) of section 1903A(e)(2). ‘‘(B) E
XPANSION ENROLLEES .—The 1903A en-rollee category described in subparagraph (D) of section 1903A(e)(2). ‘‘(C) N
ONELDERLY , NONDISABLED , NONEXPAN -
SION ADULTS .—The 1903A enrollee category described in subparagraph (E) of section 1903A(e)(2). ‘‘(2) M
EDICAID FLEXIBILITY PROGRAM .—The term ‘Medicaid Flexibility Program’ means a State program for providing targeted health assistance to program enrollees funded by a block grant under this section. ‘‘(3) P
ROGRAM ENROLLEE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘program en-rollee’ means, with respect to a State that is conducting a Medicaid Flexibility Program for a program period, an individual who is a 1903A enrollee (as defined in section 1903A(e)(1)) who is in the applicable program enrollee category specified by the State for the period. ‘‘(B) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—For purposes of section 1903A(e)(3), eligibility and enroll-ment of an individual under a Medicaid Flexibility Program shall be deemed to be eligibility and enrollment under a State plan (or waiver of such plan) under this title. ‘‘(4) P
ROGRAM PERIOD .—The term ‘program period’ means, with respect to a State Med-icaid Flexibility Program, a period of 5 con-secutive fiscal years that begins with ei-ther— ‘‘(A) the first fiscal year in which the State conducts the program; or ‘‘(B) the next fiscal year in which the State conducts such a program that begins after the end of a previous program period. ‘‘(5) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ means one of the 50 States or the District of Columbia. ‘‘(6) T
ARGETED HEALTH ASSISTANCE .—The term ‘targeted health assistance’ means as-sistance for health-care-related items and medical services for program enrollees.’’. 
SEC. 129. MEDICAID AND CHIP QUALITY PER-FORMANCE BONUS PAYMENTS. 
Section 1903 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396b), as previously amended, is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.080 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4345 July 26, 2017 
‘‘(bb) Q UALITY PERFORMANCE BONUS PAY-
MENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
NCREASED FEDERAL SHARE .—With re- spect to each of fiscal years 2023 through 2026, in the case of one of the 50 States or the District of Columbia (each referred to in this subsection as a ‘State’) that— ‘‘(A) equals or exceeds the qualifying amount (as established by the Secretary) of lower than expected aggregate medical as-sistance expenditures (as defined in para-graph (4)) for that fiscal year; and ‘‘(B) submits to the Secretary, in accord-ance with such manner and format as speci-fied by the Secretary and for the perform-ance period (as defined by the Secretary) for such fiscal year— ‘‘(i) information on the applicable quality measures identified under paragraph (3) with respect to each category of Medicaid eligible individuals under the State plan or a waiver of such plan; and ‘‘(ii) a plan for spending a portion of addi-tional funds resulting from application of this subsection on quality improvement within the State plan under this title or under a waiver of such plan, the Federal matching percentage otherwise applied under subsection (a)(7) for such fiscal year shall be increased by such percentage (as determined by the Secretary) so that the aggregate amount of the resulting increase pursuant to this subsection for the State and fiscal year does not exceed the State allot-ment established under paragraph (2) for the State and fiscal year. ‘‘(2) A
LLOTMENT DETERMINATION .—The Sec- retary shall establish a formula for com-puting State allotments under this para-graph for each fiscal year described in para-graph (1) such that— ‘‘(A) such an allotment to a State is deter-mined based on the performance, including improvement, of such State under this title and title XXI with respect to the quality measures submitted under paragraph (3) by such State for the performance period (as de-fined by the Secretary) for such fiscal year; and ‘‘(B) the total of the allotments under this paragraph for all States for the period of the fiscal years described in paragraph (1) is equal to $8,000,000,000. ‘‘(3) Q
UALITY MEASURES REQUIRED FOR  
BONUS PAYMENTS .—For purposes of this sub-section, the Secretary shall, pursuant to rulemaking and after consultation with State agencies administering State plans under this title, identify and publish (and up-date as necessary) peer-reviewed quality measures (which shall include health care and long-term care outcome measures and may include the quality measures that are overseen or developed by the National Com-mittee for Quality Assurance or the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality or that are identified under section 1139A or 1139B) that are quantifiable, objective measures that take into account the clinically appro-priate measures of quality for different types of patient populations receiving benefits or services under this title or title XXI. ‘‘(4) L
OWER THAN EXPECTED AGGREGATE  
MEDICAL ASSISTANCE EXPENDITURES .—In this subsection, the term ‘lower than expected aggregate medical assistance expenditures’ means, with respect to a State the amount (if any) by which— ‘‘(A) the amount of the adjusted total med-ical assistance expenditures for the State and fiscal year determined in section 1903A(b)(1) without regard to the 1903A en-rollee category described in section 1903A(e)(2)(E); is less than ‘‘(B) the amount of the target total med-ical assistance expenditures for the State and fiscal year determined in section 1903A(c) without regard to the 1903A enrollee category described in section 1903A(e)(2)(E).’’. SEC. 130. OPTIONAL ASSISTANCE FOR CERTAIN INPATIENT PSYCHIATRIC SERVICES. 
(a) S TATE OPTION .—Section 1905 of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396d) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (16)— (i) by striking ‘‘and, (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘(B)’’; and (ii) by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘, and (C) subject to subsection (h)(4), qualified inpatient psy-chiatric hospital services (as defined in sub-section (h)(3)) for individuals who are over 21 years of age and under 65 years of age’’; and (B) in the subdivision (B) that follows para-graph (29), by inserting ‘‘(other than services described in subparagraph (C) of paragraph (16) for individuals described in such sub-paragraph)’’ after ‘‘patient in an institution for mental diseases’’; and (2) in subsection (h), by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(3) For purposes of subsection (a)(16)(C), the term ‘qualified inpatient psychiatric hospital services’ means, with respect to in-dividuals described in such subsection, serv-ices described in subparagraph (B) of para-graph (1) that are not otherwise covered under subsection (a)(16)(A) and are fur-nished— ‘‘(A) in an institution (or distinct part thereof) which is a psychiatric hospital (as defined in section 1861(f)); and ‘‘(B) with respect to such an individual, for a period not to exceed 30 consecutive days in any month and not to exceed 90 days in any calendar year. ‘‘(4) As a condition for a State including qualified inpatient psychiatric hospital serv-ices as medical assistance under subsection (a)(16)(C), the State must (during the period in which it furnishes medical assistance under this title for services and individuals described in such subsection)— ‘‘(A) maintain at least the number of li-censed beds at psychiatric hospitals owned, operated, or contracted for by the State that were being maintained as of the date of the enactment of this paragraph or, if higher, as of the date the State applies to the Sec-retary to include medical assistance under such subsection; and ‘‘(B) maintain on an annual basis a level of funding expended by the State (and political subdivisions thereof) other than under this title from non-Federal funds for inpatient services in an institution described in para-graph (3)(A), and for active psychiatric care and treatment provided on an outpatient basis, that is not less than the level of such funding for such services and care as of the date of the enactment of this paragraph or, if higher, as of the date the State applies to the Secretary to include medical assistance under such subsection.’’. (b) S
PECIAL MATCHING RATE.—Section 1905(b) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395d(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Notwithstanding the previous provisions of this subsection, the Federal medical assistance percentage shall be 50 percent with respect to medical assistance for services and individuals described in sub-section (a)(16)(C).’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to qualified inpatient psychiatric hospital services fur-nished on or after October 1, 2018. 
SEC. 131. ENHANCED FMAP FOR MEDICAL AS-SISTANCE TO ELIGIBLE INDIANS. 
Section 1905(b) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396d(b)) is amended, in the third sentence, by inserting ‘‘and with respect to amounts expended by a State as medical as-sistance for services provided by any other provider under the State plan to an indi-vidual who is a member of an Indian tribe who is eligible for assistance under the State plan’’ before the period. SEC. 132. SMALL BUSINESS HEALTH PLANS. 
(a) T AXTREATMENT OF SMALL BUSINESS  H
EALTH PLANS .—A small business health plan (as defined in section 801(a) of the Em-ployee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974) shall be treated— (1) as a group health plan (as defined in section 2791 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg–91)) for purposes of applying title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg et seq.) and title XXII of such Act (42 U.S.C. 300bb-1); (2) as a group health plan (as defined in section 5000(b)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) for purposes of applying sec-tions 4980B and 5000 and chapter 100 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986; and (3) as a group health plan (as defined in section 733(a)(1) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1191b(a)(1))) for purposes of applying parts 6 and 7 of title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1161 et seq.). (b) R
ULES .—Subtitle B of title I of the Em-ployee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1021 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new part: ‘‘PART 8—RULES GOVERNING SMALL BUSINESS RISK SHARING POOLS 
‘‘SEC. 801. SMALL BUSINESS HEALTH PLANS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of this part, the term ‘small business health plan’ means a fully insured group health plan, of-fered by a health insurance issuer in the large group market, whose sponsor is de-scribed in subsection (b). ‘‘(b) S
PONSOR .—The sponsor of a group health plan is described in this subsection if such sponsor— ‘‘(1) is a qualified sponsor and receives cer-tification by the Secretary; ‘‘(2) is organized and maintained in good faith, with a constitution or bylaws specifi-cally stating its purpose and providing for periodic meetings on at least an annual basis; ‘‘(3) is established as a permanent entity; ‘‘(4) is established for a purpose other than providing health benefits to its members, such as an organization established as a bona fide trade association, franchise, or section 7705 organization; and ‘‘(5) does not condition membership on the basis of a minimum group size. 
‘‘SEC. 802. FILING FEE AND CERTIFICATION OF SMALL BUSINESS HEALTH PLANS. 
‘‘(a) F ILING FEE.—A small business health plan shall pay to the Secretary at the time of filing an application for certification under subsection (b) a filing fee in the amount of $5,000, which shall be available to the Secretary for the sole purpose of admin-istering the certification procedures applica-ble with respect to small business health plans. ‘‘(b) C
ERTIFICATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this part, the Secretary shall prescribe by interim final rule a procedure under which the Secretary— ‘‘(A) will certify a qualified sponsor of a small business health plan, upon receipt of an application that includes the information described in paragraph (2); ‘‘(B) may provide for continued certifi-cation of small business health plans under this part; ‘‘(C) shall provide for the revocation of a certification if the applicable authority finds that the small business health plan involved 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.080 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4346 July 26, 2017 
fails to comply with the requirements of this part; ‘‘(D) shall conduct oversight of certified plan sponsors, including periodic review, and consistent with section 504, applying the re-quirements of sections 518, 519, and 520; and ‘‘(E) will consult with a State with respect to a small business health plan domiciled in such State regarding the Secretary’s author-ity under this part and other enforcement authority under sections 502 and 504. ‘‘(2) I
NFORMATION TO BE INCLUDED IN APPLI -
CATION FOR CERTIFICATION .—An application for certification under this part meets the requirements of this section only if it in-cludes, in a manner and form which shall be prescribed by the applicable authority by regulation, at least the following informa-tion: ‘‘(A) Identifying information. ‘‘(B) States in which the plan intends to do business. ‘‘(C) Bonding requirements. ‘‘(D) Plan documents. ‘‘(E) Agreements with service providers. ‘‘(3) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR CERTIFIED PLAN  
SPONSORS .—Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this part, the Secretary shall prescribe by interim final rule require-ments for certified plan sponsors that in-clude requirements regarding— ‘‘(A) structure and requirements for boards of trustees or plan administrators; ‘‘(B) notification of material changes; and ‘‘(C) notification for voluntary termi-nation. ‘‘(c) F
ILING NOTICE OF CERTIFICATION WITH S
TATES .—A certification granted under this part to a small business health plan shall not be effective unless written notice of such certification is filed by the plan sponsor with the applicable State authority of each State in which the small business health plan oper-ates. ‘‘(d) E
XPEDITED AND DEEMED CERTIFI -
CATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary fails to act on a complete application for certifi-cation under this section within 90 days of receipt of such complete application, the ap-plying small business health plan sponsor shall be deemed certified until such time as the Secretary may deny for cause the appli-cation for certification. ‘‘(2) P
ENALTY .—The Secretary may assess a penalty against the board of trustees, plan administrator, and plan sponsor (jointly and severally) of a small business health plan sponsor that is deemed certified under para-graph (1) of up to $500,000 in the event the Secretary determines that the application for certification of such small business health plan sponsor was willfully or with gross negligence incomplete or inaccurate. 
‘‘SEC. 803. PARTICIPATION AND COVERAGE RE-QUIREMENTS. 
‘‘(a) C OVERED EMPLOYERS AND INDIVID -
UALS .—The requirements of this subsection are met with respect to a small business health plan if, under the terms of the plan— ‘‘(1) each participating employer must be— ‘‘(A) a member of the sponsor; ‘‘(B) the sponsor; or ‘‘(C) an affiliated member of the sponsor, except that, in the case of a sponsor which is a professional association or other indi-vidual-based association, if at least one of the officers, directors, or employees of an employer, or at least one of the individuals who are partners in an employer and who ac-tively participates in the business, is a mem-ber or such an affiliated member of the spon-sor, participating employers may also in-clude such employer; and ‘‘(2) all individuals commencing coverage under the plan after certification under this part must be— ‘‘(A) active or retired owners (including self-employed individuals with or without employees), officers, directors, or employees of, or partners in, participating employers; or ‘‘(B) the dependents of individuals de-scribed in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(b) PARTICIPATING EMPLOYERS .—In apply- ing requirements relating to coverage re-newal, a participating employer shall not be deemed to be a plan sponsor. ‘‘(c) P
ROHIBITION OF DISCRIMINATION  A
GAINST EMPLOYERS AND EMPLOYEES ELIGI-
BLE TO PARTICIPATE .—The requirements of this subsection are met with respect to a small business health plan if— ‘‘(1) under the terms of the plan, no par-ticipating employer may provide health in-surance coverage in the individual market for any employee not covered under the plan, if such exclusion of the employee from cov-erage under the plan is based on a health sta-tus-related factor with respect to the em-ployee and such employee would, but for such exclusion on such basis, be eligible for coverage under the plan; and ‘‘(2) information regarding all coverage op-tions available under the plan is made read-ily available to any employer eligible to par-ticipate. 
‘‘SEC. 804. DEFINITIONS; RENEWAL. 
‘‘For purposes of this part: ‘‘(1) A
FFILIATED MEMBER .—The term ‘affili-ated member’ means, in connection with a sponsor— ‘‘(A) a person who is otherwise eligible to be a member of the sponsor but who elects an affiliated status with the sponsor, or ‘‘(B) in the case of a sponsor with members which consist of associations, a person who is a member or employee of any such asso-ciation and elects an affiliated status with the sponsor. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICABLE STATE AUTHORITY .—The term ‘applicable State authority’ means, with respect to a health insurance issuer in a State, the State insurance commissioner or official or officials designated by the State to enforce the requirements of title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act for the State involved with respect to such issuer. ‘‘(3) F
RANCHISOR ; FRANCHISEE .—The terms ‘franchisor’ and ‘franchisee’ have the mean-ings given such terms for purposes of sec-tions 436.2(a) through 436.2(c) of title 16, Code of Federal Regulations (including any such amendments to such regulation after the date of enactment of this part) and, for pur-poses of this part, franchisor or franchisee employers participating in such a group health plan shall not be treated as the em-ployer, co-employer, or joint employer of the employees of another participating franchisor or franchisee employer for any purpose. ‘‘(4) H
EALTH PLAN TERMS .—The terms ‘group health plan’, ‘health insurance cov-erage’, and ‘health insurance issuer’ have the meanings given such terms in section 733. ‘‘(5) I
NDIVIDUAL MARKET .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘individual market’ means the market for health insur-ance coverage offered to individuals other than in connection with a group health plan. ‘‘(B) T
REATMENT OF VERY SMALL GROUPS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), such term includes coverage offered in con-nection with a group health plan that has fewer than 2 participants as current employ-ees or participants described in section 732(d)(3) on the first day of the plan year. ‘‘(ii) S
TATE EXCEPTION .—Clause (i) shall not apply in the case of health insurance cov-erage offered in a State if such State regu-lates the coverage described in such clause in the same manner and to the same extent as coverage in the small group market (as de-fined in section 2791(e)(5) of the Public Health Service Act) is regulated by such State. ‘‘(6) PARTICIPATING EMPLOYER .—The term ‘participating employer’ means, in connec-tion with a small business health plan, any employer, if any individual who is an em-ployee of such employer, a partner in such employer, or a self-employed individual who is such employer with or without employees (or any dependent, as defined under the terms of the plan, of such individual) is or was covered under such plan in connection with the status of such individual as such an employee, partner, or self-employed indi-vidual in relation to the plan. ‘‘(7) S
ECTION 7705 ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘section 7705 organization’ means an organi-zation providing services for a customer pur-suant to a contract meeting the conditions of subparagraphs (A), (B), (C), (D), and (E) (but not (F)) of section 7705(e)(2) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986, including an entity that is part of a section 7705 organization control group . For purposes of this part, any reference to ‘member’ shall include a cus-tomer of a section 7705 organization except with respect to references to a ‘member’ or ‘members’ in paragraph (1).’’. (c) P
REEMPTION RULES .—Section 514 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1144) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) The provisions of this title shall super-sede any and all State laws insofar as they may now or hereafter preclude a health in-surance issuer from offering health insur-ance coverage in connection with a small business health plan which is certified under part 8.’’. (d) P
LANSPONSOR .—Section 3(16)(B) of such Act (29 U.S.C. 102(16)(B)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘Such term also includes a person serving as the sponsor of a small business health plan under part 8.’’. (e) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Section 731(c) of such Act is amended by inserting ‘‘or part 8’’ after ‘‘this part’’. (f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. The Secretary of Labor shall first issue all regulations necessary to carry out the amendments made by this section within 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act. TITLE II 
SEC. 201. THE PREVENTION AND PUBLIC HEALTH FUND. 
Subsection (b) of section 4002 of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 300u–11) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘fis-cal year 2018’’; and (2) by striking paragraphs (4) through (8). 
SEC. 202. COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTER PRO-GRAM. 
Effective as if included in the enactment of the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–10, 129 Stat. 87), paragraph (1) of section 221(a) of such Act is amended by inserting ‘‘, and an addi-tional $422,000,000 for fiscal year 2017’’ after ‘‘2017’’. 
SEC. 203. CHANGE IN PERMISSIBLE AGE VARI-ATION IN HEALTH INSURANCE PRE-MIUM RATES. 
Section 2701(a)(1)(A)(iii) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg(a)(1)(A)(iii)) is amended by inserting after ‘‘(consistent with section 2707(c))’’ the following: ‘‘or, for plan years beginning on or after January 1, 2019, 5 to 1 for adults (con-sistent with section 2707(c)) or such other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.080 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4347 July 26, 2017 
ratio for adults (consistent with section 2707(c)) as the State may determine’’. 
SEC. 204. WAIVERS FOR STATE INNOVATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1332 of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18052) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by amending clause (i) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(i) a description of how the State plan meeting the requirements of a waiver under this section would, with respect to health in-surance coverage within the State— ‘‘(I) take the place of the requirements de-scribed in paragraph (2) that are waived; and ‘‘(II) provide for alternative means of, and requirements for, increasing access to com-prehensive coverage, reducing average pre-miums, providing consumers the freedom to purchase the health insurance of their choice, and increasing enrollment in private health insurance; and’’; and (II) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘that is budg-et neutral for the Federal Government’’ and inserting ‘‘, demonstrating that the State plan does not increase the Federal deficit’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘the law’’ and inserting ‘‘a law or has in effect a certification’’; (B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘or would qualify for a reduction in’’ after ‘‘would not qualify for’’; (ii) by adding after the second sentence the following: ‘‘A State may request that all of, or any portion of, such aggregate amount of such credits or reductions be paid to the State as described in the first sentence.’’; (iii) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘P
ASS THROUGH OF FUNDING ’’ and inserting ‘‘F
UNDING ’’; (iv) by striking ‘‘With respect’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(A) P
ASS THROUGH OF FUNDING .—With re- spect’’; and (v) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL FUNDING .—There is au-thorized to be appropriated, and is appro-priated, to the Secretary of Health and Human Services, out of monies in the Treas-ury not otherwise obligated, $2,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2017, to remain available until the end of fiscal year 2019, to provide grants to States for purposes of submitting an applica-tion for a waiver granted under this section and implementing the State plan under such waiver. ‘‘(C) A
UTHORITY TO USE MARKET -BASED  
HEALTH CARE GRANT ALLOTMENT .—If the State has an application for an allotment under section 2105(i) of the Social Security Act for the plan year, the State may use the funds available under the State’s allotment for the plan year to carry out the State plan under this section, so long as such use is con-sistent with the requirements of paragraphs (1) and (7) of section 2105(i) of such Act (other than paragraph (1)(B) of such section). Any funds used to carry out a State plan under this subparagraph shall not be considered in determining whether the State plan in-creases the Federal deficit.’’; and (C) in paragraph (4), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) E
XPEDITED PROCESS .—The Secretary shall establish an expedited application and approval process that may be used if the Sec-retary determines that such expedited proc-ess is necessary to respond to an urgent or emergency situation with respect to health insurance coverage within a State.’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘only if’’ and inserting ‘‘unless’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘plan—’’ and all that fol-lows through the period at the end of sub-paragraph (D) and inserting ‘‘application is missing a required element under subsection (a)(1) or that the State plan will increase the Federal deficit, not taking into account any amounts received through a grant under sub-section (a)(3)(B).’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the paragraph heading, by inserting ‘‘OR CERTIFY ’’ after ‘‘ LAW’’; (ii) in subparagraph (A), by inserting be-fore the period ‘‘, and a certification de-scribed in this paragraph is a document, signed by the Governor, and the State insur-ance commissioner, of the State, that pro-vides authority for State actions under a waiver under this section, including the im-plementation of the State plan under sub-section (a)(1)(B)’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in the subparagraph heading, by strik-ing ‘‘
OF OPT OUT ’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘ may repeal a law’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘may terminate the authority provided under the waiver with respect to the State by— ‘‘(i) repealing a law described in subpara-graph (A); or ‘‘(ii) terminating a certification described in subparagraph (A), through a certification for such termination signed by the Governor, and the State insurance commissioner, of the State.’’; (3) in subsection (d)(2)(B), by striking ‘‘and the reasons therefore’’ and inserting ‘‘and the reasons therefore, and provide the data on which such determination was made’’; and (4) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘No waiv-er’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘A waiver under this section— ‘‘(1) shall be in effect for a period of 8 years unless the State requests a shorter duration; ‘‘(2) may be renewed for unlimited addi-tional 8-year periods upon application by the State; and ‘‘(3) may not be cancelled by the Secretary before the expiration of the 8-year period (in-cluding any renewal period under paragraph (2)).’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .—Section 1332 of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18052) shall apply as follows: (1) In the case of a State for which a waiver under such section was granted prior to the date of enactment of this Act, such section 1332, as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act shall apply to the waiver and State plan. (2) In the case of a State that submitted an application for a waiver under such section prior to the date of enactment of this Act, and which application the Secretary of Health and Human Services has not approved prior to such date, the State may elect to have such section 1332, as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, or such section 1332, as amended by sub-section (a), apply to such application and State plan. (3) In the case of a State that submits an application for a waiver under such section on or after the date of enactment of this Act, such section 1332, as amended by subsection (a), shall apply to such application and State plan. SEC. 205. ALLOWING ALL INDIVIDUALS PUR-CHASING HEALTH INSURANCE IN THE INDIVIDUAL MARKET THE OP-TION TO PURCHASE A LOWER PRE-MIUM CATASTROPHIC PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1302(e) of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18022(e)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) C
ONSUMER FREEDOM .—For plan years beginning on or after January 1, 2019, para-graph (1)(A) shall not apply with respect to any plan offered in the State.’’. (b) R
ISKPOOLS.—Section 1312(c) of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18032(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and in-cluding, with respect to plan years beginning on or after January 1, 2019, enrollees in cata-strophic plans described in section 1302(e)’’ after ‘‘Exchange’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘and in-cluding, with respect to plan years beginning on or after January 1, 2019, enrollees in cata-strophic plans described in section 1302(e)’’ after ‘‘Exchange’’. 
SEC. 206. APPLICATION OF ENFORCEMENT PEN-ALTIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2723 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg–22) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and of section 1303 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act’’ after ‘‘this part’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘or in such section 1303’’ after ‘‘this part’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraphs (1) and (2)(A), by insert-ing ‘‘or section 1303 of the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act’’ after ‘‘this part’’ each place such term appears; (B) in paragraph (2)(C)(ii), by inserting ‘‘and section 1303 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act’’ after ‘‘this part’’. (b) E
FFECT OF WAIVER .—A State waiver pursuant to section 1332 of the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18052) shall not affect the authority of the Secretary to impose penalties under section 2723 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg–22). 
SEC. 207. FUNDING FOR COST-SHARING PAY-MENTS. 
There is appropriated to the Secretary of Health and Human Services, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-priated, such sums as may be necessary for payments for cost-sharing reductions au-thorized by the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act (including adjustments to any prior obligations for such payments) for the period beginning on the date of enact-ment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2019. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, payments and other actions for ad-justments to any obligations incurred for plan years 2018 and 2019 may be made through December 31, 2020. 
SEC. 208. REPEAL OF COST-SHARING SUBSIDY PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1402 of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act is repealed. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The repeal made by subsection (a) shall apply to cost-sharing re-ductions (and payments to issuers for such reductions) for plan years beginning after December 31, 2019. f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Bruce King, Charlie Ellsworth, Veronica Duron, and Matthew Fuentes of my staff be given all-access passes to the floor during the consideration of H.R. 1628. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.080 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4348 July 26, 2017 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Julia Rhodes and Kyle Wesson, fellows in my office, be granted floor privileges for the remainder of the debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, JULY 27, 2017 Mr. ENZI. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 10 a.m. on Thursday, July 27; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of H.R. 1628, with the time until 2:15 p.m. equally divided be-tween the two leaders or their des-ignees; and finally, that at 2:15 p.m., the Senate vote in relation to the Daines amendment No. 340, as modi-fied. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. ENZI. Madam President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the pre-vious order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 7:57 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, July 27, 2017, at 10 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.044 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1053 July 26, 2017 
HONORING FONA INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
HON. PETER J. ROSKAM 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor FONA International, Inc., a company lo-cated in Geneva, Illinois, which was recently named the number one small/medium work-place in Chicago by Fortune magazine and consulting firm Great Place to Work. At FONA International, Inc. 97 percent of employees say they are proud of their work-place, have been offered training or develop-ment to further themselves professionally, and have access to a special and unique benefit system. This was only possible due to the leadership of Joe and Mary Slawek. Since FONA Inter-national’s founding in 1987 the Slaweks has been the driving force behind its exceptional corporate culture which stresses retaining and recognizing its employees. The Slaweks have championed innovative programs and initia-tives which have earned their company a spot on the National Association for Business Re-sources’ list of Chicago’s 101 Best and Bright-est Companies to Work for. FONA International, Inc. is currently cele-brating 30 years creating and producing fla-vors for the largest food, beverage, and nutri-tion companies in the world. Their excellent work over the years has made them an indus-try leader and they have even been awarded the 2016 Food Quality and Safety Award by Food Quality and Safety magazine. Mr. Speaker and distinguished colleagues, please join me in congratulating FONA Inter-national, Inc. on being named the number one workplace in Chicagoland and for their legacy of achievement. FONA International Inc. is a company that truly cares not only for their cus-tomers, but also for their employees. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, on July 17, 2017, I was absent from the House and missed Roll Call Vote 379. Had I been present for Roll Call Vote 379, on passage of H.R. 2210, I would have voted Yes. RECOGNIZING THE 27TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT HON. F. JAMES SENSENBRENNER, JR. 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the 27th Anniversary of the passage of the Americans with Disabilities Act. Congress passed the ADA to break down the physical and societal barriers that kept dis-abled Americans from fully participating in the American Dream. From creating standards for wheelchair accessibility in places open to the public, to requiring 911 phone lines to be equipped to respond to hearing-impaired call-ers, the ADA has transformed the lives of mil-lions of Americans. The progress we’ve made is remarkable, and I’m proud to have been part of these efforts. Throughout my career, I have seen few pieces of legislation that bring all people to-gether as much as the ADA. Not only did this historic legislation pass both chambers with large bipartisan majorities, but the ADA Amendments Act passed unanimously in 2008. This legislation shows that Congress can come together to solve problems for the betterment of the American people. I proudly stand with the thousands of advo-cates who come to Washington, D.C. this week to continue the fight for the rights of all Americans. 
f 
VALERIA ALU’S 101ST BIRTHDAY 
HON. PAUL MITCHELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to give special recognition to one of Michigan’s oldest residents who will celebrate her 101st birthday on August 9th. Ms. Alu was born in 1916 and lived in the Detroit area for over 60 years, witnessing first-hand the incredible changes of the city before moving into Michi-gan’s 10th District. Val, as she likes to be called, spent her life serving others by teach-ing immigrants the path to gain U.S. citizen-ship. Val also enjoys reading and has fond memories baking cookies with her daughter every day. I would like to congratulate Ms. Valeria Alu on this amazing milestone, and thank her for countless years of service. I wish this cente-narian a very healthy and happy birthday. THE IMPORTANCE OF THE CHILD NUTRITION REAUTHORIZATION ACT HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to express my strong support for reauthorization of the Child Nutrition Reauthor-ization Act (CNR). Every 5 years, we are pro-vided with an opportunity to strengthen child nutrition and school meal programs so they meet the nutrition needs of our children. The last time we reauthorized Child Nutrition pro-grams was in 2010 when President Obama signed the Health, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010. This Act included a number of improve-ments to the quality of school food and cre-ated a national afterschool meal program, in addition to several other positive provisions that have helped to address food insecurity since its passage. That law expired in 2015. Financial problems plaguing the CNR cannot be addressed unless Congress takes decisive action in reforming this legislation. The issues of food insecurity and nutrition in this country impact far too many families. Ac-cording to the USDA, 13 percent of American households are food insecure. Families in my district are disproportionately affected by food insecurity. For example, this inadequate ac-cess to food is a stark reality for individuals in Wilcox County, where thirty-three percent of the population has uncertain access to food. In Dallas, Greene and Sumter Counties, the food insecurity rate is higher than 29 percent. Most troubling, though, is the alarming per-centage of children in my district affected by the issue of food scarcity. In Tuscaloosa, 23 percent of children faced food scarcity in 2016. Furthermore, sixty-six percent of stu-dents in Tuscaloosa City Schools rely on free or reduced lunch programs. For these chil-dren, federal programs provide essential nutri-tion that they would not otherwise have ac-cess to. Hunger can have serious, harmful effects on a child’s health and ability to learn. Childhood hunger is associated with behavioral, atten-tion, academic, and emotional problems. These struggles can lead to lower test scores, higher levels of school failure, other potentially lifelong health problems, and learning deficits. Prioritizing this issue is necessary to revitalize the crucial nutrition programs that many chil-dren in this country rely on. We cannot afford to leave our most vulnerable citizens without access to the proper resources they need in order to thrive and contribute to our society. That is why I am urging Congress to take ac-tion and renew the Child Nutrition Reauthor-ization Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY8.001 E26JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1054 July 26, 2017 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RYAN A. COSTELLO 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, on July 24, 2017, I missed three re-corded votes on the House floor so that I could be present for the birth of my daughter, Caroline. Had I been present, I would have voted yea on Roll Call 407, yea on Roll Call 408, and yea on Roll Call 409. 
f 
RECOGNIZING SOPHIE EUBANKS, 2017 NFIB YOUNG ENTRE-PRENEUR OF THE YEAR FINAL-IST 
HON. GEORGE HOLDING 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the distinguished accomplishment of a constituent in my district, Sophie Eubanks, on the occasion of her 2017 NFIB Young En-trepreneur Award. Miss Eubanks, of Raleigh, NC, is the found-er and owner The PinkyGirl, a web based monogramming apparel company. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in recognizing Miss Eubanks on her out-standing achievements. We wish her nothing but the best for her future entrepreneurial and educational endeavors. 
f 
MEDICARE PART B IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. MIKE BISHOP 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 25, 2017 Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3178, the Medicare Part B Improvement Act. This bill would make specific improvements to Medi-care Part B programs, like protecting access to orthotics and prosthetics for Medicare bene-ficiaries who need them. In particular, a provision within this bill, spearheaded by Representative GT T
HOMP -
SON, MIKETHOMPSON , and myself, would allow additional information provided by prosthetists and orthotists—the trained clinical experts who evaluate and fit the beneficiary—to be consid-ered by Medicare to support documentation of medical necessity for orthotics and prosthetics. This straightforward, bipartisan bill will im-prove the quality of life of beneficiaries, save jobs of orthotic and prosthetic suppliers, and provide a foundation to better meet the healthcare needs of our aging constituents. I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting H.R. 3178, the Medicare Part B im-provement Act. COUNTERING AMERICA’S ADVER-SARIES THROUGH SANCTIONS ACT SPEECH OF  
HON. GENE GREEN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 25, 2017 Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3364. I rise in support of the Countering America’s Adversaries through Sanctions Act, to strengthen sanctions against Russia, North Korea, and Iran. These sanctions have been a long time coming. Russian aggression towards the United States and our allies is at a level not seen since the Cold War. Although you wouldn’t know it from the conduct of our president, Russia is unparalleled in its willingness to use illicit ‘‘active measures’’ to try to weaken the rules-based international order that has bene-fited the world for decades. Although the tech-niques in many ways aren’t new—we saw similar tactics during the Cold War—the power of social media and the Internet have only am-plified Russia’s capabilities. It’s thought that Russia has been behind the hacking of the attempted hacking of cam-paigns, infrastructure systems, and govern-ment entities in many of our European allies, including Denmark, France, Georgia, the Neth-erlands, Germany, Ukraine, and Estonia. In Ukraine, Russia is thought to be behind a power blackout in 2015. Many of Russia’s attempts have failed, but in Russia’s influence campaign in the 2016 presidential election, it was partially success-ful. Russia and its government-backed hack-ers have undermined the integrity of our democratic processes and our system of rep-resentative government, the foundation of our country, since its inception. It may not have succeeded in changing the outcome of the election, but it has accomplished one of its goals, to sow discord and mistrust in an al-ready-divided country. We must not let it ac-complish its other aims. President Trump has often seemed more admiring of Vladimir Putin and Russian offi-cials than he has of his own country. In many cases, he’s been friendlier to the Russian gov-ernment than to his own advisors. As presi-dent, astonishingly, he’s talked about a joint cyber-security task force with our biggest cyber adversary. This bill is a crucial step in ensuring that we make clear to Russia that we will not accept the meddling of foreign governments in our democratic processes or the endangerment or intimidation of our allies and our people. We must make sure that Russia is not emboldened by our president’s apparent de-termination to improve relations with Russia at any cost, and that it does not continue to en-danger our democracy, our infrastructure, or our allies. Make no mistake—Russia poses a huge threat to the United States. If the U.S. govern-ment fails to respond, Ukraine’s power black-out should serve as a warning of what is to come, to ignore at our peril. Russia’s appetite for cyber and information warfare and its will-ingness to employ criminals and malicious hackers forsworn by other countries make it especially dangerous. We must protect our people and our infrastructure, and this bill makes sure that Congress has the ability to do that. f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF THE RULE SUBMITTED BY BUREAU OF CON-SUMER FINANCIAL PROTECTION RELATING TO ARBITRATION AGREEMENTS 
SPEECH OF  
HON. LOIS FRANKEL 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 25, 2017 Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition of House Joint Resolu-tion 111 which would eliminate the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s rule prohibiting mandatory arbitration clauses in financial serv-ices contracts. These clauses, which are bur-ied in the fine print of banking contracts, strip consumers who are scammed, cheated, or de-frauded by big banks of their constitutional right to seek justice in our nation’s courts. In-stead, they force consumers to go through a secretive non-judicial process overseen by an arbitration provider chosen by the bank. Ac-cording to a study conducted by the CFPB, when these disputes are resolved through ar-bitration, consumers receive relief in only 9 percent of claims and even when consumers do win, they recover, on average, only 12 cents for every dollar claimed. I support the CFPB rule and oppose this effort to allow big banks to deny customers access to the justice system. The elimination of the forced arbitration rule protects the special interests of Wall Street and hurts consumers. I therefore urge my col-leagues to vote no on this Resolution. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF EMILIO VARGAS, JR. 
HON. FILEMON VELA 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Emilio Vargas, Jr., a civil rights activist, local historian, and community leader who recently passed away at the age of 83. The Goliad native’s reach was immense as he helped both his neighbors and His-panics throughout Texas gain recognition at the State Capitol. Mr. Vargas joined the U.S. Air Force in 1954 and served until 1958 when he was hon-orably discharged. He also served on the Goliad school board and as Precinct 1 Justice of the Peace from 1995 to 2006. Vargas was then employed by the Texas Department of State Health Service for over 30 years. Mr. Vargas made it his mission to educate and empower people in communities across the state of Texas. Realizing that only through education could Hispanics advance, he set out to influence many lives, especially those of Hispanic youth. An avid historian, he worked tirelessly to share stories of struggle and the proud traditions of those whose heritage he shared. Through his tireless efforts with the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26JY8.006 E26JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1055 July 26, 2017 
Ignacio Zaragoza Society, one of the many nonprofits he served during his life, Emilio shaped the lives of countless people in his community. Emilio Vargas will be missed for his tremen-dous heart, his sense of duty and his unwav-ering belief that this land is a land for all. Mr. Speaker, I honor Mr. Emilio Vargas, Jr. I ask my colleagues to join me in carrying on his legacy. 
f 
SELFRIDGE ANGB 100TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. SANDER M. LEVIN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the 100th Anniversary of Selfridge Air National Guard Base. Selfridge ANGB is home to the Air National Guard 127th Wing, which operates KC–135 Stratotankers and the A–10 Thunderbolt II. The base is also currently home to more than 20 tenant units from all branches of the military, the Coast Guard, and Border Patrol. Opened in 1917, the base, then called Selfridge Field, was one of only nine military air fields in the United States as we entered World War I. The field remained a training ground through World War II. In 1943, the 332d Fighter Group of the historic Tuskegee Airmen was garrisoned at the base. After World War II ended, Selfridge ex-panded its borders to its current size and was renamed Selfridge Air Force Base. The base continued to train pilots and stand ready through the Cold War. For twenty years, Selfridge AFB provided ground-controlled interception coverage for interceptor aircraft and surface-to-air missiles. When the Air Force’s mission at Selfridge ended in 1970, the base was transferred to the Michigan Air National Guard, becoming Selfridge Air Na-tional Guard Base. Today, Selfridge ANGB continues to be an important member of the southeast Michigan region, and a vital resource in the defense of our nation. The base works to bring aviation themed math and science education to our community through the STARBASE program. Selfridge ANGB also continues to excel at its mission, and was most recently awarded both the Carl A. Spaatz Award and the Air Force Meritorious Unit Award. I encourage my colleagues to join me in celebrating and honoring the 100th Anniver-sary of Selfridge Air National Guard Base and the men and women of the 127th Wing who continue to serve our country admirably. As a beacon of community involvement and military excellence, we look forward to Selfridge ANGB’s continued service for many years to come. 
f 
HONORING THE HONORABLE SAMUEL M. MORRIS 
HON. THOMAS MacARTHUR 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 Mr. M
ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory and life of the Honorable Samuel M. Morris of the Third Congressional District of New Jersey, and to express my sin-cerest condolences to his family and loved ones he has left behind, as well as to recog-nize his career of public service. Samuel was known for his unwavering focus on his goals. His talent for advocacy started in high school where he was an active member of the Debating Club at Point Pleasant Beach High School. He was a talented athlete, and was a member of the 1953 ‘‘miracle gulls’’ football team, which won the Group I State Championship. In 1954, Samuel responded to our nation’s call by joining and serving in the armed forces with the Engineers of the 11th Airborne. With a passion for learning, specifically the law, he continued his academic studies while serving his country, taking courses in German and International Law in Munich, Germany. Among his return home to the United States, Samuel completed his Bachelor’s Degree in History and Political Science at Monmouth College and eventually received his Juris Doctor De-gree from the Seton Hall University School of Law. Samuel went on to lead a successful legal career, first practicing for Mead, Glea-son, Hansen, and Pantagesa Firm in Newark, New Jersey, specializing in Workers’ Com-pensation Law. Samuel decided to open his own practice in his hometown of Brick, New Jersey. After years of establishing a success-ful private practice, Samuel was appointed to become the Brick Township Municipal Judge. He was so successful in that position, that he was called upon by other townships to help them establish their municipal court systems. He was known and well respected in every township that he presided over in the years to come. Beyond his illustrious legal career, Samuel was a dedicated family man, who married his wife Lynn in 1956. Samuel enjoyed spending time with Lynn, their five children, and many grandchildren, and great-grandchildren. Mr. Speaker, the people of New Jersey’s Third Congressional District are tremendously honored to have had the Honorable Samuel M. Morris as a selfless and dedicated member of their community who devoted his career to bettering the world around him. It is with a heavy heart that I commemorate his veteran service, career, and life, and recognize the lasting legacy of public service that he has left behind, before the United States House of Representatives. f 
RECOGNIZING THE AMERICAN CHI-NESE COMMERCE ASSOCIATION (HK) 
HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, if is my honor to recognize the American Chinese Commerce Association (HK) as they celebrate 20 years of exemplary service to the Asian American community. Since it began, the American Chinese Com-merce Association (HK) has been a voice for Chinese immigrants and Chinese Americans living in New York City and around the globe. As one of the largest chambers of commerce in the United States, the association is com-mitted to providing business opportunities in the American and Chinese business sectors. By assisting immigrants as they develop suc-cessful business enterprises, the association is a bold advocate for local small businesses and entrepreneurs. When it comes to maintaining business and trade relationships between the U.S. and China, the American Chinese Commerce As-sociation works to protect the best interests of both parties. I sincerely congratulate American Chinese Commerce Association (HK) for its proud his-tory and many achievements. The future is bright for many more years of successful and even life-changing work. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JAMES B. RENACCI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 410, YEA on Roll Call No. 411, YEA on Roll Call No. 412, and YEA on Roll Call No. 413. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF LARRY GREENE 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, today I stand to recognize Mr. Larry Greene’s retirement from the position of Executive Director of the Sac-ramento Metropolitan Air Quality Management District. I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring Mr. Greene and his outstanding dedi-cation to cleaner air in my hometown of Sac-ramento. Mr. Greene served our region for twenty-two years, helping to produce cleaner air, prolong lifespans, and protect the environment. He was a two-term president of the California Air Pollution Control Officers Association (CAPCOA), and holds a permanent seat on its Board of Directors. Larry’s public service also included a term as President of the National Association of Clean Air Agencies. Before he delved into clean air policy, Mr. Greene served our country in the United States Army for 25 years, specializing in logistics management. Clearly, Larry Greene is the epitome of a pub-lic servant. Since 1990, the Sacramento region has benefited from a 66 percent drop in nitrogen oxides, largely thanks to Mr. Greene’s efforts. He has been the main proponent for many clean air programs, including the ‘‘Spare the Air’’ and ‘‘Check Before You Burn’’ campaigns. His success can be attributed to his methods of working as a partner for elected officials and community organizations that seek out solid, incentive-based solutions for busi-nesses. Communities across our country that wish to improve their air quality should look no further than Larry for the model of what a clean air advocate can do. Mr. Speaker, I stand to honor Mr. Larry Greene today and to wish him the best of luck 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26JY8.004 E26JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1056 July 26, 2017 
in retirement. I ask all my colleagues to join me in paying tribute to Mr. Greene for his un-wavering dedication to the air quality of the Sacramento region. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE EXPANSION OF THE SCIENCE BUILDING AT SUNY ADIRONDACK 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the ribbon cutting for the new expansion of the science building at SUNY Adirondack. SUNY Adirondack is a regional leader in education. Their dedicated faculty and moti-vated students share the college’s interactive and community-oriented mission. Since its founding in 1961, SUNY Adirondack has cre-ated opportunities for growth and excellence in the North Country.‘ In service of this educational mission, SUNY Adirondack has been constructing two addi-tions to its current science building. On one side, a new science wing features redesigned classrooms, increased laboratory spaces, and a greenhouse. These modernized and ex-panded facilities will house the nursing, science, technology, engineering, and math programs at the college. On the other side, a new Workforce Readiness Center is sched-uled to be finished by the end of the year. The enlarged and renovated building, renamed ‘Adirondack Hall,’ embraces the dynamic and innovative learning style of the college. On behalf of New York’s 21st District, I want to congratulate SUNY Adirondack on their new facilities. We are grateful for their commitment to educating our community, and hope that this expansion serves them well for many years to come. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF QUEEN OF PEACE PAR-ISH IN HARLINGEN, TEXAS 
HON. FILEMON VELA 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Queen of Peace Parish as they cel-ebrate 50 years of service. Located in the South Texas city of Har-lingen, Queen of Peace Parish was founded in 1967 when the Congregation of the Sacred Hearts of Jesus and Mary ventured from Fairhaven, Massachusetts, to Harlingen to es-tablish their presence in the newly formed Dio-cese of Brownsville. Since its formation, the parish has focused on families, and that con-tinues to be a cornerstone today. For 50 years, its members have volunteered time and energy to helping those most in need. The parish, through Fr. Regis Kwiatkowski SS.CC, inherited a tract of land designated for low-income housing development. The land was then sold to purchase a corner lot where the first rectory was built, originally just a farm house. Today the church building sits on that same piece of property, and September 2017 marks the anniversary of the congregation’s presence in the community. Queen of Peace Parish has made a lasting, positive impact in our community, and they will continue to play a role in the improvement of South Texas. I rise today to congratulate them for their half-century of success. f 
RECOGNIZING LA SOUPE 
HON. BRAD R. WENSTRUP 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share the story of La Soupe, a local non-profit here in Cincinnati, with the rest of the country and to recognize them for their con-tributions to our community. La Soupe is a non-profit organization run by a local chef, Suzy DeYoung. They take the food-waste donations of local grocery stores— food that would otherwise be thrown out at the end of the day—and turn it into delicious soups, that are then given to people who are hungry. In 2016 alone, La Soupe successfully res-cued 125,000 pounds of food from going to the landfill and donated over 95,000 servings to people living in food insecurity. La Soupe’s impact in the Greater Cincinnati area should be shared with the country as we work to address poverty, and the challenges that Americans experiencing poverty face every day. La Soupe is a prime example of why the federal government needs to focus on empowering local poverty and hunger initia-tives to thrive. They know the community best—and are positioned to provide the local solutions that are needed to help their neigh-bors. Thank you to Suzy, and the staff at La Soupe, for their dedication to the wellbeing of all members of our community. I look forward to watching the further success of La Soupe, and the impact it makes on Ohio’s Second District, and the country. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE DISTINGUISHED SERVICE OF DR. GARY OBERG 
HON. PETER J. ROSKAM 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a dedicated public servant from Crystal Lake, Illinois, Dr. Gary Oberg. Dr. Oberg has been a school board member for the past 30 years and this past April he con-cluded his service to Crystal Lake School Dis-trict 155. Since joining the board in 1985, Dr. Oberg has seen 36,000 students graduate from Com-munity High School District 155, worked with six superintendents, and witnessed the transi-tion from blackboards and overhead projectors to tablets and high-tech whiteboards. During his tenure, Dr. Oberg has been an exemplary leader and public servant. Dr. Oberg played a key role in building Prairie Ridge High School. While on the Building and Grounds Committee during that time, he helped incorporate principles of good environ-mental practices in its construction. He also oversaw the expansion of educational pro-grams and schools including Cary-Grove High School’s D and E wings, media center, and fine arts center, expansions at Crystal Lake South in 2003 and 2006, and the opening of Haber Oaks alternative high school in 2008. Dr. Oberg has represented his community well and has been a strong voice for the City of Crystal Lake throughout his time in office. His long service to the students and families of Crystal Lake and to McHenry County is truly commendable. Although he is retiring, Crystal Lake will continue to benefit from his involvement as a member of the community. Mr. Speaker and distinguished colleagues, please join me in congratulating Dr. Gary Oberg on 32 years of public service and in wishing him all the best for the days ahead. f 
FLORIDA INVENTORS HALL OF FAME 2017 
HON. GUS M. BILIRAKIS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the eight inventors who have been rec-ognized as the 2017 Inductees of the Florida Inventors Hall of Fame. In order to be named as an Inductee, these inventors were nomi-nated by their peers nationwide and have un-dergone the scrutiny of the Florida Inventors Hall of Fame Selection Committee. As a re-sult, their innovations have been identified as significantly impacting the quality of life, eco-nomic development, and welfare of their com-munities, the citizens of Florida, and the United States. The Florida Inventors Hall of Fame was founded in 2013 by Paul R. Sanberg, Senior Vice President for Research, Innovation and Knowledge Enterprise, and Judy Genshaft, President, at the University of South Florida. It was recognized by the Florida Senate with Senate Resolution 1756, adopted on April 30, 2014. Its mission is to encourage individuals of all backgrounds to strive toward the better-ment of Florida and society through contin-uous, groundbreaking innovation by cele-brating the incredible scientific work that has been or is being accomplished in Florida and by its citizens. Nomination to the Florida Inventors Hall of Fame is open to all Florida inventors (living or dead) who are or have been residents of Flor-ida. The nominee must be a named inventor on a patent issued by the United States Pat-ent and Trademark Office. The impact of the inventor and his or her invention should be significant to society as a whole, and the in-vention should have been commercialized, uti-lized, or led to important innovations. The 2017 Inductees of the Florida Inventors Hall of Fame are: Issa Batarseh, director of the Florida Power Electronics Center at the University of Central Florida in Orlando, for inventing low cost, high efficiency micro-inverters for photovoltaic (PV) applications that led to the creation of the first compact single solar PV panel; Michael J. DeLuca, electrical engineer and intellectual property counsel for NextEra En-ergy, Florida Power & Light, in Juno Beach, for his groundbreaking technology known 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26JY8.009 E26JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1057 July 26, 2017 
today as ‘‘voltage scaling,’’ which significantly increased the battery life of portable commu-nication devices; Kenneth M. Ford, co-founder and CEO of the Florida Institute for Human and Machine Cognition, in Pensacola and Ocala, for his pio-neering work in artificial intelligence and human-centered computing, and for his signifi-cant contributions to the United States and Florida’s technology and research commu-nities; Phillip Frost, physician, inventor, and current CEO of OPKO Health in Miami, who invented a revolutionary disposable punch biopsy tool, as well as various therapeutic methods for treating psoriasis, heart and respiratory dis-eases; Richard D. Gitlin, State of Florida 21st Cen-tury World Class Scholar and Distinguished University Professor at the University of South Florida in Tampa, for development of the origi-nal digital subscriber line (DSL) and his subse-quent inventive research and development in digital communications, broadband networking, and wireless systems that transformed com-munication technology; Thomas H. Maren, (1918–1999), physician, Graduate Research Professor at the University of Florida (UF) in Gainesville, and charter member of the UF College of Medicine faculty, who made underlying discoveries that resulted in the invention and commercialization of Trusopt
®, the first topical treatment for glau-coma; and T. Dwayne McCay and Mary Helen McCay. Dwayne McCay, President of the Florida Insti-tute of Technology (FIT) in Melbourne, and Mary Helen McCay, whose novel approaches in the area of metallurgical engineering, spe-cific to laser-induced surface improvement (LISI), have greatly contributed to increased patient safety and improved medical outcomes in facilities nationwide. Innovation and invention are the building blocks of our nation. I applaud these highly accomplished individuals and the organiza-tions that support them in their quest to change the world in ways that truly benefit hu-manity. Furthermore, it is because of the per-severance of these inventors that future gen-erations are encouraged to reach beyond their limits and push the boundaries of innovation. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF BELFRY HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL COACH PHIL-IP HAYWOOD, FOR BEING NAMED COACH OF THE YEAR BY THE NATIONAL HIGH SCHOOL ATH-LETIC COACHES ASSOCIATION 
HON. HAROLD ROGERS 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to rise today in recognition of the outstanding achievements of one of my con-stituents, the Head Football Coach of Belfry High School, Mr. Philip Haywood. Unparalleled among his peers, Coach Haywood was re-cently named Coach of the Year by the Na-tional High School Athletic Coaches Associa-tion. A native of Prestonsburg, he has coached Eastern Kentuckians for more than 40 years, and is the winningest coach in Ken-tucky history with a record of 417 wins and only 130 losses. Clearly, this is not the first major award Coach Haywood has received—far from it. In 2013, Coach Haywood was named USA To-day’s National Coach of the Year, an award voted on by fans, and a clear indication of how beloved he is by those who know and ap-preciate football, both inside the Common-wealth and beyond it. In 2014, he received the Blanton Collier School Coach of the Year award, an honor reserved for only the best coaches in Kentucky. In 2016, he was in-ducted into the Kentucky High School Coach-es Hall of Fame. To the surprise of no one, Coach Haywood has been named the Courier- Journal Coach of the Year five different times. His successes are many, and his impact far- reaching. Accolades aside, what truly separates Coach Haywood from the rest of the field is his dedication to ‘‘Faith, Family, and Football,’’ the title of a book he recently authored that speaks to the eternal. Coach Haywood has been a longtime youth leader and choir direc-tor in his local church, and has served as a Fellowship of Christian Athletes Huddle leader at Belfry for over 30 years. As a coach and mentor, he has taught his student-athletes the value of self-discipline, to overcome defeat, to be gracious in victory, and to persevere through every test. He has mentored hundreds of students, guiding them along the straight and narrow path. An exemplary model of suc-cess and virtue, I thank Coach Haywood for his many years of service to the Fifth District. His efforts, past and present, are much appre-ciated. f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE AND LEG-ACY OF MOISES VICENTE VELA, SR. 
HON. FILEMON VELA 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the memory of Moises Vicente Vela, Sr., beloved patriarch of one of the most prominent and loved families of the Rio Grande Valley, who passed away on June 11, 2017. Judge Vela, or ‘‘Moe,’’ as he was known to friends and family, was born and raised in Harlingen, Texas. Judge Vela returned to his hometown following his graduation from St. Mary’s University School of Law in San Anto-nio. He later served as a municipal court judge in Harlingen and was one of the first Hispanics to serve as Cameron County judge. Beloved by his community, Judge Vela was dedicated to improving the lives of those around him. From his involvement with the Boys and Girls Club of Harlingen, Lions Club, Jaycees, and the Vietnam War Selective Serv-ice Draft Board to his contributions as a former Chairman of the Board of Regents of Pan American University (UTRGV), Judge Vela deeply cared about creating a more pros-perous future for residents of the Rio Grande Valley. In spite of his 50 plus years of service to his community, Judge Vela considered his wife, five children, 10 grandchildren and five great- grandchildren his greatest accomplishment. He will be remembered as a kind and gen-erous man, whose legacy will forever live on in South Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today to honor Judge Vela for his lifetime of service to our community. The Rio Grande Valley has lost one of its finest, and his ab-sence will be felt for a long time to come. f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE AMERICAN OPPORTUNITY CARBON FEE ACT 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, this ad-ministration has made attacking the environ-ment and rolling back progress we’ve made fighting climate change one of its top priorities. The most recent example is the U.S. with-drawal from the Paris climate agreement. They’re taking us backwards. Future genera-tions will shoulder the devastation of increased temperatures, rising sea levels, and environ-mental degradation. We can’t deny modern science. Human ac-tivities, including the burning of fossil fuels, are contributing to climate change. The United States is a major contributor to global carbon pollution and shows little sign of stopping. We have a moral responsibility to reverse this trend and place sensible limits on emissions. In the absence of leadership from the White House, Congress must step up. That’s why this week, my colleague Representative D
AVID C
ICILLINE and I are joining our colleagues, Senators S
HELDON WHITEHOUSE and B RIAN S
CHATZ , in introducing legislation to finally put a clear price on carbon pollution and begin to drastically lower our emissions. The American Opportunity Carbon Fee Act would place a $49 fee on every metric ton of carbon emissions starting in 2018. This fee would increase every year to ensure that pol-luters pay their fair share. It also levels the playing field by pricing dirty energy accu-rately—so clean energy can better compete. To ensure that the American people aren’t hurt by this price on carbon, part of the fee would be returned to the public every year as a refundable tax credit. Additional funds would be used to help vulnerable communities who might be impacted by higher heating and elec-tricity bills. Putting a price on emissions is a crucial ele-ment of our transition to a low carbon future, helping us not just stave off the worst impacts of climate change, but also grow the ‘‘clean economy,’’ create jobs, and save money. Reducing the amount of carbon that we put into the air is just one part of the fight against climate change. When paired with investments in public transit, affordable housing, and clean energy jobs, particularly in those communities most impacted by climate change, this bill can kick-start much needed climate action. I am under no illusion that this bill will move to the floor as is, but this is an important step to engaging in a bipartisan, bicameral discus-sion on how to best put a price on carbon. It’s time to wake up, and I urge my colleagues to join us in finally taking meaningful Congres-sional action to address climate change. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY8.014 E26JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1058 July 26, 2017 
RECOGNIZING SERGEANT FIRST CLASS EDWARD ‘‘GRADY’’ HALCOMB 
HON. DENNIS A. ROSS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Sergeant First Class Edward ‘‘Grady’’ Halcomb and his brave and selfless acts while serving as a medic for Company B, 1st Bat-talion of the 29th Infantry Division in the United States Army during the Korean War. Sergeant First Class Halcomb passed away on July 2, 2017. A veteran of 20 years of service, Sergeant First Class Halcomb’s strength and care for his fellow soldiers during the war was truly ex-emplary. At only 19 years old, he endured and witnessed unspeakable horrors that no one should ever have to experience. No matter how dangerous or grim the circumstances, he never gave up hope on his fellow soldiers, his country or himself. His company was outnumbered by North Korean troops, depleted of all ammo, and cap-tured. One of only 11 men left after battle, then-Private First Class Halcomb was forced to walk the 120-mile Seoul Death March to Pyongyang, North Korea, where he and more than 300 American troops were held as pris-oners of war (POWs). As numerous soldiers were dying daily from malnutrition and medical issues, Private First Class Halcomb risked his life day-after-day to protect and save his fellow soldiers by helping to negotiate food and medicine for them. After 85 torturous and terrifying days of being POWs, Private First Class Halcomb and four other soldiers miraculously escaped and were rescued, only days before the rest of the prisoners were brutally murdered. Sergeant First Class Grady Halcomb’s valor, sacrifice and service to this country commu-nicate an incredible testimony of a man who put his life on the line for America and its peo-ple. Because of him, and soldiers like him, we are able to enjoy the benefits of living in the greatest nation on Earth. Although we owe more to Sergeant First Class Halcomb than we can never truly repay, one of my greatest honors and joys of being a Member of Congress was presenting him with the Distinguished Service Cross, for which he so richly deserved and humbly ac-cepted after never seeking any recognition or glory for his heroic actions. Not only was Sergeant First Class Halcomb a tremendous soldier, he was also an excep-tional representation of the Polk County com-munities that I am honored to represent. Hav-ing the opportunity to meet him and his family is a treasure I will forever hold close to my heart. The depth of appreciation, respect and ad-miration I have for Sergeant First Class Halcomb and his fellow soldiers is immeas-urable. He will be dearly missed. Let us never forget or take for granted the selfless and courageous acts by Sergeant First Class Halcomb and our service members to protect us and our freedoms every single day. May God bless them all, and may God bless the United States of America. HONORING LEE BEALUK HON. THOMAS MacARTHUR 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 Mr. M
ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the leadership and contributions of Lee Bealuk, of the Third Congressional District of New Jersey, specifically all that he has done for the Township of Medford. Lee has served in a leadership capacity with Boy Scout Troop No. 20 of Medford for over 50 years, currently serving as Scoutmaster Emeritus and mentor to scouts who are working towards at-taining the rank of Eagle Scout. Lee has mentored 84 young men from Troop No. 20 who have achieved this rank, the highest within the Boy Scouts of America organization. Lee’s accomplishments with Troop No. 20’s Eagle Scouts are astonishing given that less than 5 percent of youth who participate in Boy Scouts achieve this rank. As a component of the Eagle Scout process, the candidate must develop, coordinate, and im-plement a community service project and with 84 Scouts earning this rank, the Township of Medford as well as many other local facilities, have been the beneficiaries of the projects un-dertaken by the Eagle Scout candidates. Lee serves as the liaison between each Eagle Scout and the entities where the projects are conducted and his diligence in en-suring that all the logistics have been ad-dressed is an excellent example to the Scout, while imparting other Boy Scout ideals includ-ing responsibility, community involvement, and civic duty. Lee’s leadership skills and dedica-tion are an asset to the Boy Scouts of Amer-ica Troop No. 20, his community, his family, and his friends. Mr. Speaker, the people of New Jersey’s Third Congressional District are tremendously honored to have Mr. Lee Bealuk as a selfless and devoted member of their community who has made a tremendous impact on our future generations of leaders. It is my honor to rec-ognize his outstanding achievements and untiring dedication in mentoring the young men and fellow Scoutmasters who participate with Troop No. 20, especially those who com-mit to attaining the rank of Eagle Scout, and thank him for all that he has done, before the United State House of Representatives. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE CAREER OF TOM BEEDE 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, today I stand to recognize Mr. Tom Beede’s illustrious and successful career as President, CFO, and CEO of MetroList Services, Inc. On the occa-sion of his retirement, I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring Mr. Beede and his out-standing career at MetroList. Mr. Beede has served more than thirty-two years with MetroList and more than forty years in the MLS industry. Before his time with MetroList, he was an Account Manager for PRC Realty where he created the first MLS computer system for the Sacramento, El Do-rado, and Placer Associations of Realtors. He was eventually hired by MetroList to help man-age, build, and lead it as the first MLS com-pany in the United States to own and operate its own MLS computer system. In large part due to Mr. Beede’s hard work and visionary leadership, MetroList became an organization with a culture of unparalleled cus-tomer service, subscriber value, and high level data integrity. His success can be attributed to his ability to bring the best products and serv-ices to MetroList’s customers, and to his com-mitment to forming regional relationships and finding new, cost-effective ways to share MLS data. Mr. Speaker, it gives me nothing but pride to stand and honor Mr. Tom Beede today and wish him the best of luck in retirement. I ask all of my colleagues to join me in paying trib-ute to Mr. Beede and his outstanding service to the Sacramento region. f 
RECOGNIZING ELLEN SCHLECHTER, 2017 NFIB YOUNG ENTREPRENEUR OF THE YEAR FINALIST 
HON. KRISTI L. NOEM 
OF SOUTH DAKOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ellen Schlechter, a South Dakotan and recipient of the 2017 National Federation of Independent Business Young Entrepreneur Award. A resident of Orient, South Dakota, Ellen is the founder and owner of the Calving Book App. Being a South Dakota farmer and ranch-er myself, I understand the onerous nature of calving season. Any effort to make this time of year more manageable should be pursued. Ellen’s app makes it simple and convenient to keep, search, and share your operation’s calving records on a phone, tablet, or com-puter. Data on breeding, preg-checking, and weaning can also be recorded. This might just be the next generation of ranch management. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in recognizing a fellow South Dakotan, Ellen Schlechter, for her bold, innovative steps as a young entrepreneur. I can’t wait to see where this app goes next. 
f 
HONORING CHIEF ALONZO MO-RALES, TEXAS’ FIREFIGHTER OF THE YEAR 
HON. FILEMON VELA 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Chief Alonzo Morales, Texas Firefighter of the Year. Chief Morales began working with the Goliad Volunteer Fire Department when he was eighteen years old. He has been with the department for 37 years, serving for the past 27 years as its Fire Chief. In addition to his role with the Volunteer Fire Department, Morales is County Commissioner for Precinct Two, a post he has held since 2010. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26JY8.018 E26JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1059 July 26, 2017 
Morales represented the Guadalupe District at the State Firefighters’ and Fire Marshals’ Association of Texas’ conference in San Marcos earlier this summer. His district nomi-nated him for Texas Firefighter of the Year be-fore the conference, and he was interviewed by a panel of judges which selected him for the award. Chief Morales has had a substantial positive impact on his community, dedicating his life to serving the city of Goliad and its surrounding county, and will undoubtedly continue to do so for years to come. I rise today to congratulate Chief Alonzo Morales for being honored as the Texas Firefighter of the Year. 
f 
CPL. EDWARD LEE BORDERS 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor and tell the story of Army Reserve Corporal Edward Lee Borders, a soldier who gave his life for this country in the Korean War. Cpl. Borders served as a member of D Bat-tery, 82nd Anti-Aircraft Artillery Battalion, 2nd Infantry Division, supporting South Korean Army attacks against units of the Chinese People’s Volunteer Forces (CPVF). On Feb-ruary 11, 1951, the DPAA report shows that the CPVF was able to force the South Kore-ans to withdraw and leave the Support Force 21, which included Borders’ unit, behind at Changbong-ni. Cpl. Borders was reported as missing in ac-tion on February 13, 1951, when he did not report with his unit in Wonju. Three years later, he was declared dead, but his body was never identified. Cpl. Border’s father put up a monument in a Harrisburg, Illinois cemetery with the hope of someday laying his son to rest. For 66 years, the family could not glean any further information, despite consistent inves-tigations from Borders’ father and stepmother. However, recently Army Reserve Cpl. Edward Lee Borders’ body was finally identified from the remains returned to the United States from North Korea between 1990 and 1994. Per his family’s request, his remains are returning home to Illinois. After receiving plane-side honors, Cpl. Borders will be escorted to his final resting place by an honor guard and members of the Patriot Riders. The Borders family will bury Cpl. Borders on July 29 in Harrisburg, Illinois, where he will re-ceive a service with full military honors. Fi-nally, the Borders family will be able to honor Army Reserve Cpl. Edward Lee Borders by laying him to rest at the monument placed in his name, thereby fulfilling the 66-year-old wish of a father to bury his son. I am proud to acknowledge the Borders family for their love for our country and their family, and I thank Cpl. Edward Lee Borders for his service and his sacrifice. RECOGNIZING MS. MAY LIANG MUI AND MR. BAITON YAN HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize Ms. May Liang Mui and Mr. Baitong Yan on their upcoming 2017 ‘‘No- Boundaries’’ International Art Exhibition. A non-profit exhibition held annually, ‘‘No- Boundaries’’ harnesses the power of art and art education to promote social responsibility among students who hail from all corners of the globe. During this event, students have the opportunity to work alongside professional art-ists and cultivate a project that fuses art, cul-ture and global human rights. Held at the United Nations (UN) in New York City, UN officials will present awards to outstanding young art students. Taken to prove that art truly has no boundaries, stu-dents of all different backgrounds will gather to traverse cultural barriers and express them-selves through art. I applaud all those involved in organizing such a rich cultural event right in the center of New York City. I extend my best wishes for a successful and inspiring exhibition. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF MR. RYSZARD ‘‘RICHARD’’ LABA 
HON. JAMES P. McGOVERN 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Ryszard ‘‘Richard’’ Laba, a long-time resident of Northbridge, Massachusetts who served as a United States Army Military Policeman in Vietnam. Mr. Laba was born in Poland and moved to the United States at 16 to live with his brother in Worcester, Massachusetts. At 21, he was drafted into the Army and served honorably in Vietnam between 1967 and 1969. Wounded in combat and exposed to the dangerous chem-ical Agent Orange, Mr. Laba returned home to Massachusetts. Back home, Mr. Laba was a hard worker and a family man who loved his community. He served as an assistant foreman at the Worcester Gear Company for 39 years, retir-ing in 2003. He passed away on September 10, 2012 at the age of 66. He is survived by his wife Margaret, who has worked tirelessly to raise awareness about Vietnam veterans, like her husband, who have experienced the debilitating effects of Agent Orange. Mr. Laba may not have been born an Amer-ican, but he was so proud of his adopted country. His selflessness is an example for all who aspire to public service. Mr. Speaker, while we cannot change the past, we can make every effort to express our most sincere gratitude to all Vietnam veterans and their families that are with us today. On behalf of the people of Massachusetts, please join me in extending my deepest thanks to Richard Laba for his courageous service to our country. It is imperative that we continue to remind future generations of the character and integrity of those who served during the Vietnam War. I know my House colleagues will join me in remembering Rich-ard, along with all those who served with him in Vietnam. f 
INTRODUCING THE INTERSTATE TEACHING MOBILITY ACT 
HON. ANDRE´CARSON 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to re-introduce the bipartisan Interstate Teaching Mobility Act. This broadly supported and bipartisan proposal would authorize the Secretary of Education to work with an outside entity to create a voluntary, interstate teacher licensing program that would allow eligible teachers to transfer their licenses between states. Our country’s systems of teacher licensure create problems for teachers, students, and schools alike. Licensing and certification re-quirements for teachers are inconsistent from state to state, and even within states, with hundreds of licensure tests in use and other requirements varying substantially. The level of rigor is also highly variable—with the bar far too low in many cases. As a result of these differences, the majority of states do not ac-cept out-of-state teaching credentials. For teachers, this poses clear obstacles. A teacher licensed in one state who wishes to teach in another may have to complete addi-tional requirements, such as exams or coursework, or pay additional fees, even if he has already completed an approved credentialing program or has a strong teaching record. As our nation’s workforce becomes in-creasingly mobile, these requirements dramati-cally decrease the mobility of our nation’s teaching workforce. For military spouses, who frequently relocate—among whom teaching is the second most common profession—or out- of-state college graduates wishing to teach in their home state, this problem is particularly acute. These roadblocks likely deter many prospective teachers from entering this vital profession. The system also presents a real problem for school districts, as schools across the country face a growing teacher shortage. Across the board, teacher education enrollment dropped 35 percent from 2009 to 2014; however, the types of shortages vary across states. Limited licensure policies make it even more difficult for school administrators to fill teaching posi-tions—and for students, the consequence re-sults in less access to high-quality teachers. The Interstate Teaching Mobility Act would direct the Department of Education to create a new, voluntary program for states to partici-pate in an interstate teaching application proc-ess. Teachers licensed or certified in one par-ticipating state would be eligible to teach in another. A participating state would be re-quired to adhere to standards of content knowledge, pedagogical assessment, and per-formance assessment identified as sufficiently rigorous by an outside organization. This would ensure high standards for our teachers, while maintaining the essential role of the states in setting specific requirements for teaching in the state or obtaining licenses in the state. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26JY8.022 E26JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1060 July 26, 2017 
With programs like the one envisioned by this bill, teachers could far more easily transfer their skills to another participating state. Teachers would benefit from the ability to more easily relocate, while schools and dis-tricts would have superior options for filling teacher shortages. Above all, students will benefit from rigorous standards set by their home state and will have increased access to high-quality teachers. I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting the Interstate Teaching Mobility Act. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF ROMEO LOMAS 
HON. FILEMON VELA 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Romeo Lomas for his dedicated service to his fellow Texans. Romeo Lomas served as the longest tenured County Commissioner in Kleberg County. He was adored by the people in his precinct, who convinced him to run for office in 1979 after a career as a barber and an en-listment in the U.S. Army. For 38 years, Mr. Lomas played an integral role in the develop-ment of his community by championing causes for the poor and elderly. Lomas was a staunch proponent of voting rights and encour-aged citizens to participate in the electoral process. He was a strong advocate of equal opportunities for workers in Kleberg County and supported wage raises. While Mr. Lomas accomplished much in life, one of his greatest achievements during his time in office was the establishment of the Kleberg County Human Services Department which continues to pro-vide hot meals and public transportation for disabled and elderly citizens in the area today. Romeo Lomas was born on September 3, 1937 to Santiago and Estella Lomas in Kingsville, TX. He was married to Doris Lee Lomas, who lost her battle with cancer in July, 2014. He is survived by his daughter, Crystal Runyon, one granddaughter, Luna Lee Run-yon, and a sister, Hilda Garcia. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today to honor Romeo Lomas for his lifetime of service to our community. I considered him a friend and a role model, and his loss will be felt for a long time to come. 
f 
HONORING DELILAH RUMBURG ON HER RETIREMENT AFTER 23 YEARS OF SERVICE AS CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF THE PENNSYLVANIA COALITION AGAINST RAPE 
HON. SCOTT PERRY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, today I offer my sincere congratulations to my constituent, Deli-lah Rumburg, on her upcoming retirement after more than 23 years of service as Chief Executive Officer of the Pennsylvania Coalition Against Rape (PCAR). Delilah began her service to our community in 1981, at ACCESS York, a domestic vio-lence shelter in the 4th Congressional District. In her own words, she knew she found her life’s work and later joined PCAR as its CEO in 1995. Since then, she has lead PCAR’s tre-mendous growth and outreach to communities in Pennsylvania and throughout the Nation. Delilah served on the Pennsylvania Task Force for Child Protection, as the Civilian Dep-uty Co-Chair of the Department of Defense Task Force on Sexual Assault in the Military Services, and as Co-Chair of the U.S. Depart-ment of Defense Task Force on Sexual Har-assment and Violence at the Military Service Academies. Delilah’s tireless dedication, professionalism and passion towards ending sexual violence has touched the lives of countless people and challenged all with whom she served to be the best. Her legacy of service to our community and Nation truly is admirable. On behalf of Pennsylvania’s Fourth Con-gressional District, I commend and congratu-late Delilah Rumburg on her tireless service, and wish her and her family continued great success in their future adventures. f 
MARKING THE TWENTY-SEVENTH ANNIVERSARY OF THE AMERI-CANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT 
HON. STENY H. HOYER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I join in cele-brating the twenty-seventh anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), legisla-tion I was proud to introduce and shepherd to passage with bipartisan support. Few laws have had as broad an impact as the ADA, which reshaped the very landscape of America for people with differing abilities, lit-erally opening doors and, with them, opportu-nities. It has enabled millions to live with greater independence and dignity, and it con-tinues to inspire other nations to adopt their own laws guaranteeing equal access and equal opportunity for all. I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues in both parties to build on the ADA’s successes and ensure that the promise of America can be kept in full for those with disabilities. 
f 
IN HONOR OF NEW YORK STATE ASSEMBLYWOMAN NETTIE MAYERSOHN’S BABY AIDS BILL 
HON. GRACE MENG 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 Ms. MENG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of former New York State Assemblywoman Nettie Mayersohn, and her landmark law, commonly known as the ‘‘Baby AIDS’’ bill, that was enacted in New York State On June 26, 1996. The Baby AIDS bill requires mandatory testing of infants for the Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) and HIV antibodies, and authorizes disclosing the re-sults to infants’ doctors and guardians. Before the Baby AIDS bill became law, in-fants born in New York State were tested for the HIV antibody through studies that the New York State Department of Health initiated in 1987. But confidentiality laws at the time re-quired these tests to be anonymous. There-fore, the guardians and doctors of the infants who tested positive were kept in the dark about the results. This caused nearly sixty percent of the 1,500–1,800 infants who tested positive per year to be sent home without di-agnosis or treatment. As a mother myself, I cannot imagine the horror of being legally barred from knowing the health status of my child. That is why I am proud to recognize Assemblywoman Mayersohn for her relentless efforts on the behalf of New York families. When Assemblywoman Mayersohn was in-formed that existing New York State law was preventing babies with HIV from being treated, she immediately took action by introducing the Baby AIDS bill in the New York State Assem-bly in 1993. As lawmakers, we all know that bills can go through multiple versions and can face criticism from the community. The Baby AIDS bill was no different. Assemblywoman Mayersohn worked tirelessly to show opposi-tion groups that the Baby AIDS bill would allow infants to receive the treatment that they desperately needed and their guardians and doctors to be informed about their condition. As Assemblywoman Mayersohn said, ‘‘I went to bed with it, and I woke up with it.’’ Assemblywoman Mayersohn’s efforts paid off, and it is no wonder that Assemblywoman Mayersohn’s colleagues gave her a standing ovation after the final version of the Baby AIDS bill passed in the assembly in 1996. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to say that due to Assemblywoman Mayersohn’s hard work, every infant in New York State is legally re-quired to be tested for HIV and require hos-pitals to inform the infant’s parent or guardian of the results. Statistics gathered soon after the law was enacted showed a 98.8 percent success rate in the number of HIV infants identified and connected to treatment. Accord-ing to the New York State Health Department, from 1998 to 2013, Assemblywoman Mayersohn’s Baby Aids law saved an esti-mated 900 infants from a lifetime of HIV. I am truly honored to recognize Assemblywoman Mayersohn, fondly known as ‘‘Nettie’’, and her law that truly improved the quality of life for so many New Yorkers. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE CAREER OF STEVE HAMMOND 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Steve Hammond on the occa-sion of his retirement as CEO of Visit Sac-ramento, the City of Sacramento’s innovative tourism bureau. I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring Mr. Hammond for his leader-ship and commitment in the community to pro-moting Sacramento and refining its image as a tourist destination. Since being appointed to the position of CEO in 1999, Mr Hammond has overseen a hugely successful campaign to re-brand Sac-ramento as a major attraction to visitors. He has encouraged businesses to hold events and conventions in Sacramento, capitalized on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26JY8.026 E26JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1061 July 26, 2017 
the city’s sports and entertainment opportuni-ties, and spearheaded an inventive campaign to brand Sacramento as America’s Farm-to- Fork Capital. By taking advantage of Sac-ramento’s unique location in the heart of Cali-fornia’s Central Valley, Mr. Hammond launched a movement that has revitalized Sacramento’s restaurant scene and boosted business for local hotels and farmers. In great part due to Mr. Hammond’s dedica-tion to his agency, Visit Sacramento’s budget has grown from $2 million to $11 million, and its staff has more than doubled. In addition, Mr. Hammond is an extraordinarily active member of the community: He sits on the Boards of the Sacramento Downtown Partner-ship, the Sacramento Metropolitan Chamber of Commerce, the Sacramento Regional Sports and Education Foundation, and the Sac-ramento Hotel Association. Mr. Speaker, I stand to pay tribute to Steve Hammond, outgoing CEO of Visit Sacramento, as his friends and colleagues celebrate his well-earned retirement. I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring his tenacity and dedica-tion on behalf of the people of Sacramento, as well as his creativity in building up my beloved hometown as a destination for business, food, and culture. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CHRISTOPHER WILLIAMSON 
HON. JAMES E. CLYBURN 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Christopher Williamson, a dedi-cated individual who devotes his life to pro-tecting and defending the communities of South Carolina. Mr. Williamson has recently been appointed as the South Carolina High-way Patrol’s first African American com-mander. From the time he joined in 1988, Williamson has led a rewarding career within the South Carolina Highway Patrol. Williamson is a na-tive of Darlington, South Carolina and was born into a family whose values were founded on hard work, personal integrity and commu-nity service. He graduated from Fayetteville State University in 1985 with a Bachelor’s De-gree in Political Science and a minor in Police Science. Soon after college, Williamson began his career within the law enforcement realm as a Correctional Officer with the South Carolina Department of Corrections. In 1986, Williamson accepted a position with the Darlington County Sheriff’s Department as a Deputy and within two years, he joined the South Carolina Highway Patrol. His service on the Highway Patrol showed his great dedica-tion, leadership, and dedication. He rose through the leadership ranks by eventually be-coming Lieutenant Colonel in 2011 and last month, he was appointed the Commander of the South Carolina Highway patrol. As Com-mander, he is responsible for overseeing all Patrol operations statewide. Mr. Williamson’s service to his community is not limited to his position as Commander. In 2014 he received a master’s degree in Clinical and Behavioral Counseling. He has served as a Youth Advocate Counselor in Berkley Coun-ty, a Camp Counselor, and even founded his own non-profit organization that provides men-toring and life skill services for youth. He works hard to prepare youth within his county to become productive members of society. He is a fellow member of Omega Psi Phi Frater-nity Inc., and he represents our fraternity by providing service to the world around him. Mr. Williamson’s career has taken him across the state of South Carolina and he has touched many lives. His humble upbringing and genuine qualities have enabled him to ef-fectively serve his community. Throughout his career, he was actively involved in community service and has received numerous honors and awards for these efforts. He has made history by being appointed to this position and I am proud to call him a fraternity brother and personal friend. Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my colleagues to join me in recognizing this barrier-breaking public servant, and to wish him Godspeed and continued success. Col. Christopher Williamson is a pioneer and an innovator in the law-enforcement arena and has earned the respect of the great state of South Caro-lina. f 
CELEBRATING THE 75TH ANNIVER-SARY OF NAS-KINGSVILLE 
HON. FILEMON VELA 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Naval Air Station (NAS) Kingsville as it marks 75 years of service to the U.S. Navy and our nation. Located in Kingsville, Texas, the Naval Air Station was opened on July 4, 1942. Inspired by the establishment of the nearby Naval Air Station in Corpus Christi, a group of Kingsville civic leaders approached Navy officials at NAS Corpus Christi about creating a military airfield in February, 1941. While they did not receive official permission at that time, NAS Corpus Christi’s commanding officer, Captain Alva D. Bernhard, expressed enthusiasm about the idea. After the December 7, 1941 Japanese at-tack on Pearl Harbor, Captain Bernhard pre-dicted a military build-up including the influx of new trainees which would exceed the capacity of NAS-Corpus Christi, and plans to construct a new airfield in Kingsville began. The airfield was quickly built on 3,000 acres of land bought from the B.O. Sims family. Dur-ing World War II, the airfield, designated as ‘‘P–4,’’ housed four squadrons. The squadrons taught gunnery skills for combat air crews, in addition to fighter and bomber tactics. After the war, the base was given to the City of Kingsville, which leased it to the Texas Col-lege of Arts and Industries. It was primarily used by the Department of Agriculture and ex-panded under the college’s ownership. The base was reactivated as a military in-stallation in April, 1951, as an auxiliary air sta-tion, and trained roughly 300 aviators a year during the mid-1960s. In 1967, Congress ap-proved $3.8 million in funding for NAS- Kingsville, allowing it to improve operation and maintenance facilities, as well as troop hous-ing. The base was re-designated as a naval air station on August 9, 1968. In 1990, it be-came the headquarters for Training Air Wing Two, a mission that continues today. Training Air Wing Two includes Training Squadron Twenty One and Training Squadron Twenty Two. Around 150 students report to Training Air Wing Two annually for Under-graduate Jet Pilot Training. The Naval Air Sta-tion at Kingsville currently occupies 23,000 acres of land, spread across four sites, and employs around 1,350 people, in addition to training 50 percent of Navy and Marine Corps tactical jet pilots every year. Its economic im-pact on the surrounding community is also sig-nificant, as it provides roughly $110 million dollars to the local area. This economic impact is matched by the installation’s community out-reach program, which includes school mentorship assistance and community self- help program assistance. NAS-Kingsville has a long history of sup-porting both the local community and the country, and will continue to do so for years to come. I rise today to congratulate them on 75 successful years. f 
HONORING THE CHRISTIAN RECORDER 
HON. JIM COOPER 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 Mr. COOPER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 165th Anniversary of The Christian Recorder. As the oldest periodical continually published by African-Americans in the United States, The Christian Recorder is the heart of the African Methodist Episcopal Church. Originally founded in 1848 as The Christian Herald, the publication has been a leading voice for African-Americans ever since. It relo-cated to Nashville in 1852 with a new name, The Christian Recorder. Twenty-one editors have led The Christian Recorder including John Thomas III, the current leader and the first layperson to serve in this prestigious role. The Christian Recorder is a reputable news service for religious news. It serves as the voice of two million members of the AME Church in thirty-nine countries around the world. Its reach extends far beyond the Sunday School Union in Nashville where it is headquartered. From offering guidance to slaves during the Civil War to the battle for voting rights and fighting segregation, The Christian Recorder has been a pioneer for Civil Rights and equality for African-Ameri-cans. I am proud to salute The Christian Recorder for its courageous efforts and its more than 165 years of service to the community. 
f 
HONORING NASHVILLE PUBLIC LI-BRARY IN NASHVILLE, TEN-NESSEE 
HON. JIM COOPER 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 Mr. COOPER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Nashville Public Library as the 2017 Li-brary of the Year. This national honor, award-ed by Library Journal and Gale Cengage Learning, recognizes public libraries for their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26JY8.031 E26JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1062 July 26, 2017 
commitment to excellence, innovative pro-grams and services, and dedication to the community. Nashville Public Library is awesome, and unlike any other in America. It is also the loca-tion of my district office, perhaps the only con-gressional office in America located in a public library. The Library partnered with Metro Nashville Public Schools to create the Limitless Libraries initiative, which allows students and teachers to order and borrow books, movies, laptops, iPads, and more. The Limitless Libraries pro-gram is a national model for getting library materials into students’ hands every day, and this partnership has also helped turn several school libraries into exciting, interactive hubs for students. Nashville Public Library reaches students outside the classroom, too. Teenagers can work with professional men-tors to create art or new inventions, work with robotics, and produce music and podcasts through the Library’s unique Studio NPL pro-gram. The Library also engages children though its Bringing Books to Life! program, putting on productions at the Library’s Chil-dren’s Theater, and its well-known Puppet Truck. Puppeteers perform 20 shows a week at the theater, but also use the Puppet Truck to reach children and adults throughout David-son County. Most importantly is Nashville Public Library’s Civil Rights Room. This chronicles Nashville’s place in the Civil Rights movement, telling the stories of the heroes who fought against seg-regation and for equal rights. Last year the Li-brary and the Nashville Public Library Founda-tion named our friend and colleague J
OHN L
EWIS their Literary Award Honoree. Con-gressman L
EWIS’ book, March, was also this year’s selection in Nashville Reads, the Li-brary’s city-wide reading campaign, where ev-eryone is invited to read a book and discuss it at libraries in the community. Mr. Speaker, the writer and poet Jorge Luis Borges said, ‘‘I have always imagined that Paradise will be a kind of library.’’ I agree. Nashville Public Library is more than books inside a beautiful building. It is even more than Paradise. It is the heart of our community. 
f 
RECOGNIZING BLACK WOMEN’S EQUAL PAY DAY 
HON. JOYCE BEATTY 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, Monday, July 31, 2017 marks Black Women’s Equal Pay Day, which observes the amount of time it takes the average Black woman to earn the same pay that the average White man earns in one calendar year. In other words, Black women have to work all of 2016 and up to July 31, 2017 to earn what their white male counterparts made in 2016. This is shameful, and it is time for Congress to act to eradicate pay inequities once and for all. Black women earn 60 percent of what their white male counterparts do, which is why it takes approximately eight additional months for them to reach pay parity with white men. The unfortunate reality of this wage gap is that this reality sets up Black women to fail. The 40 cents they fail to earn accumulates and limits them from fully participating in the U.S. economy. This money could be used to help pay down student loan debt, buy their first home, or purchase a car. It could help them pay for quality child care, start a business, or help care for elderly family members. But earning 40 percent less does not just af-fect Black women’s current economic situa-tion, it also affects their ability to plan for their future. Being underpaid for equal work contrib-utes to a wealth gap, retirement gap, and in-heritance gap, which hinders upward mobility for future generations. According to the Pew Research Center, 54 percent of Black children live with a single parent, and Black families have 13 times less wealth than white families. A lack of wealth and savings means Black families have less to pass down to their chil-dren. If Congress fails to act to ensure wage equality, then all women will lag behind in pay equity until 2059. This is unacceptable. Years of progress has resulted in Black women working across all fields and reaching high levels of academic achievement and it is time for these advancements to result in equal pay for equal work. I call on Republican Leader-ship to bring to the House floor, the Paycheck Fairness Act, H.R. 1869, and the Raise the Wage Act, H.R. 15. As a proud cosponsor of both of these two pieces of legislation, I urge immediate consideration of these bills so that pay equity can be achieved once and for all. f 
RECOGNIZING MS. KATHERINE B. WHITMAN 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 26, 2017 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, I am grateful to Ms. Katherine B. Whitman for her dedicated service as a detailee to the House Armed Services Committee over the past six months. Katie is completing her Cap-itol Hill detail next month, and it is my hope that she has benefited as much from this ex-perience as have we from her service on the subcommittee staff. Katie joined the committee during a year when the Department of De-fense is struggling to recover from years of readiness account shortfalls. Katie’s experi-ence as a former surface warfare officer in the U.S. Navy along with her expertise as a budg-et analyst within the Office of Management and Budget proved critical in our successful effort to markup and adopt one of the broad-est reaching National Defense Authorization Acts in recent memory. Her analytical prowess and tenacious appetite for data enabled an historic increase in fiscal year 2018 NDAA au-thorization of additional resourcing for the De-partment’s facility readiness accounts by over 2 billion dollars. I am grateful to Katie for enduring many late nights at work. Her ‘‘can-do’’ attitude and tire-less work ethic have been infectious. Her will-ingness to tackle new issues, and to embrace the goals I have set for the staff, were truly commendable. I have no doubt that as Katie continues her career she will achieve great things for the Office of Management and Budget, the Department of Defense, and her country. I appreciate her dedicated staff work and wish her the best in all her future endeav-ors. f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, July 27, 2017 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
AUGUST 1 10 a.m. Committee on Environment and Public Works Subcommittee on Superfund, Waste Man-agement, and Regulatory Oversight To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Environmental Protection Agen-cy’s Superfund program. SD–406 Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine America’s affordable housing crisis, focusing on challenges and solutions. SD–215 2:30 p.m. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Lance Allen Robertson, of Oklahoma, to be Assistant Secretary for Aging, Brett Giroir, of Texas, and Robert P. Kadlec, of New York, both to be a Medical Director in the Regular Corps of the Public Health Service, and to be Assistant Secretary for Prepared-ness and Response, and Elinore F. McCance-Katz, of Rhode Island, to be Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use, all of the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, and Jerome M. Adams, of Indiana, to be Medical Director in the Regular Corps of the Public Health Service, and to be Surgeon General of the Public Health Service. SD–430 AUGUST 2 Time to be announced Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship Business meeting to consider S. 154, to amend the Small Business Act to en-sure small businesses affected by the onset of transmissible diseases are eli-gible for disaster relief, S. 650, to amend the Small Business Act to ex-pand tax credit education and training 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY8.035 E26JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1063 July 26, 2017 
for small businesses that engage in re-search and development, S. 690, to ex-tend the eligibility of redesignated areas as HUBZones from 3 years to 7 years, S. 929, to improve the HUBZone program, S. 1038, to require the Admin-istrator of the Small Business Admin-istration to submit to Congress a re-port on the utilization of small busi-nesses with respect to certain Federal contracts, and S. 1428, to amend section 21 of the Small Business Act to require cyber certification for small business development center counselors. TBA 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Business meeting to consider pending calendar business. SH–216 Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources Subcommittee on Water and Power To hold hearings to examine increasing water security and drought prepared-ness through infrastructure, manage-ment, and innovation. SD–366 Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine the Federal Bureau of Investigation headquarters consolidation project. SD–406 2 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To receive a closed briefing on the Au-thorizations for the Use of Military Force, focusing on Administration per-spectives. SVC–217 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M26JY8.000 E26JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with REMARKS
D837 Wednesday, July 26, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S4227–S4348 Measures Introduced: Nine bills and two resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 1632–1640, and S. Res. 232–233.
                                         Pages S4299–S4300 
Measures Considered: American Health Care Act—Agreement: Senate continued consideration of H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017, taking action on the following amendments and motions proposed thereto:
                                               Pages S4227–97 
Rejected: By 45 yeas to 55 nays (Vote No. 169), Enzi (for Paul) Amendment No. 271 (to Amendment No. 267), of a perfecting nature.
                        Pages S4227–52 
By 48 yeas to 52 nays (Vote No. 170), Donnelly motion to commit the bill to the Committee on Fi-nance with instructions.
                          Pages S4227, S4252 
By 48 yeas to 51 nays (Vote No. 171), Casey mo-tion to commit the bill to the Committee on Fi-nance with instructions to report back with instruc-tions.
                                                           Pages S4252–59, S4262 
Pending: McConnell Amendment No. 267, of a perfecting nature.
                                                                             Page S4227 
McConnell (for Daines) Modified Amendment No. 340 (to Amendment No. 267), to provide for com-prehensive health insurance coverage for all United States residents, improved healthcare delivery. 
                                                                                            Page S4263 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 10 yeas to 90 nays (Vote No. 172), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to waive all applicable sections of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and applicable budget resolu-tions, with respect to Enzi (for Heller) Amendment No. 288 (to Amendment No, 267), to express the sense of the Senate that Medicaid expansion is a pri-ority and that Obamacare must be improved. Subse-quently, the point of order that the amendment was in violation of section 313(b)(1)(A) of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974, was sustained, and the amendment thus fell.                                         Page S4256–63 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 10 a.m., on Thursday, July 27, 2017, with the time until 2:15 p.m. equally divided be-tween the two Leaders, or their designees; and that at 2:15 p.m., Senate vote on or in relation to McConnell (for Daines) Modified Amendment No. 340 (to Amendment No. 267) (listed above). 
                                                                                            Page S4348 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S4299 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S4299 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S4300–01 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S4301–10 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S4298–99 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S4301–47 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S4229 
Privileges of the Floor:                                Pages S4347–48 
Record Votes: Four record votes were taken today. (Total—172)
                                           Pages S4252, S4262–63 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and adjourned at 7:57 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Thursday, July 27, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S4348.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
APPROPRIATIONS: DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Finan-cial Services and General Government concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of the Treasury, after receiving testimony from Ste-ven T. Mnuchin, Secretary, John Koskinen, Commis-sioner, Internal Revenue Service, and J. Russell 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:06 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26JY7.REC D26JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD838 July 26, 2017 
George, Inspector General, Treasury Inspector Gen-eral for Tax Administration, all of the Department of the Treasury. NOMINATIONS Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Karen Dunn Kelley, of Pennsylvania, to be Under Secretary for Economic Affairs, and Peter B. Davidson, of Virginia, to be General Coun-sel, both of the Department of Commerce, and Mark H. Buzby, of Virginia, to be Administrator of the Maritime Administration, and Ronald L. Batory, of New Jersey, to be Administrator of the Federal Rail-road Administration, both of the Department of Transportation, after the nominees testified and an-swered questions in their own behalf. PUBLIC LANDS LEGISLATION Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Sub-committee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining concluded a hearing to examine S. 32, to provide for conservation, enhanced recreation opportunities, and development of renewable energy in the California Desert Conservation Area, S. 90, to survey the gra-dient boundary along the Red River in the States of Oklahoma and Texas, S. 357, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain public lands in San Bernardino County, California, to the San Bernardino Valley Water Conservation District, and to accept in return certain exchanged non-public lands, S. 436, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to retire coal preference right lease applications for which the Sec-retary has made an affirmative commercial quantities determination, to substitute certain land selections of the Navajo Nation, to designate certain wilderness areas, S. 467, to provide for the disposal of certain Bureau of Land Management land in Mohave Coun-ty, Arizona, S. 468, to establish a procedure for re-solving claims to certain rights-of-way, S. 614, to re-quire the Secretary of the Interior to establish a pilot program for commercial recreation concessions on certain land managed by the Bureau of Land Man-agement, S. 785, to amend the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act to provide for equitable allotment of land to Alaska Native veterans, S. 837, to provide for the conveyance of certain land to Washington County, Utah, to authorize the exchange of Federal land and non-Federal land in the State of Utah, S. 884, to amend the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993 to require the Bureau of Land Manage-ment to provide a claimant of a small miner waiver from claim maintenance fees with a period of 60 days after written receipt of 1 or more defects is pro-vided to the claimant by registered mail to cure the 1 or more defects or pay the claim maintenance fee, S. 941, to withdraw certain National Forest System land in the Emigrant Crevice area located in the Custer Gallatin National Forest, Park County, Mon-tana, from the mining and mineral leasing laws of the United States, S. 1149, to amend the Alaska Na-tive Claims Settlement Act to repeal a provision lim-iting the export of timber harvested from land con-veyed to the Kake Tribal Corporation under that Act, S. 1230, to prohibit the conditioning of any permit, lease, or other use agreement on the transfer of any water right to the United States by the Secre-taries of the Interior and Agriculture, S. 1271, to designate certain mountain peaks in the State of Col-orado as ‘‘Fowler Peak’’ and ‘‘Boskoff Peak’’, and S. 1548, to designate certain land administered by the Bureau of Land Management and the Forest Service in the State of Oregon as wilderness and national recreation areas and to make additional wild and sce-nic river designations in the State of Oregon, after receiving testimony from Senators Hatch and Tester; Glenn Casamassa, Associate Deputy Chief, National Forest System, Forest Service, Department of Agri-culture; and John Ruhs, Acting Deputy Director for Operations, Bureau of Land Management, Depart-ment of the Interior. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-mittee ordered favorably reported S. 1514, to amend certain Acts to reauthorize those Acts and to increase protections for wildlife, with amendments. SOUTH SUDAN Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on Afri-ca and Global Health Policy concluded a hearing to examine South Sudan’s conflict and famine, after re-ceiving testimony from Joshua Meservey, The Herit-age Foundation, and Payton Knopf, and Aly Verjee, both of the United States Institute of Peace, all of Washington, D.C. NOMINATIONS Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Michael Ar-thur Raynor, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia, Maria E. Brewer, of Indiana, to be Ambassador to the Repub-lic of Sierra Leone, and John P. Desrocher, of New York, to be Ambassador to the People’s Democratic Republic of Algeria, all of the Department of State, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee ordered favorably reported the fol-lowing business items: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:06 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26JY7.REC D26JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D839 July 26, 2017 
S. 1584, to amend the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 to reauthorize the Judicial Conference of the United States to redact sensitive information con-tained in financial disclosure reports of judicial offi-cers and employees; S. 873, to amend section 8433 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for flexibility in making withdrawals from the Thrift Savings Fund; S. 886, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish an Acquisition Review Board in the Department of Homeland Security; S. 906, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to provide for congressional notification re-garding major acquisition program breaches, with an amendment; S. 1199, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to reauthorize the Border Enforcement Security Task Force program within the Department of Homeland Security, with amendments; S. 938, to require notice of cost-free Federal pro-curement technical assistance in connection with reg-istration of small business concerns in procurement systems; S. 1208, to direct the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity to provide for an option under the Secure Mail Initiative under which a person to whom a doc-ument is sent under that initiative may elect to have the United States Postal Service use the Hold for Pickup service or the Signature Confirmation service in delivering the document; S. Con. Res. 15, expressing support for the des-ignation of October 28, 2017, as ‘‘Honoring the Na-tion’s First Responders Day’’; H.R. 1293, to amend title 5, United States Code, to require that the Office of Personnel Management submit an annual report to Congress relating to the use of official time by Federal employees; H.R. 1117, to require the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to submit a report regarding certain plans regarding assistance to applicants and grantees during the response to an emergency or disaster; H.R. 1679, to ensure that the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s current efforts to modernize its grant management system includes applicant ac-cessibility and transparency; H.R. 195, to amend title 44, United States Code, to restrict the distribution of free printed copies of the Federal Register to Members of Congress and other officers and employees of the United States; and H.R. 194, to ensure the effective processing of mail by Federal agencies, and an original bill to amend the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 to re-authorize the Judicial Conference of the United States to redact sensitive information contained in fi-nancial disclosure reports of judicial officers and em-ployees. ATTEMPTS TO INFLUENCE U.S. ELECTIONS Committee on the Judiciary: Committee held an over-sight hearing to examine the Foreign Agents Reg-istration Act and attempts to influence United States elections, focusing on lessons learned from current and prior Administrations, after receiving testimony from Adam S. Hickey, Deputy Assistant Attorney General, Bill Priestap, Assistant Director, Counter-intelligence Division, Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion, and Michael E. Horowitz, Inspector General, Office of the Inspector General, all of the Depart-ment of Justice. Hearings recessed subject to the call and will meet again on Thursday, July 27, 2017. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Committee ordered fa-vorably reported S. 1598, to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs. TYPE I DIABETES Special Committee on Aging: Committee concluded a hearing to examine progress toward a cure for Type I Diabetes, focusing on research and the artificial pancreas, after receiving testimony from Griffin P. Rodgers, Director, National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases, National Insti-tutes of Health, Department of Health and Human Services; Angie and Jonathan Platt, Encino, Cali-fornia, Charlie Albair, Gray, Maine, and Lorynn Watt, Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania, all of the JDRF 2017 Children’s Congress; and Paul Sparks, New York, New York. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:06 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26JY7.REC D26JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD840 July 26, 2017 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 42 pub-lic bills, H.R. 3399–3440; and 3 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 73; and H. Res. 476–477, were intro-duced.
                                                                      Pages H6464–66 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H6467–68 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 2937, to amend the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to authorize partner-ships between States and nongovernmental entities for the purpose of reclaiming and restoring land and water resources adversely affected by coal mining ac-tivities before August 3, 1977, and for other pur-poses (H. Rept. 115–260); and H. Res. 478, providing for further consideration of the bill (H.R. 3219) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules (H. Rept. 115–261).
                            Page H6464 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Coffman to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H6301 
Recess: The House recessed at 11:19 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H6309 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Reverend William D. Johnson, Jr., Harbour Lake Baptist Church, Goose Creek, South Carolina.
                                                                 Pages H6309–10 
Unanimous Consent Agreement: Agreed by unan-imous consent that the instructions in each of amendments numbered 60, 61, and 66 printed in House Report 115–259 be modified by striking ‘‘the division’’ and inserting ‘‘division D’’.
     Pages H6326–27 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Securely Expediting Clearances Through Report-ing Transparency Act of 2017: H.R. 3210, amend-ed, to require the Director of the National Back-ground Investigations Bureau to submit a report on the backlog of personnel security clearance investiga-tions;
                                                                        Pages H6327–28 
Escambia County Land Conveyance Act: H.R. 2370, to authorize Escambia County, Florida, to con-vey certain property that was formerly part of Santa Rosa Island National Monument and that was con-veyed to Escambia County subject to restrictions on use and reconveyance;
                                      Pages H6328–30 African American Civil Rights Network Act of 2017: H.R. 1927, amended, to amend title 54, United States Code, to establish within the National Park Service the African American Civil Rights Net-work; and
                                                               Pages H6330–31 
Calling for the unconditional release of United States citizens and legal permanent resident aliens being held for political purposes by the Govern-ment of Iran: H. Res. 317, amended, calling for the unconditional release of United States citizens and legal permanent resident aliens being held for polit-ical purposes by the Government of Iran. 
                                                                                    Pages H6331–35 
Unanimous Consent Agreement: Agreed by unan-imous consent that during further consideration of H.R. 3219, pursuant to House Resolution 473, amendments numbered 32 and 35 printed in House Report 115–259 may be offered out of sequence. 
                                                                                            Page H6428 
Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2018: The House began consideration of H.R. 3219, making appropriations for the Department of De-fense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018. Consideration is expected to resume tomorrow, July 27th.
                              Pages H6335–6428, H6428–37, H6437–62 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–30 shall be considered as adopted in the House and in the Committee of the Whole. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as the original bill for the purpose of further amend-ment under the five-minute rule and shall be consid-ered as read.
                                                                 Page H6371 
Agreed to: Love amendment (No. 2 printed in H. Rept. 115–259) that expands the permissible uses of MRA funds that have been designated for Member security to include residential security systems that do not constitute structural improvements to Members’ homes;
                                                                     Pages H6409–10 
Kildee amendment (No. 3 printed in H. Rept. 115–259) that increases the House Wounded War-rior Program by $250,000; this program provides wounded veterans with employment opportunities with the House of Representatives;
          Pages H6410–11 
Cicilline amendment (No. 6 printed in H. Rept. 115–259) that increases funds in order to provide designated baby changing stations for members of the public who visit publicly accessible buildings controlled by the Architect of the Capitol, including in both male and female publicly accessible bath-rooms;
                                                                              Page H6415 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:06 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26JY7.REC D26JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D841 July 26, 2017 
Russell amendment (No. 9 printed in H. Rept. 115–259) that prohibits the printed distribution of the Federal Register to House offices, unless an office requests a printed copy;
                                 Pages H6417–18 
Dent en bloc amendment No. 1 consisting of the following amendments printed in H. Rept. 115–259: Barr (No. 12) that transfers $5 million from the Department of Veterans Affairs General Administration account to the VA’s Equine Assisted Therapy Grant Program; Kilhuen (No. 14) that cuts and restores funding for medical services in the De-partment of Veterans Affairs in order to emphasize the responsibility of the Department Veterans Affairs to provide services to veterans and maintain health care clinics in rural communities; Beyer (No. 15) that requires Vet Centers develop a program to part-ner with organizations that provide outdoor experi-ences for veterans as part of a continuum of care that helps support veterans in developing a community of support to treat combat-related injuries; Michelle Lujan Grisham (NM) (No. 16) that prioritizes fund-ing for hiring more doctors, nurses, and medical staff at VA medical centers; Norcross (No. 17) that speci-fies $5 million of funds for Post-Traumatic Stress Disorders (PTSD) research for the purpose of study-ing the issues affecting veterans with PTSD and an opioid dependency; Keating (No. 18) that directs the VA to create an opioid abuse healthcare kit for com-munity healthcare providers; Jackson Lee (No. 22) that increases the amount of funding for Supportive Services for Veterans Families by $2 million offset by a reduction of a $2.5 million in the funding for the VA’s Information Technology Systems; Jackson Lee (No. 25) that prohibits the use of funds in con-travention of the U.S. Code regarding benefits for homeless veterans in training and outreach programs; and Connolly (No. 26) that prohibits the use of funds for charging homeless veterans a fee to obtain a veterans identification card;
                     Pages H6419–21 
Ratcliffe amendment (No. 20 printed in H. Rept. 115–259) that prohibits funds from being used to propose, plan, or execute a new round of Base Re-alignment and Closure (BRAC);
                Pages H6422–23 
Brat amendment (No. 21 printed in H. Rept. 115–259) that prohibits the Department of Veterans Affairs from spending money on a study that causes significant pain or distress to dogs; clarifies that training programs or studies of service dogs are not included in the ban on funding;
                Pages H6423–24 
Bergman amendment (No. 27 printed in H. Rept. 115–259) that increases the Investigations account under the Army Corps of Engineers by $1,000,000 and reduces Army Corps Expenses by the same amount;
                                                                          Page H6425 
Simpson en bloc amendment No. 2 consisting of the following amendments printed in H. Rept. 115–259: Michelle Lujan Grisham (NM) (No. 29) that provides $10 million for environmental infra-structure for authorized reimbursements for projects with executed project cooperation agreements that have completed construction or where non-federal sponsors intend to use the funds for additional water resources development activities; Welch (No. 30) that funds the following projects at the authorized level of $10M: section 1177 of the Water Infrastruc-ture Improvements for the Nation Act (PL 114–322) authorized efforts to construct control gates, spill-ways, and dam safety improvements for aging flood control reservoirs built by the Army Corps of Engi-neers; Curbelo (No. 33) that increases funding with-in the Construction account for Army Corps Envi-ronmental Infrastructure by $45,000,000 and de-creases the Construction account by $45,000,000; Nolan (No. 34) that increases the Army Corps’ Op-eration and Maintenance budget by $325,000 with the intention to provide more funding for the Aquatic Nuisance Control Research program cur-rently funded at $675,000; Larson (CT) (No. 45) that increases funding for EERE Hydrogen and Fuel Cell Technologies program; Takano (No. 47) that re-stores the Energy Innovation Hubs in the Office of Science, Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, and Nuclear Energy; DeSaulnier (No. 48) that re-stores $1.2 million in funding for the Albert Ein-stein Distinguished Educator Fellowship Program; Stivers (No. 66) that states that none of the funds made available by division D may be used for the Cape Wind Energy Project on the Outer Continental Shelf off Massachusetts, Nantucket Sound; Gallagher (No. 67) that provides $10,000,000 for ‘‘Department of Energy—Electricity Delivery and Energy Reli-ability’’ for energy storage systems demonstrations as authorized by section 641 of the Energy Independ-ence and Security Act of 2007 and decreases The Department of Energy-Departmental Administration by the same amount; Brownley (No. 68) that states none of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of section 2102 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 or section 210 of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 1986; and Rodney Davis (IL) (No. 69) that makes no funds available to the Army Corps of Engineers (Civil Works) to require an eco-nomic re-evaluation of any project authorized under title VIII of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007;                                                                  Pages H6426–27 
Mast amendment (No. 32 printed in H. Rept. 115–259) that increases Aquatic Plant Control Re-search Program by $500,000.00 and aims to (1) pro-vide science-based guidance on developing or using new technologies for managing, preventing, and monitoring aquatic invasive species; (2) improve the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:06 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26JY7.REC D26JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD842 July 26, 2017 
efficacy and diversity of available management op-tions; (3) reduce the impacts of aquatic invasive spe-cies on federally listed (threatened and endangered) species; (4) reduce operations and maintenance costs associated with aquatic invasive species management; and (5) develop solutions regarding these species based on field needs;
                                        Pages H6429–30 
Heck amendment (No. 35 printed in H. Rept. 115–259) that provides funding for a U.S. Army Corps of Engineers study on the extent to which the agency has used low impact development to comply with Sec. 438 of the Energy Independence and Secu-rity Act of 2007 (P.L. 110–140);
             Pages H6430–31 
McKinley amendment (No. 42 printed in H. Rept. 115–259) that increases fossil energy funding to 2017 funding levels;
                                  Pages H6436–37 
Perry amendment (No. 43 printed in H. Rept. 115–259) that increases funding for EERE by $15,000,000 and decreases funding for Department of Energy departmental administration by $15,000,000;
                                                       Pages H6437–38 
Jackson Lee amendment (No. 49 printed in H. Rept. 115–259) that redirects $1 million in funding within the Departmental Administration account in order to address environmental concerns in both urban and rural settings;
                               Pages H6439–40 
Foster amendment (No. 51 printed in H. Rept. 115–259) that reduces the NNSA Weapons Account by $10,000,000 and increases the account by the same amount, to be used to fight bioterror; 
                                                                                    Pages H6441–42 
Jackson Lee amendment (No. 56 printed in H. Rept. 115–259) that allocates an additional $3 mil-lion for post-disaster watershed assessment studies (by a recorded vote of 234 ayes to 192 noes, Roll No. 425);
                                                  Pages H6446–48, H6454 
Jackson Lee amendment (No. 57 printed in H. Rept. 115–259) that allocates an additional $100 million for Army Corps of Engineers construction projects related to flood control;
                Pages H6454–55 
Jackson Lee amendment (No. 58 printed in H. Rept. 115–259) that prohibits use of funds in con-travention of the Department of Energy Organiza-tion Act and addresses the need to increase programs that educate minorities in science, technology, engi-neering and math;
                                             Pages H6455–56 
Gosar amendment (No. 59 printed in H. Rept. 115–259) that prohibits use of funds in contraven-tion of the Department of Energy Organization Act and addresses the need to increase programs that educate minorities in science, technology, engineer-ing and math; and
                                            Pages H6456–57 
Burgess amendment (No. 61 printed in H. Rept. 115–259) that states that limitation amendment per-taining to lightbulb energy efficiency regulations. 
                                                                                    Pages H6458–59 Rejected: Connolly amendment (No. 1 printed in H. Rept. 115–259) that sought to increase funding for the Government Accountability Office (GAO); 
                                                                                    Pages H6408–09 
Shea Porter amendment (No. 8 printed in H. Rept. 115–259) that sought to prohibit the use of funds from Members Representational Allowances to mail any unsolicited mass mailing larger than the size of a standard US postcard;
                   Pages H6416–17 
Mitchell amendment (No. 36 printed in H. Rept. 115–259) that sought to reduce by 10% the general administrative expense accounts of the USACE, Of-fice of the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works, Department of the Interior, and Department of Energy. Transfers the savings to the Spending Re-duction Account;
                                               Pages H6428–29 
Kaptur amendment (No. 37 printed in H. Rept. 115–259) that sought to strike section 108 on page 277, line 12, which authorizes the Administrator of the EPA and the Secretary of the Army to withdraw the WOTUS rule without regard to any provision of statue or regulation that establishes a requirement for such withdrawal;
                                        Pages H6431–32 
Quigley amendment (No. 40 printed in H. Rept. 115–259) that sought to cuts $921 million from the Department of Energy nuclear weapons activities ac-count and add $921 million to the Office of Energy Efficiency & Renewable Energy (EERE); 
                                                                                    Pages H6434–35 
Polis amendment (No. 41 printed in H. Rept. 115–259) that sought to increase funds for the En-ergy Efficiency and Renewable Energy account by $986,292,000 (to FY17 level) and decrease funds for Fossil Energy Research and Development by $634,600,000 and reduce the National Nuclear Se-curity Administration Weapons Activities account by $352,000,000;
                                              Pages H6435–36 
Kihuen (No. 55 printed in H. Rept. 115–259) that sought to strike language that would prohibit closure of the Yucca Mountain project; 
                                                                                    Pages H6445–46 
Perry amendment (No. 4 printed in H. Rept. 115–259) that sought to reduce the appropriation to the Congressional Budget Office (by a recorded vote of 107 ayes to 314 noes, Roll No. 416); 
                                                                      Pages H6411–12, H6448 
Griffith amendment (No. 5 printed in H. Rept. 115–259) that sought to eliminate the Budget Anal-ysis Division of the Congressional Budget Office and transfers the duties of that division to the Office of the Director of CBO (by a recorded vote of 116 ayes to 309 noes, Roll No. 417);
           Pages H6412–15, H6449 
Takano amendment (No. 7 printed in H. Rept. 115–259) that sought to appropriate $2.5 million to re-institute the Office of Technology Assessment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:06 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26JY7.REC D26JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D843 July 26, 2017 
(OTA), offset from funds from the Architect of the Capitol’s Capital Construction and Operations Ac-count (by a recorded vote of 191 ayes to 236 noes, Roll No. 418);
                                 Pages H6415–16, H6449–50 
King (IA) amendment (No. 23 printed in H. Rept. 115–259) that sought to ensure that no funds are used to implement, administer, or enforce the Davis-Bacon Act (by a recorded vote of 178 ayes to 249 noes, Roll No. 419);
                 Pages H6424–25, H6450 
Castor (FL) amendment (No. 38 printed in H. Rept. 115–259) that sought to increase funding for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy by $177,000,000 and reduce funding for Fossil Energy Research and Development by $355,000,000 (by a recorded vote of 181 ayes to 246 noes, Roll No. 420);
                                                              Pages H6432–33, 6451 
Norcross amendment (No. 39 printed in H. Rept. 115–259) that sought to add $161.725 million to the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable En-ergy for research and development to advance energy efficiency and renewable energy technologies (by a recorded vote of 186 ayes to 241 noes, Roll No. 421);
                                                     Pages H6433–34, H6451–52 
Esty amendment (No. 44 printed in H. Rept. 115–259) that sought to increase funding to the Ad-vanced Manufacturing Office within the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy by $20 million by cutting $40 million from the Fossil En-ergy Research and Development; additional funding would enable the research, development, and deploy-ment of industrial efficiency and clean energy manu-facturing technologies (by a recorded vote of 203 ayes to 224 noes, Roll No. 422); 
                                                                      Pages H6438–39, H6452 
Garamendi amendment (No. 52 printed in H. Rept. 115–259) that sought to reduce the Weapons Activities—Recapitalization—Infrastructure to the President’s Budget level and increases the Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation account by the same amount (by a recorded vote of 180 ayes to 247 noes, Roll No. 423); and
                        Pages H6442–43, H6452–53 
Pingree amendment (No. 54 printed in H. Rept. 115–259) that sought to strike section 505 on page 325 that pertains to National Ocean Policy and Ocean Planning (by a recorded vote of 192 ayes to 235 noes, Roll No. 424).
       Pages H6444–6445, H6453–54 
Withdrawn: Bergman amendment (No. 11 printed in H. Rept. 115–259) that was offered and subsequently with-drawn that would have reduced the Veterans Bene-fits Administration’s General Operating Expenses ac-count by $30,000,000 and increases the Information Technology Systems Development, Modernization, and Enhancement account by the same amount; 
                                                                                            Page H6418 Al Green (TX) amendment (No. 13 printed in H. Rept. 115–259) that was offered and subsequently withdrawn that would have increased Homeless Vet-eran Treatment by $70 million, and decreased Gen-eral expenses account by $70 million;
            Page H6421 
Michelle Lujan Grisham (NM) amendment (No. 50 printed in H. Rept. 115–259) that was offered and subsequently withdrawn that would have prioritized funding for the construction of facilities that NNSA needs to meet its mission; 
                                                                                    Pages H6440–41 
Rosen amendment (No. 53 printed in H. Rept. 115–259) that was offered and subsequently with-drawn that would have transferred to the Spending Reduction Account funding for Department of En-ergy disposal of defense nuclear waste, including ac-quisition of real property or facility construction/ex-pansion;
                                                                  Pages H6443–44 
DelBene amendment (No. 60 printed in H. Rept. 115–259) that was offered and subsequently with-drawn that would have ensured the Army Corps of Engineers is using taxpayer dollars on American- made anchor chain;
                                           Pages H6457–58 
Budd amendment (No. 64 printed in H. Rept. 115–259) that was offered and subsequently with-drawn that would have prohibited the use of funds to be used to implement, administer, or enforce the prevailing wage requirements in subchapter IV of chapter 31 of title 40, United States Code (com-monly referred to as the Davis-Bacon Act); and 
                                                                                            Page H6461 
Mitchell amendment (No. 70 printed in H. Rept. 115–259) that was offered and subsequently with-drawn that would have ensured none of the funds in this act are used to delay the release of the USACE Great Lakes and Mississippi River Interbasin Study (GLMRIS) Brand Road Study.
                    Pages H6461–62 
Proceedings Postponed: Blackburn amendment (No. 62 printed in H. Rept. 115–259) that seeks to provide for a one per-cent across the board cut to the discretionary spend-ing levels in Division D of the bill; and 
                                                                                    Pages H6459–60 
Perry amendment (No. 63 printed in H. Rept. 115–259) that seeks to prohibit the use of funds to implement or enforce the final rule published by the Secretary of Energy entitled ‘‘Energy Conservation Program: Test Procedures for Central Air Condi-tioners and Heat Pumps’’.
                            Pages H6460–61 
H. Res. 473, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3219) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 232 ayes to 192 noes, Roll No. 415, after the pre-vious question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 230 yeas to 193 nays, Roll No. 414.
      Pages H6313–26 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:06 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26JY7.REC D26JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD844 July 26, 2017 
Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote and eleven recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H6325–26, H6325, H6448, H6449, H6449–50, H6450, H6451, H6451–52, H6452, H6453, H6453–54, and H6454. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 12:22 a.m. on Thursday, July 27, 2017. 
Committee Meetings 
RENEGOTIATING NAFTA: OPPORTUNITIES FOR AGRICULTURE Committee on Agriculture: Full Committee held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Renegotiating NAFTA: Opportunities for Agriculture’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. EXPANDING OPTIONS FOR EMPLOYERS AND WORKERS THROUGH EARN-AND- LEARN OPPORTUNITIES Committee on Education and the Workforce: Sub-committee on Higher Education and Workforce De-velopment held a hearing entitled ‘‘Expanding Op-tions for Employers and Workers Through Earn-and- Learn Opportunities’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. POWERING AMERICA: A REVIEW OF THE OPERATION AND EFFECTIVENESS OF THE NATION’S WHOLESALE ELECTRICITY MARKETS Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Energy held a hearing entitled ‘‘Powering America: A Review of the Operation and Effectiveness of the Nation’s Wholesale Electricity Markets’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. EXAMINING THE EXTENSION OF SPECIAL NEEDS PLANS Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Ex-tension of Special Needs Plans’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. ASSESSING THE U.S.-QATAR RELATIONSHIP Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Assessing the U.S.-Qatar Relationship’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Homeland Security: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 2626, the ‘‘Strong Visa Integrity Secures America Act’’; H.R. 2805, to permanently authorize the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Business Travel Card Program; H.R. 3202, the ‘‘Cyber Vulnerability Disclosure Reporting Act’’; H.R. 3284, the ‘‘Joint Counterterrorism Awareness Workshop Series Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3328, the ‘‘Cuban Airport Security Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3359, the ‘‘Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agen-cy Act of 2017’’; and H. Res. 447, directing the Secretary of Homeland Security to transmit certain documents to the House of Representatives relating to Department of Homeland Security policies and activities relating to businesses owned or controlled by President Donald J. Trump. H.R. 3202, H.R. 3284, H.R. 3328, H.R. 3359, and H. Res. 447 were ordered reported, without amendment. H.R. 2626 and H.R. 2805 were ordered reported, as amended. OVERSIGHT OF THE LIBRARY OF CONGRESS’ STRATEGIC PLAN Committee on House Administration: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Library of Congress’ Strategic Plan’’. Testimony was heard from Carla D. Hayden, Librarian of Congress. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 391, the ‘‘Asylum Reform and Bor-der Protection Act of 2017’’; and H. Res. 446, reso-lution of inquiry requesting the President and di-recting the Attorney General to transmit, respec-tively, certain documents to the House of Represent-atives relating to the removal of former Federal Bu-reau of Investigation Director James Comey. H.R. 391 and H. Res. 446 were ordered reported, as amended. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee com-pleted a markup on H.R. 825, the ‘‘Public Land Re-newable Energy Development Act’’; H.R. 873, the ‘‘Global War on Terrorism War Memorial Act’’; H.R. 965, the ‘‘Saint-Gaudens National Historical Park Redesignation Act’’; H.R. 1074, to repeal the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to confer jurisdiction on the State of Iowa over offenses committed by or against Indians on the Sac and Fox Indian Reservation’’; H.R. 1418, to amend the Alaska Native Claims Set-tlement Act to provide that Alexander Creek, Alas-ka, is and shall be recognized as an eligible Native village under that Act, and for other purposes; H.R. 1491, the ‘‘Santa Ynez Band of Chumash Indians Land Affirmation Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1547, the ‘‘Udall Park Land Exchange Completion Act’’; H.R. 2075, the ‘‘Crooked River Ranch Fire Protection Act’’; H.R. 2083, the ‘‘Endangered Salmon and Fish-eries Predation Prevention Act’’; H.R. 2199, the ‘‘Federal Land Asset Inventory Reform Act of 2017’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:06 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26JY7.REC D26JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D845 July 26, 2017 
H.R. 2316, the ‘‘Cooperative Management of Min-eral Rights Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2371, the ‘‘Western Area Power Administration Transparency Act’’; H.R. 2374, the ‘‘Eastern Nevada Economic Development and Land Management Improvement Act’’; H.R. 2423, the ‘‘Washington County, Utah, Public Lands Management Implementation Act’’; H.R. 2582, the ‘‘Confirming State Land Grants for Education Act’’; H.R. 2611, the ‘‘Little Rock Central High School National Historic Site Boundary Modification Act’’; H.R. 2615, the ‘‘Gulf Islands National Seashore Land Exchange Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2768, the ‘‘Fowler and Boskoff Peaks Designation Act’’; H.R. 3115, the ‘‘Superior National Forest Land Exchange Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3279, the ‘‘Helium Extraction Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 3281, the ‘‘Reclamation Title Transfer and Non-Federal Infrastructure Incentivization Act’’. H.R. 825, H.R. 965, H.R. 1491, H.R. 2075, H.R. 2582, and H.R. 3115 were ordered reported, as amended. H.R. 3281, H.R. 3279, H.R. 2611, H.R. 2615, H.R. 2768, H.R. 2083, H.R. 2199, H.R. 2316, H.R. 2371, H.R. 2374, H.R. 2423, H.R. 1547, H.R. 1074, H.R. 1418, and H.R. 873 were ordered reported, without amendment. OFFICE OF NATIONAL DRUG CONTROL POLICY: REAUTHORIZATION IN THE 115TH CONGRESS Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Office of Na-tional Drug Control Policy: Reauthorization in the 115th Congress’’. Testimony was heard from Richard Baum, Acting Director, Office of National Drug Control Policy; Diana Maurer, Director, Justice and Law Enforcement Issues, Government Accountability Office; and public witnesses. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 Committee on Rules: Full Committee, concluded a hearing on H.R. 3219, the ‘‘Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2018’’ [Make America Secure Appropriations Act, 2018] [Meeting II]. The Com-mittee granted, by record vote of 7–4, a structured rule for H.R. 3219. The rule provides that no fur-ther general debate shall be in order. The rule pro-vides that the further amendment printed in part A of the Rules Committee report shall be considered as adopted. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in part B of the Rules Com-mittee report, amendments en bloc described in sec-tion 3 of the resolution, and available pro forma amendments described in section 4 of House Resolu-tion 473. Each further amendment printed in part B of the report may be offered only in the order print-ed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the re-port equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, may be withdrawn by the pro-ponent at any time before action thereon, shall not be subject to amendment except amendments de-scribed in section 4 of House Resolution 473, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against further amendments printed in part B of the report or against amendments en bloc described in section 3 of the resolution. The rule provides that it shall be in order at any time for the chair of the Com-mittee on Appropriations or his designee to offer further amendments en bloc consisting of amend-ments printed in part B of the report not earlier dis-posed of. Amendments en bloc shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for 20 minutes equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Appropriations or their designees, shall not be subject to amend-ment except amendments described in section 4 of House Resolution 473, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule pro-vides one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. In section 5, the rule provides that it shall be in order at any time on the legislative day of July 27, 2017, or July 28, 2017, for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House suspend the rules and that the Speaker or his designee shall con-sult with the Minority Leader or her designee on the designation of any matter for consideration pursuant to this section. STEM AND COMPUTER SCIENCE EDUCATION: PREPARING THE 21ST CENTURY WORKFORCE Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-committee on Research and Technology held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘STEM and Computer Science Edu-cation: Preparing the 21st Century Workforce’’. Tes-timony was heard from public witnesses. PROTECTING SMALL BUSINESSES FROM CYBER ATTACKS: THE CYBERSECURITY INSURANCE OPTION Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Protecting Small Businesses from Cyber Attacks: the Cybersecurity Insurance Option’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:06 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26JY7.REC D26JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD846 July 26, 2017 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, JULY 27, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Rostin Behnam, of New Jersey, Brian D. Quintenz, of Ohio, and Dawn DeBerry Stump, of Texas, each to be a Commissioner of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, 9:30 a.m., SR–328A. Committee on Appropriations: business meeting to markup an original bill entitled, ‘‘Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Transportation, Housing and Urban Devel-opment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018’’, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2018’’, 10:30 a.m., SD–106. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: busi- ness meeting to consider the nominations of J. Paul Compton, Jr., of Alabama, to be General Counsel, and Anna Maria Farias, of Texas, and Neal J. Rackleff, of Texas, both to be an Assistant Secretary, all of the De-partment of Housing and Urban Development, Richard Ashooh, of New Hampshire, to be an Assistant Secretary, and Elizabeth Erin Walsh, of the District of Columbia, to be Assistant Secretary and Director General of the United States and Foreign Commercial Service, both of the Department of Commerce, and Christopher Campbell, of California, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, 9:45 a.m., SD–538. Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Joseph Otting, of Nevada, to be Comp-troller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, and Randal Quarles, of Colorado, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System (Reappointment), and to be Vice Chairman for Supervision of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Foreign Relations: business meeting to con-sider an original bill entitled, ‘‘Department of State Au-thorization Act, Fiscal Year 2018’’, and the nominations of David Steele Bohigian, of Missouri, to be Executive Vice President, and Ray Washburne, of Texas, to be President, both of the Overseas Private Investment Cor-poration, and Kay Bailey Hutchison, of Texas, to be United States Permanent Representative on the Council of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, with the rank and status of Ambassador, Luis E. Arreaga, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Guatemala, Nathan Alexander Sales, of Ohio, to be Coordinator for Counter-terrorism, with the rank and status of Ambassador at Large, George Edward Glass, of Oregon, to be Ambas-sador to the Portuguese Republic, Carl C. Risch, of Penn-sylvania, to be an Assistant Secretary (Consular Affairs), Sharon Day, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Costa Rica, Krishna R. Urs, of Connecticut, to be Am-bassador to the Republic of Peru, Kelly Knight Craft, of Kentucky, to be Ambassador to Canada, Kelley Eckels Currie, of Georgia, to be Representative on the Economic and Social Council of the United Nations, with the rank of Ambassador, and to be an Alternate Representative to the Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Na-tions, Jay Patrick Murray, of Virginia, to be Alternate Representative for Special Political Affairs in the United Nations, with the rank of Ambassador, and to be an Al-ternate Representative to the Sessions of the General As-sembly of the United Nations, Callista L. Gingrich, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Holy See, Robert Wood Johnson IV, of New York, to be Ambassador to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ire-land, and Lewis M. Eisenberg, of Florida, to be Ambas-sador to the Italian Republic, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Republic of San Marino, all of the Department of State, 10 a.m., S–116, Capitol. Committee on the Judiciary: to continue oversight hear-ings to examine the Foreign Agents Registration Act and attempts to influence United States elections, focusing on lessons learned from current and prior Administrations, 9 a.m., SH–216. Select Committee on Intelligence: closed business meeting to markup pending intelligence matters, 10 a.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Armed Services, Subcommittee on Readi-ness, hearing entitled ‘‘Continued Oversight of the Trans-fer of Excess Military Equipment to Civilian Law Enforce-ment Agencies’’, 10:30 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 767, the ‘‘SOAR to Health and Wellness Act of 2017’’; H.R. 772, the ‘‘Common Sense Nutrition Disclosure Act of 2017’’; H.R. 880, the ‘‘MIS-SION ZERO Act’’; H.R. 931, the ‘‘Firefighter Cancer Registry Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2422, the ‘‘Action for Den-tal Health Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3387, the ‘‘Drinking Water System Improvement Act’’; and H.R. 3388, the ‘‘Designating Each Car’s Automation Level Act’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee On Financial Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Annual Testimony of the Secretary of the Treasury on the State of the International Financial Sys-tem’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, markup on H. Res. 259, expressing concern and condemnation over the political, economic, social, and humanitarian cri-sis in Venezuela; H. Res. 311, recognizing that for 50 years the Association of South East Asian Nations (ASEAN) has worked toward stability, prosperity, and peace in Southeast Asia; H.R. 2061, the ‘‘North Korean Human Rights Reauthorization Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2408, the ‘‘Protecting Girls’ Access to Education in Vul-nerable Settings Act’’; H. Res. 128, supporting respect for human rights and encouraging inclusive governance in Ethiopia; H. Res. 357, reaffirming the strategic partner-ship between the United States and Canada, recognizing bilateral cooperation that advances United States national 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:06 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26JY7.REC D26JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D847 July 26, 2017 interests, and urging increased bilateral cooperation on se-curity, economic issues, and energy, and for other pur-poses; H. Res. 359, urging the European Union to des-ignate Hizballah in its entirety as a terrorist organization and increase pressure on it and its members; H. Res. 449, urging the Government of Kenya and Kenya’s political parties to respect democratic principles and hold credible, peaceful, and transparent elections in August 2017; and H.R. 1918, the ‘‘Nicaraguan Investment Conditionality Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, markup on H. Res. 422, urging adherence to the ‘‘one country, two sys-tems’’ policy as prescribed in the Joint Declaration be-tween the Government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and the Government of the People’s Republic of China on the Question of the Hong Kong; H. Res. 445, honoring the life and legacy of Liu Xiaobo for his stead-fast commitment to the protection of human rights, po-litical freedoms, free markets, democratic elections, gov-ernment accountability, and peaceful change in the Peo-ple’s Republic of China; H.R. 2732, the ‘‘North Korea Travel Control Act’’; and H.R. 3320, to direct the Sec-retary of State to develop a strategy to regain observer status for Taiwan in the World Health Organization, and for other purposes, 2:15 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Interests in the Asia-Pacific: FY 2018 Budget Hearing’’, 2:30 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Over-sight and Management Efficiency, hearing entitled ‘‘Em-ployee Misconduct: How Can FEMA Improve the Integ-rity of its Workforce’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, hearing en-titled ‘‘The Need for the Balanced Budget Amendment’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law, hearing entitled ‘‘Antitrust Concerns and the FDA Approval Process’’, 1 p.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, hearing on H.R. 1778, to provide that an order by the Secretary of the Interior imposing a moratorium on Federal coal leasing shall not take effect unless a joint resolution of approval is enacted, and for other purposes; H.R. 3117, the ‘‘Transparency and Hon-esty in Energy Regulations Act of 2017’’; and legislation to require congressional approval of any mineral with-drawal or monument designation involving the National Forest System lands in the State of Minnesota, to provide for the renewal of certain mineral leases in such lands, and for other purposes, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub-committee on Health Care, Benefits, and Administrative Rules; and Subcommittee on Intergovernmental Affairs, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Challenges to the Freedom of Speech on College Campuses’’, 9 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Subcommittee on National Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Combatting Homegrown Terrorism’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Ray-burn. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 3180, the ‘‘Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018’’, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Full Com-mittee, markup on H. Res. 437, of inquiry requesting the President to provide certain documents in the President’s possession; H.R. 1735, the ‘‘Community Empowerment for Mitigated Properties Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3176, the ‘‘Disaster Assistance Fairness and Accountability Act of 2017’’; H. Con. Res. 69, authorizing the use of the Cap-itol Grounds for the District of Columbia Special Olym-pics Law Enforcement Torch Run; and H.R. 1758, the ‘‘Brownfields Reauthorization Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:06 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26JY7.REC D26JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD848 July 26, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Thursday, July 27 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-ation of H.R. 1628, American Health Care Act, and vote on or in relation to McConnell (for Daines) Modified Amendment No. 340 (to Amendment No. 267) at 2:15 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Thursday, July 27 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Complete consideration of H.R. 3219—Make America Secure Appropriations Act, 2018 (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of measures under sus-pension of the Rules. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Beatty, Joyce, Ohio, E1062 Bilirakis, Gus M., Fla., E1056 Bishop, Mike, Mich., E1054 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E1057 Carson, Andre´, Ind., E1059 Clyburn, James E., S.C., E1061 Cooper, Jim, Tenn., E1061, E1061 Costello, Ryan A., Pa., E1054 Frankel, Lois, Fla., E1054 Green, Gene, Tex., E1054 Holding, George, N.C., E1054 Hoyer, Steny H., Md., E1060 Levin, Sander M., Mich., E1055 MacArthur, Thomas, N.J., E1055, E1058 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E1055, E1058, E1060 McGovern, James P., Mass., E1059 Meng, Grace, N.Y., E1060 Mitchell, Paul, Mich., E1053 Noem, Kristi L., S.Dak., E1058 Perry, Scott, Pa., E1060 Renacci, James B., Ohio, E1055 Rogers, Harold, Ky., E1057 Roskam, Peter J., Ill., E1053, E1056 Ross, Dennis A., Fla., E1058 Sensenbrenner, F. James, Jr., Wisc., E1053 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E1053 Shimkus, John, Ill., E1059 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E1056 Vela, Filemon, Tex., E1054, E1056, E1057, E1058, E1060, E1061 Vela´zquez, Nydia M., N.Y., E1055, E1059 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E1053 Wenstrup, Brad R., Ohio, E1056 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E1062 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:06 Jul 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D26JY7.REC D26JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with DIGEST