Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to wish Mr. Ryan Ziem’s American Government students at Arnold High School the very best luck in their up-coming advanced placement exam. I visited these students last fall, and I was impressed by their articulate ques-tions and commitment to under-standing our system of government. Of course, understanding our system of government means understanding the U.S. Constitution. It is the greatest gift left to us by the Founders, and it has stood the test of time. The success of the Constitution is due to its carefully designed system of checks and balances. By separating the powers of government into separate but equal branches and guaranteeing individual rights, the Constitution has been, as James Madison suggested, ‘‘the guardian of true liberty.’’ Mr. Speaker, please join me in wish-ing these bright young students good luck on their AP exam and in their col-lege applications. f 
CONFRONTING TRUMP ON ANTI- SCIENCE AGENDA AND TAXES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. S
HERMAN ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, last Saturday was Earth Day, and tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands, mil-lions of people across this country had to march in favor of science because, not since Galileo was condemned by the Inquisition for asserting that the Earth orbits the Sun, not since Galileo was condemned by the Inquisition have science deniers had such powerful friends. Our species went 1,000 years without science. We call those years, in retro-spect, the Dark Ages. My time in this Congress has convinced me that we should be guided by scientific con-sensus, by scientific facts, not alter-native facts. Scientific fact: Climate change is real and predominantly man-made, and if we don’t reduce our emission of greenhouse gasses, then we are going to lose our ports, our beaches, our health, and entire countries like the Maldives. Another scientific fact: Donald Trump can’t stop global warming just by emitting an unprecedented volume of hot air. Now, a week earlier we had tax day, and millions of Americans across this country, including in Los Angeles, needed to demonstrate to try to get Donald Trump to reveal his tax re-turns. Every President since Richard Nixon has released their tax returns. Donald Trump told us in May of 2014: If I decide to run for office, I will produce my tax returns. And he said it again a year later. And then he said it during the Republican debate in 2016. He said: Oh, I will release my tax returns, but they are under audit. Well, according to Donald Trump, his 2011 and 2012 returns aren’t under audit. He ought to release those. But he ought to release all of his tax re-turns. And this idea that they are under audit is absolutely absurd. The IRS has made it clear: Any tax-payer can release their tax return, whether they are under audit or not, and everyone in the tax world—I head-ed the second largest tax agency in this country for several years, I am a CPA— knows that you can release your tax returns whether you are under audit or not. Now, I understand that you don’t want to release information to your ad-versary, and if you are being audited, the IRS is your adversary. But Donald Trump knows that the IRS already has his tax returns, so who is the adversary from which Donald Trump is with-holding information? The American people are the adversary that cannot see his tax return that the IRS already has. But it is not enough to just see Don-ald Trump’s Form 1040, because he tells us that he has 532 private businesses, secret businesses in the sense that they do not report their financial informa-tion to the SEC, over 532 of those busi-ness entity investments. We need to see the tax returns of every business entity that Trump controls. Over 100 of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25AP7.000 H25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2818 April 25, 2017 
those investments are in foreign coun-tries. We need to see the tax returns of Trump Panama Hotel, LLC; Trump Korea, LLC; DT Dubai Golf Course, LLC; and all the business entities that he has that are doing business in Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and China. Finally, Donald Trump ran as a popu-list, especially on corporate issues, but now he wants to allow corporate inver-sions that provide tax benefits to cor-porate Benedict Arnolds who betray our country and incorporate in some foreign country. He refuses to des-ignate China as a currency manipu-lator, even though he pledged to the American people during his rallies that he would do just that, and he refuses to do anything about Chinese require-ments for coproduction agreements. Donald Trump: His rallies sounded like B
ERNIE SANDERS , but he is gov-erning like Goldman Sachs. 
f 
DELIVERING FOR THE AMERICAN WORKER The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
UNN). The Chair recognizes the gen-tleman from Indiana (Mr. M
ESSER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, for gen-erations our Nation has celebrated the American Dream. I call it the Amer-ican promise, the simple idea that if you work hard, you will be rewarded. The American promise means that, if you show up for work every morning and play by the rules, you will be able to take care of your family and, over time, your life will improve. Unfortu-nately, for many Americans, that promise no longer rings true today. Before the election of Donald Trump, more than 50 percent of Americans saw our economic conditions worsening, and 50 percent of millennials think the American Dream is dead. When it comes to economic security for low- and middle-income workers, we flatlined: paychecks have frozen, and American families are having a harder and harder time making ends meet. As an uncle of mine used to say: When it came to the end of the month, it seems like you got more month than money to pay your bills. We need a renewed focus on improv-ing the lives of everyday working Americans. That is why the Republican Policy Committee, which I chair, launched a task force for the American worker, and our first hearing is today. It is time to start delivering for the American worker and restoring the American promise. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 10 minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. POLIQUIN ) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: God of the universe, we give You thanks for giving us another day. The House returns from a long recess meeting with constituents as concerns about budget, taxes, and immigration, among others, reveal the considerable divisions both in Congress and among the American populace as well. As opinions and emotions surge loud-ly and with little indication of easy so-lution, we take this quiet moment to ask Your blessing upon the Members of this people’s House. Give each Member peace and quiet discernment to work toward common solutions that might ease our divisions and open the way to new hope and con-fidence that we as a nation will con-tinue to shine as an example for all the world to emulate. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. LANCE led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
NORTH KOREA (Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to voice my deep concern regarding the dangerous and irresponsible actions of the Kim Jong-un regime in North Korea on be-half of the people of Orange County and the Korean Americans I represent. This week marks the 85th anniver-sary of the founding of the North Ko-rean Army. The North Korean military marked the occasion by conducting a large scale artillery drill in the coastal region of Wonsan on the Sea of Japan. Make no mistake, this was a direct message to our ally, South Korea, where millions, including nearly 30,000 U.S. troops, are within range of the North Korean artillery. This drill comes on the heels of North Korea’s threat to destroy U.S. aircraft carriers. Mr. Speaker, North Korea is the top threat facing the American people. North Korea’s efforts to extend the range of their ballistic missiles, while working to miniaturize a nuclear war-head, will eventually place the West Coast of the United States under direct nuclear threat. Intelligence experts es-timate that the regime will be capable of striking the West Coast in less than 4 years. That is an unacceptable risk for U.S. national security and an intolerable threat facing the residents of Orange County. I urge my colleagues to join me in condemning the recent North Korean provocations, demanding com-prehensive sanctions on the North Ko-rean regime, and supporting all actions necessary to secure the safety of our Nation and allies. f 
REMEMBERING RUBY ARNOLD (Mr. CLEAVER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, while it is widely known that Horace Peterson of Kansas City was the visionary and sole founder of the Black Archives of Mid-America, it is little known who saved the institution from vanishing years later. During the spring of 1998, Ruby Ar-nold, a diehard board member, began a personal crusade to secure a new home for the organization she held dear. One Monday morning, during a heavy rain-storm, Ruby Arnold appeared at the front desk of the 29th floor of city hall. The security guard asked her if she had an appointment with anyone in particular. ‘‘I don’t have an appoint-ment,’’ she said, ‘‘but I have come to see Mayor Emanuel Cleaver.’’ The assistant to the mayor replied: I’m sorry, but the mayor is not in. A week later, Ruby came by again to see the mayor and waited two hours for an appointment that she did not have to discuss a home for the Black Ar-chives. And then, at a public event the next week, she asked again: Mayor, have you found a place for the Black Ar-chives? Ruby Arnold died before the opening of the new archives in the summer of 2010, but former mayor, E
MANUEL  C
LEAVER , now the U.S. Representative from the Fifth District, said this loca-tion for the Black Archives was not se-cured by wishing or hoping but by the merciful harassment I received from one determined Ruby Arnold. May God bless her remarkable spirit. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE PUBLIC SERV-ICE OF CAROLANN GARAFOLA (Mr. LANCE asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25AP7.002 H25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2819 April 25, 2017 
Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the public service of Carolann Garafola, mayor of Warren Township, New Jersey, as she is hon-ored by the Somerset County Federa-tion of Republican Women as the re-cipient of the Millicent Fenwick Award for Outstanding Public Service. Carolann’s service as a public official began on the Warren Township plan-ning board 30 years ago. She then be-came the township committeewoman for that township, a post she has held for 20 consecutive years, 6 as mayor. Carolann began her professional ca-reer working with special needs chil-dren in Glen Rock, New Jersey public schools, and is currently in her fifth year as executive director of Mt. Beth-el Village in Warren, an apartment community for adults with autism, de-velopmental disabilities, and trau-matic brain injuries. The Millicent Fenwick Award for Outstanding Public Service is awarded to a woman who serves in the tradition of the late Congresswoman Fenwick, one with a strong work ethic, high in-tegrity, and a willingness to assist those in need. I congratulate Mayor Garafola on this well-deserved recognition. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ROTARY INTERNATIONAL’S SUCCESS (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, through my service to South Carolina’s Second Congressional Dis-trict and as past Cayce-West Columbia Rotary Club president, I appreciate Ro-tary International’s work in promoting worldwide Service Above Self. In coordination with national gov-ernments, Rotary International cre-ated the Global Polio Eradication Ini-tiative, producing Polio Plus as one of the most successful public-private health initiatives in history. The ini-tiative has provided immunizations for more than 2.5 billion children, spared 15 million from disability, prevented over 1.5 million deaths, and has re-duced polio illnesses by 99 percent. Earlier this year, I introduced H. Res. 165, recognizing Rotary Inter-national’s work on the Global Polio Eradication Initiative and supporting their ongoing services. While we have made remarkable strides, more work remains. I am grateful to support the current presi-dent of the Global Polio Eradication Initiative with Rotary International President John Germ and past Vice President Anne Matthews of Columbia, South Carolina. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Our sympathy to the family of Na-tional Review conservative stalwart Kate O’Beirne. DO EVERYTHING TO SECURE THE BORDER (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, for years, cries for help coming from those on the front lines of the Rio Grande have fallen on deaf ears in Washington. I have traveled to the southern bor-der many times in Texas, New Mexico, Arizona, and California. Law enforce-ment and citizens do the best they can with what they have got, but they are outmanned, outgunned, and outfinanced by the drug cartels and other devious actors trying to enter the United States. The Federal Government has been negligent for too long, but there is a new sheriff in town, and President Trump has promised that help is on the way. He wants to build a wall. Mr. Speaker, I believe that effective border security requires a comprehen-sive strategy that includes not only physical barriers in places but also in-creased use of technology, more boots on the ground, and more boats in the Rio Grande. The United States has amazing capa-bilities like aerial drones, aerostats, and seismic technology to detect cross-ers. Let’s use and do everything to se-cure the Nation. The Commander in Chief is right when he indicates border security is a matter of national security. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
COMBATING OPIOID ABUSE (Mr. BILIRAKIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I re-cently visited The Next 24, an addic-tion recovery residential home in New Port Richey, Florida. They do fantastic work to give those impacted by addic-tion a second chance. After all, the opioid crisis is not only a national epi-demic; it is happening here in our local communities. Addiction knows no bounds and does not discriminate based on race, age, in-come, or ZIP Code. It seems like so many people have a story about how they have been affected. Thanks to the 21st Century Cures Act, Florida will soon receive $27 mil-lion in new grant funding to help fight the opioid crisis. The $27 million will go towards increasing access to treat-ment and recovery services, strength-ening public education efforts, and im-proving pain management practices. This critical grant is the first of two rounds of funding to support an all- hands-on-deck approach in Florida to combat opioid abuse and save lives. 
f 
SOLVING OPIOID CRISIS (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, as communities across my district and across the Nation continue to deal with the crisis of opioid abuse and addiction, it is hard to imagine that a synthetic drug exists that is 50 times stronger than heroin and 100 times stronger than morphine. Fentanyl is a manufactured opioid, which, especially in its illicit versions, has contributed to tens of thousands of deaths. Especially concerning is the fact that this synthetic poison can be ordered online and delivered via med-ical or express consignment couriers from places like China, and because of its high potency in small amounts, Fentanyl is extremely difficult for law enforcement officials and authorities to detect. That is why I have joined Congress-woman NIKITSONGAS in introducing the INTERDICT Act which will provide U.S. Customs and Border Protection agents access to the latest chemical screening devices and scientific sup-port to both detect and intercept syn-thetic opioids before they can cause our communities more harm and more devastation. So I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation. As both par-ties, we must come together, and this is one piece of a larger response to the opioid epidemic. Both parties can and must come together to solve this crisis to take on this challenge head on. 
f 
ARMENIAN GENOCIDE ANNIVERSARY (Mr. VALADAO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the anniversary of the Armenian genocide, a horrific event impacting many of my own con-stituents in California. From 1915 to 1923, the Ottoman Em-pire engaged in a systematic and orga-nized deportation and extermination of over 2 million Armenians from their homeland. It is estimated that nearly 1.5 million Armenian men, women, and children were killed and many more permanently displaced or forced to flee. I recall one Armenian genocide re-membrance ceremony outside city hall in Fresno, California. During the cere-mony, I was given a copy of the event invitation, which had inscribed the words of Avetis Aharonian, an influen-tial Armenian writer and poet. It read: ‘‘If evil of this magnitude can be ig-nored, if our own children forget, then we deserve oblivion and earn the world’s scorn.’’ The passionate and enduring advo-cacy of the Armenian Americans, espe-cially those in California’s Central Val-ley, is evidence that the descendants of those who escaped the genocide have not forgotten this evil or their obliga-tion to share its lessons with the world. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25AP7.005 H25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2820 April 25, 2017 
Like Armenians from around the world, our central California commu-nity has heeded Aharonian’s words, ac-cepting his call to remember. I am proud to have recently coau-thored a bipartisan letter encouraging President Trump to properly recognize the Armenian genocide. As in years past, this year I took part in the Cap-itol Hill remembrance ceremony and supported the Armenian Caucus’ screening of ‘‘The Promise,’’ a film made possible by Fresno-native Kirk Kerkorian that depicts the Armenian people’s will to survive. To the Armenian community throughout the United States, please know that I stand with you today and always in honoring Aharonian’s words and never forgetting all those impacted by the Armenian genocide. 
f 
b1415 MEDIA BIAS SETS RECORD (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the biased liberal media have forgotten their responsibility to our democracy: give the American people the facts, don’t tell them what to think. A new report by the Media Research Center shows that coverage of Presi-dent Trump by the broadcast networks has been 89 percent negative, higher than any other President. Is it any wonder that half of Ameri-cans disapprove of the job President Trump is doing? The real wonder is that it is not greater, given what the public hears and reads every day. According to a recent Gallup Poll, 55 percent of U.S. adults say that news or-ganizations’ stories are ‘‘often inac-curate.’’ Only 36 percent say the media get the facts straight. Commonsense, reasonable Americans would do well to discount the liberal media since they don’t provide fair and objective information. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, April 25, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on April 25, 2017, at 9:25 a.m.: Appointments: Board of Directors of the Office of Compli-ance. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 4:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 17 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1630 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky) at 4 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 35) authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the National Peace Offi-cers Memorial Service and the Na-tional Honor Guard and Pipe Band Ex-hibition. The Clerk read the title of the con-current resolution. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
H. C ONRES. 35 Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), 
SECTION 1. USE OF THE CAPITOL GROUNDS FOR NATIONAL PEACE OFFICERS MEMO-RIAL SERVICE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Grand Lodge of the Fraternal Order of Police and its auxiliary shall be permitted to sponsor a public event, the 36th Annual National Peace Officers Me-morial Service (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘Memorial Service’’), on the Capitol Grounds, in order to honor the law enforce-ment officers who died in the line of duty during 2016. (b) D
ATE OF MEMORIAL SERVICE .—The Me- morial Service shall be held on May 15, 2017, or on such other date as the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate jointly designate, with preparation for the event to begin on May 11, 2017, and take- down completed on May 16, 2017. 
SEC. 2. USE OF THE CAPITOL GROUNDS FOR NA-TIONAL HONOR GUARD AND PIPE BAND EXHIBITION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Grand Lodge of the Fraternal Order of Police and its auxiliary shall be permitted to sponsor a public event, the National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Ex-hibition (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘Exhibition’’), on the Capitol Grounds, in order to allow law enforcement representa-tives to exhibit their ability to demonstrate Honor Guard programs and provide for a bag-pipe exhibition. (b) DATE OF EXHIBITION .—The exhibition shall be held on May 14, 2017, or on such other date as the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate jointly designate. 
SEC. 3. TERMS AND CONDITIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Under conditions to be prescribed by the Architect of the Capitol and the Capitol Police Board, the event shall be— (1) free of admission charge and open to the public; and (2) arranged not to interfere with the needs of Congress. (b) E
XPENSES AND LIABILITIES .—The spon-sors of the Memorial Service and Exhibition shall assume full responsibility for all ex-penses and liabilities incident to all activi-ties associated with the events. 
SEC. 4. EVENT PREPARATIONS. 
Subject to the approval of the Architect of the Capitol, the sponsors referred to in sec-tion 3(b) are authorized to erect upon the Capitol Grounds such stage, sound amplifi-cation devices, and other related structures and equipment, as may be required for the Memorial Service and Exhibition. 
SEC. 5. ENFORCEMENT OF RESTRICTIONS. 
The Capitol Police Board shall provide for enforcement of the restrictions contained in section 5104(c) of title 40, United States Code, concerning sales, advertisements, displays, and solicitations on the Capitol Grounds, as well as other restrictions applicable to the Capitol Grounds, in connection with the events. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. F
ERGUSON ) and the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. F
ERGUSON ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H. Con. Res. 35. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H. Con. Res. 35 author-izes the use of the Capitol Grounds for the annual National Police Officers’ Memorial Service and the National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhi-bition. These events are held each year as part of Police Week to honor the men and women who sacrificed their lives in the line of duty. This use of the Capitol Grounds is a worthy recogni-tion of the honorable sacrifice of our Nation’s brave first responders and their families. This year, 234 fallen officers will be honored, which is 100 more than last year. Ten of these officers are from my home State of Georgia, and 70 died from 9/11-related cancer. This year, we will also remember five officers of the Dallas Police Department for their courage in the line of fire while re-sponding to the shootings in Dallas at last July’s protest. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25AP7.006 H25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2821 April 25, 2017 
This is a clear reminder of the sac-rifices that our men and women in law enforcement make every day as they put their lives on the line to maintain safe communities for us and our loved ones. We must do all we can to support these brave men and women and their families. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this resolution, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H. Con. Res. 35 author-izes use of the Capitol Grounds for the annual National Peace Officers’ Memo-rial Service on May 15 and a National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhi-bition. Both events will be coordinated with the Architect of the Capitol and the Capitol Police. The National Peace Officers’ Memo-rial will honor the 144 law enforcement officers killed in the line of duty in 2016. In addition, the memorial event will honor 70 police officers who died from cancer related to 9/11 and 30 offi-cers who died within the past 5 years who were not previously honored. Eight of those officers this year hail from my home State of Georgia. I offer the deepest condolences to the families of those officers who have had to en-dure the tragedy of losing a loved one who volunteered to protect my fellow Georgians. I have deep appreciation for the fall-en officers and the ultimate sacrifice that they have made on behalf of their local communities. I support this reso-lution and urge Members to join me in supporting this tribute to law enforce-ment officers who died in the line of duty in the year 2016. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. F
ER-
GUSON ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent reso-lution, H. Con. Res. 35. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the concur-rent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
AUTHORIZING USE OF CAPITOL GROUNDS FOR GREATER WASH-INGTON SOAP BOX DERBY Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 36) authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby. The Clerk read the title of the con-current resolution. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 36 Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), SECTION 1. USE OF CAPITOL GROUNDS FOR SOAP BOX DERBY RACES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Greater Washington Soap Box Derby Association (in this resolu-tion referred to as the ‘‘sponsor’’) shall be permitted to sponsor a public event, soap box derby races (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘event’’), on the Capitol Grounds. (b) D
ATE OF EVENT .—The event shall be held on June 17, 2017, or on such other date as the Speaker of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Rules and Ad-ministration of the Senate jointly designate. 
SEC. 2. TERMS AND CONDITIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Under conditions to be prescribed by the Architect of the Capitol and the Capitol Police Board, the event shall be— (1) free of admission charge and open to the public; and (2) arranged not to interfere with the needs of Congress. (b) E
XPENSES AND LIABILITIES .—The spon-sor shall assume full responsibility for all expenses and liabilities incident to all activi-ties associated with the event. 
SEC. 3. EVENT PREPARATIONS. 
Subject to the approval of the Architect of the Capitol, the sponsor is authorized to erect upon the Capitol Grounds such stage, sound amplification devices, and other re-lated structures and equipment as may be re-quired for the event. 
SEC. 4. ADDITIONAL ARRANGEMENTS. 
The Architect of the Capitol and the Cap-itol Police Board are authorized to make such additional arrangements as may be re-quired to carry out the event. 
SEC. 5. ENFORCEMENT OF RESTRICTIONS. 
The Capitol Police Board shall provide for enforcement of the restrictions contained in section 5104(c) of title 40, United States Code, concerning sales, advertisements, displays, and solicitations on the Capitol Grounds, as well as other restrictions applicable to the Capitol Grounds, with respect to the event. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. F
ERGUSON ) and the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. F
ERGUSON ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on H. Con. Res. 36. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may con-sume. H. Con. Res. 36 authorizes the use of the Capitol Grounds for the annual Greater Washington Soap Box Derby in June. Since the first official All-American Soap Box Derby in 1934, the mission of the soapbox derby has been to build knowledge and character and to teach fair and honest competition. This tra-dition also allows children to dem-onstrate their dedication and cre-ativity. Winners from this local competition will join those from other races, in-cluding from my home State of Geor-gia, in competing at the world cham-pionship in Akron, Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this resolution, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would like to, first of all, thank my good friend from Maryland, Represent-ative STENY HOYER , for introducing this resolution on behalf of the entire Washington regional delegation. The Greater Washington Soap Box Derby is an annual competitive event that en-courages boys and girls, ages 9 through 16, to construct and race their own soapbox vehicles. This Capitol Hill event has become a great tradition in Washington, D.C., in our metropolitan area over the last 20 years. It provides a terrific opportunity for children to appreciate the work-manship necessary to build the vehi-cles and enjoy the thrill of competi-tion. The Greater Washington Soap Box Derby organizers will work with the Architect of the Capitol and the Cap-itol Police to ensure the appropriate rules and regulations are in place and that the event remains free to the pub-lic. I support this resolution, and I urge my colleagues to vote for this legisla-tion. You know, the Washington Soap Box Derby was an event that was being held during the times that I was here in Washington, D.C., growing up. I was born and raised here in Washington, D.C. I left at the age of 17 to come to Georgia. When I got to Georgia, I fell in love with Georgia; and I have been there for the last 47 years or so, and it has been a good run for me. But I tell you, remembering those oc-casions when the soapbox derby came to Washington, D.C., in my youth and going to watch the races, and, you know, it was really a joyful occasion, mass crowds gathered, people are root-ing for their neighbors and their rel-atives and their friends, and pretty soon everybody is rooting for every-body. And to see the cars, the crafts-manship that went into building those cars, it is really a joy. I haven’t been to a soapbox derby since those times, so I imagine the craftsmanship that is going into these vehicles now is probably astounding what these young people and their sup-porters do in preparation for this soap-box derby. But still, although the vehi-cles have probably gotten more sophis-ticated and the preparation has gotten more detailed, the aspiration of the soapbox derby remains the same, and that is for young people to challenge themselves to do something, get out of their comfort zone, construct some-thing, build something, then watch it actually move, and then even win the competition. So it is a great thrill, I am sure. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25AP7.011 H25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2822 April 25, 2017 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield such time as he may con-sume to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ). Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia for yield-ing, and I thank the chairman for bringing this resolution to the floor. Mr. Speaker, as I was sitting here lis-tening to Congressman J
OHNSON , I got so inspired that I just want to go out and jump in a soapbox or jump on a soapbox to give my talk. I have been at this for a very long pe-riod of time. The soapbox derby has been going on for 76 years; 36 of those years, I had the great privilege of serv-ing in this body. I rise each year to sponsor the resolution allowing the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby Association to hold its annual race on the Capitol Grounds. It is appropriate, I think, that it is here at the Capitol. The inspiration of the Capitol, the in-spiration of the dome, the inspiration and excitement of which Congressman J
OHNSON just spoke, I think, captures the sense of what ‘‘soapbox derby’’ means. This year marks, as I said, the 76th year of the derby, Mr. Speaker, at which young people from around the region, from age 8 all the way to age 17, compete in three divisions. Those divi-sions are stock, super stock, and mas-ters. So you are talking about these so-phisticated soapboxes. They are not your father’s soapbox, that is for sure. It is not only a fun and exciting event, it is also educational and brings children together, young people to-gether, young adults together with their parents, grandparents, siblings, and neighbors to plan and build their soapbox racers. You know, one of the things we need in America is more engineers. I am a lawyer. I don’t know that we need more lawyers. And we need doctors, of course, but people tell me, if we are going to make things in America, we need more engineers, people who work with their hands, people who create, people who design, and that is what this soapbox derby is about. Doing so, participating in this con-test helps connect these young people with hands-on engineering and manu-facturing lessons which promote great-er interest in the STEM fields which we all talk about: science, technology, engineering, and math. This has been the case, Mr. Speaker, since the first soapbox derby in 1938, and this long tradition now continues in the 21st century. The winner in each division will then qualify to race against the regional champions from across the Nation later this year, at Derby Downs, at the All-American Soap Box Derby in Akron, Ohio. This year, the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby will be held on June 17, Mr. Speaker. The derby has been called ‘‘the greatest amateur racing event in the world.’’ I don’t know whether it is the greatest, but it is cer-tainly one of the great contests in the world and teaches participating youth about fortitude, about leadership, about engineering, sportsmanship, and pride of achievement. b1645 In addition to bringing families to-gether, the Soap Box Derby brings communities closer together, Mr. Speaker. Many of the races are spon-sored and cheered by their local civic groups, police, fire departments, and service organizations. I have been proud, as I said, Mr. Speaker, to sponsor this resolution for 26 years, and I believe strongly in the importance of this tradition and am convinced of the very positive impact the Derby has on young people from my district who participate, around this region, and around the country. Maryland’s Fifth District, my dis-trict, has been home to a number of Greater Washington Soap Box Derby winners, including the winners from 2007, 2008, 2009, 2012, 2013, and 2014. The Washington region is millions of people. My young people and their ad-visers, otherwise may be called par-ents, are doing pretty well in this, and we are proud of that. Our racers even won the national championship in 2007 and 2008. I hope my colleagues, Mr. Speaker, will join me in supporting this resolu-tion and thanking the organizers of the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby. I hope they will also join me in con-gratulating, in advance, all of the young people from the region who will be participating on June 17. I also want to thank my cosponsors: G
ERRY CONNOLLY , D ONBEYER , JOHN D
ELANEY , J AMIE RASKIN , A NTHONY  B
ROWN , ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON , and B
ARBARA COMSTOCK . This is a bipar-tisan resolution. I am sure everybody will support it, and I am sure that the excitement of which Congressman J
OHNSON spoke will be experienced by those young people as they race to-wards victory. Whether they win the number one spot, they will be winners for having participated in this creative contest that makes them better people. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. F
ER-
GUSON ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent reso-lution, H. Con. Res. 36. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the concur-rent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
R. JESS BROWN UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 455) to designate the United States courthouse located at 501 East Court Street in Jackson, Mississippi, as the ‘‘R. Jess Brown United States Courthouse’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 455 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. DESIGNATION. 
The United States courthouse located at 501 East Court Street in Jackson, Mis-sissippi, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘R. Jess Brown United States Court-house’’. 
SEC. 2. REFERENCES. 
Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the United States court-house referred to in section 1 shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘R. Jess Brown United States Courthouse’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. F
ERGUSON ) and the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. F
ERGUSON ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on H.R. 455. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 455 would designate the United States courthouse located at 501 East Court Street in Jackson, Mississippi, as the R. Jess Brown United States Courthouse. Mr. Brown, a native of Oklahoma, at-tended Illinois State University, Indi-ana University, and the Texas South-ern University law school. In the 1960s, R. Jess Brown was one of only four African-American lawyers li-censed to practice in Mississippi. In 1962, Mr. Brown took on his most fa-mous case, where he worked on behalf of James Meredith, an African-Amer-ican student who sought enrollment at the University of Mississippi. Mr. Brown’s successful lawsuit broke the color barrier at the University of Mis-sissippi and helped set the tone for fu-ture litigation in the civil rights move-ment. Although the Meredith case may be his most famous trial, Mr. Brown al-ready had established a history of liti-gating for civil rights stretching back to 1948, when he sued on behalf of Black teachers in Jackson, Mississippi, who sought salaries on par with their White colleagues. R. Jess Brown helped to break down barriers and set historical precedent that has shaped our Nation for the bet-ter. It is only appropriate that we honor the work of Mr. Brown by nam-ing this courthouse after him. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25AP7.013 H25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2823 April 25, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise in support of H.R. 455. I want to commend my friend on the other side of the aisle for his eloquence and for his support of H.R. 455. I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. T
HOMPSON ). Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia for yielding me the time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 455, a bill to designate the United States courthouse in Jackson, Mis-sissippi, as the R. Jess Brown United States Courthouse. Mr. Speaker, Richard Jess Brown was born on September 12, 1912, in Coffey-ville, Kansas. His parents, Ernestine and Joe Brown, were jazz musicians and performed in and managed a local theater. Jess received a bachelor of science in industrial arts from Illinois State Nor-mal University and a master of science in industrial education from Indiana University in Bloomington, Indiana. After teaching at Alcorn State Uni-versity, Jess moved to Jackson, Mis-sissippi, where he taught industrial arts at Lanier High School, the only Black high school in the city at that time. While teaching at Lanier, Jess became an intervening plaintiff in a lawsuit that sought equal pay for Black teachers in Jackson. After teaching in Jackson, Jess at-tended Texas Southern University Law School. Jess left the law school before receiving his juris doctorate, but was able to return to Mississippi and pass the Mississippi bar in 1953. Beginning his law career in Vicks-burg, Mississippi, Jess confined his practice to cases involving divorces, deeds, land titles, and other practices that did not agitate White members of the bar. However, after the Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka ruling in 1954, Jess felt compelled to defend the civil rights of African Americans. In the fall of 1955, the conditions and hardships endured by Black lawyers in the courts led Mr. Brown and seven other Black attorneys to establish the Magnolia Bar Association. Mr. Speaker, R. Jess Brown is cred-ited with filing the first civil suit on behalf of an African American in Mis-sissippi, that lawsuit on behalf of a Jef-ferson County minister who challenged laws that prevented Blacks from vot-ing. Mr. Speaker, Jess Brown has an ex-tensive record as a civil rights lawyer. His list of clients include: Clyde Kennard, who was charged with and convicted of a fictitious crime while attempting to desegregate the University of Southern Mississippi; James H. Meredith, whose litigation ultimately led to the integration of the University of Mississippi; Dr. Gilbert Mason, who led the effort to end racial segregation on the beach-es of Biloxi, Mississippi; and Civil rights icons Medgar Wiley Evers and Dr. Aaron Henry. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Brown was admit-ted to practice law before all Mis-sissippi court systems; the United States District Court for the Northern District of Mississippi; the United States District Court for the Southern District of Mississippi; the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit; and the United States Supreme Court. Mr. Brown also served on the Executive Board of the National Bar Association for approximately 15 years. Mr. Speaker, on December 31, 1989, R. Jess Brown died in Jackson, Mis-sissippi, at the age of 77. Mr. Speaker, R. Jess Brown is well- deserving of this honor, and I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 455. Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, R. Jess Brown is the type of individual who is an American success story. Just listening to the comments of my colleague, Congress-man T
HOMPSON , about R. Jess Brown made me very proud of his accomplish-ments. He seemed to have been a Ren-aissance man with a southern twist. He seemed to be a gentleman and a schol-ar, yet someone who worked with his hands, also, and showed others how to do so. That is why I rise in support of H.R. 455, a bill to designate the Federal courthouse in Jackson, Mississippi, as the R. Jess Brown United States Court-house. I can’t think of any better name for a courthouse in that locale other than the R. Jess Brown United States Courthouse. Attorney R. Jess Brown was a towering champion during crit-ical moments in the civil rights move-ment in the South, and especially in Mississippi. Jess Brown received his law degree from the Thurgood Marshall School of Law at Texas Southern University, which is my law school alma mater, and he practiced law in Mississippi throughout the sixties and seventies as one of the few attorneys willing to practice civil rights law. He made the metamorphosis from being a divorce lawyer into being a civil rights lawyer. He was associate counsel for the Na-tional Association for the Advance-ment of Colored People, the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund, and he filed the first civil rights suit in Mississippi in the 1950s in Jefferson Davis County, seeking the enforcement of the right of Black citizens to become registered voters. In 1961, R. Jess Brown represented James H. Meredith in his suit to be al-lowed to enter the University of Mis-sissippi. His victory in this case opened the doors of that university to all Mis-sissippi citizens. While with the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund, he played a major role in fighting racial discrimi-nation in the areas of transportation and other public accommodations. During his lifetime, R. Jess Brown received numerous awards and honors, including the NAACP’s Lawyer of the Year Award, the National Bar Associa-tion’s C. Francis Stradford Award, and the Mississippi Teachers Association Award for extraordinary service to edu-cation in Mississippi. Other accom-plishments are too numerous to men-tion but, unfortunately, are not as well known as they should be, and this is the least that we can do to honor the legacy of this important American. I support this legislation honoring the life’s work of R. Jess Brown, and I urge my colleagues to join me and pass H.R. 455. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. FER-
GUSON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 455. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
METROPOLITAN PLANNING ORGA-NIZATION COORDINATION AND PLANNING AREA REFORM RE-PEAL ACT Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 496) to repeal the rule issued by the Federal Highway Admin-istration and the Federal Transit Ad-ministration entitled ‘‘Metropolitan Planning Organization Coordination and Planning Area Reform’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 496 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. REPEAL. 
The rule issued by the Federal Highway Administration and the Federal Transit Ad-ministration entitled ‘‘Metropolitan Plan-ning Organization Coordination and Plan-ning Area Reform’’ (81 Fed. Reg. 93448 (De-cember 20, 2016)) shall have no force or effect, and any regulation revised by that rule shall be applied as if that rule had not been issued. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. L
EWIS) and the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on S. 496. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25AP7.017 H25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2824 April 25, 2017 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Minnesota? There was no objection. b1700 Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, let me begin by thank-ing my colleague across the aisle, Rep-resentative L
IPINSKI , for his work on the original House version of this legis-lation and to Senator D
UCKWORTH for introducing the corresponding lan-guage in the Senate. We all understood the unintended ramifications that this last-minute rule created, and we worked together to address this issue. This bill rescinds the Federal High-way Administration and Federal Tran-sit Administration’s Metropolitan Planning Organization Coordination and Planning Reform rule that was promulgated in December, 2016. After being sworn in to the House of Representatives, one of the first pieces of legislation I offered was to repeal this rule. Through the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, we were able to work in a bipartisan manner to achieve that goal, and I was proud to serve as the lead Republican in advanc-ing a commonsense policy unanimously through our committee. This flawed rule mandates the expan-sion of boundaries for federally re-quired Metropolitan Planning Organi-zations, or MPOs. There are 409 MPOs in the United States, and the Depart-ment of Transportation identified that more than one-third of these MPOs would immediately be subject to the new requirements of this rule. By requiring that MPO boundaries encompass the entire urbanized area and any surrounding areas that may be urbanized within 20 years, the Depart-ment of Transportation has taken away the ability for States and local-ities to determine how to plan their transportation networks. In many cases, this rule pushes an MPO into the boundary of another MPO, forcing con-solidation of areas that are represented by different governing bodies. These areas are not capped and could become extremely expansive. There are even instances where MPOs would be man-dated to include cities and counties in neighboring States. The question is: Why did the DOT feel the need to institute this rule? States already have the ability to reas-sess their MPO boundaries. MPOs have the ability to expand beyond their boundaries by using memorandums of understanding. Minnesota uses several for transportation planning. Addition-ally, every 4 years, MPOs are required to participate in a review process that identifies areas of concern like the planning of projects with neighboring areas. Meanwhile, in the instances of unelected MPOs, like Minnesota’s Met-ropolitan Council, this rule encourages them to expand without any participa-tion or control from local citizens. The MPO council representing the Twin Cities area is entirely appointed by the Governor. Through State statute, they have the ability to levy taxes, and, like all MPOs, they determine what trans-portation projects to pursue. An expan-sion of MPO boundaries could mean a new tax for surrounding counties to fund transportation projects that do not address their local needs. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support this measure and re-turn current law to what Congress in-tended when it passed the FAST Act. This bill ensures that States, cities, and counties retain decisionmaking ability when it comes to planning their development and transportation growth. Our language restores certainty to local officials already in planning phases for local projects and could save MPOs more than $340 million over the next several years conforming to the regulation. The essence of this bill is local control. The more government is removed from the people, the less re-sponsive it becomes. Self-governance works best when closest to home. I want to thank Chairman S
HUSTER  for his leadership on this matter, as well as my colleagues, Representative L
IPINSKI and Senator D UCKWORTH , for their work on this bill, and I encourage all my colleagues to support our bill. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  a letter from the National Association of Regional Councils and the Associa-tion of Metropolitan Planning Organi-zations, and a letter from the Amer-ican Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials. 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF REGIONAL  C
OUNCILS AND ASSOCIATION OF  M
ETROPOLITAN PLANNING ORGANI -
ZATIONS , April 25, 2017. D
EAR MEMBER OF CONGRESS : On behalf of the members of the Association of Metro-politan Planning Organizations (AMPO) and National Association of Regional Councils (NARC), we wish to express our strong sup-port for a bill expected on the floor later today: S. 496—‘‘To repeal the rule issued by the Federal Highway Administration and the Federal Transit Administration entitled ‘‘Metropolitan Planning Organization Co-ordination and Planning Area Reform’’. This legislation passed the Senate unanimously on March 8. Identical legislation from Rep-resentatives Daniel Lipinski and Jason Lewis, H.R. 1346, has the support of 26 bipar-tisan co-sponsors and passed the Transpor-tation and Infrastructure Committee by voice vote on March 29. AMPO and NARC support increased plan-ning coordination at all levels, but this Final Rule has significant drawbacks that make its implementation impractical, and would hinder the regional planning process and delay project implementation. Our extensive joint comments to the federal docket explain in significant detail the problems with this rule and the negative consequences we be-lieve would result. Ours was one of more than 600 comments to the docket that asked this rule be withdrawn or substantially modified. Neither occurred, so legislative ac-tion is required. Repeal of this Final Rule is a key priority for our organizations and for many of our members. The legislation you will consider today would immediately restore certainty to the planning process for hundreds of plan-ning organizations. Its bipartisan support is an indication that members from both par-ties recognize the damage this Final Rule could inflict on the transportation planning process and project implementation. We thank you for your consideration of this matter, and reaffirm our request that you support passage of S. 496. Sincerely, LESLIE WOLLACK , Executive Director, National Association of Regional Coun-cils. D
ELANIA HARDY , Executive Director, As-sociation of Metro-politan Planning Or-ganizations. 
AMERICAN ASSOCIATION OF STATE  H
IGHWAY AND TRANSPORTATION  O
FFICIALS , Washington, DC, March 10, 2017. Re H.R. 1346 to repeal the rule issued by the FHWA and the FTA entitled ‘‘Metropoli-tan Planning Organization and Coordina-tion and Planning Area Reform’’ D
EAR MEMBERS OF CONGRESS : The Amer-ican Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials (AASHTO) ex-presses our full support of H.R. 1346 which will repeal the recently issued rule by the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) and the Federal Transit Administration (FTA) entitled ‘‘Metropolitan Planning Or-ganization Coordination and Planning Area Reform’’ (81 Fed. Reg. 93448) finalized on De-cember 20, 2016. Representing all 50 states, the District of Columbia, and Puerto Rico, AASHTO serves as a liaison between state departments of transportation (state DOTs) and the federal government. AASHTO and its members are supportive of voluntary opportunities to strengthen re-gional transportation planning by states and metropolitan planning organizations (MPOs). As expressed in our comments on the NPRM regarding this rule, we do not see a basis for making substantial changes to the planning process as required in the rule. AASHTO has significant concerns with the specific mandates that the rule imposes upon states and MPOs. The regulation will add significant additional legal and administra-tive requirements that would serve as bar-riers to constructive and flexible approaches to planning and programming being imple-mented by states and MPOs today. Imposing these new requirements goes against the Congressional intent of the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation (FAST) Act to streamline project delivery. The rule also epitomizes the one-size-fits-all approach that does not allow flexibility to tailor processes and solutions to the diverse needs, opportu-nities, and constraints faced by states and MPOs across the nation. We appreciate your tremendous leadership in repealing this specific rule. If you would like to discuss these issues further, please contact AASHTO’s Program Director for Planning and Performance Management. Sincerely, D
AVID BERNHARDT , P.E., President, American Association of State Highway and Trans-portation Officials; Commissioner, Maine Department of Transportation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25AP7.020 H25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2825 April 25, 2017 
Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 496, a straightforward bill to repeal changes made to the transportation planning process in the waning days of the Obama administration. On June 27, 2016, the Federal High-way Administration and the Federal Transit Administration jointly pub-lished a proposed rule to make signifi-cant changes to surface transportation planning regulations in an attempt to promote more effective regional plan-ning by States and Metropolitan Plan-ning Organizations, MPOs. The pro-posed rule was well-intentioned, aim-ing to strengthen coordination among planning partners and neighboring communities. However, the rule was haphazardly put together on an expedited timeline, with very little input from States and local planning organizations. It is not surprising, therefore, that the result was overwhelming opposition to the specific requirements of the rule. This rule was not mandated by Con-gress. In fact, Congress made very few changes to the planning process in the most recent surface transportation re-authorization, the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act, also known as the FAST Act. Among other changes, the adminis-tration sought to require that, in any urbanized area represented by more than one MPO, the MPOs would be re-quired to either merge or realign their boundaries or develop unified planning documents. This requirement for joint planning documents would apply in ur-banized areas that cross State lines. This provision, in particular, caused substantial concern in the planning community. The FHWA and the FTA received 299 comments in opposition to the pro-posed rule, of which 249 requested that the rulemaking be withdrawn. Only 16 commenters expressed support for the proposed rule. The agencies received 156 comments in support of the intent of the rule, but not the specific require-ments and procedures proposed. The final rule, published in December of 2016, made a few modifications, in-cluding the addition of a waiver proc-ess, subject to approval by the Sec-retary, from some of the joint planning requirements if an area can dem-onstrate suitable coordination. Despite the changes made by the agencies in the final rule, strong opposition to the rule continues. Earlier this month, Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed testified before the Sub-committee on Highways and Transit on implementation of the FAST Act. His written testimony, submitted on behalf of the U.S. Conference of Mayors, states: ‘‘The outgoing administration proposed a new rule on MPO designa-tions that created unreasonable bur-dens for a number of regions, and we thank you, Mr. Chairman, and this committee for acting on legislation to remedy this.’’ Repeal of this rule is supported also by the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials, the Association of Metropolitan Plan-ning Organizations, and the National Association of Regional Councils. Last month, the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee passed H.R. 1346, an identical bill to S. 496, by voice vote. H.R. 1346, introduced by the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. L
IPINSKI ), is a bipartisan bill with 29 cosponsors. S. 496 stops the controversial changes I have described from going into effect. The bill does not preclude the adminis-tration from pursuing changes in the future, through a new notice and com-ment rulemaking, to improve the plan-ning process by strengthening the co-ordination of MPOs and States. Mr. Speaker, I support this legisla-tion, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Speak-er, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this important legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in sup-port of S. 496, which is the first and likely only legislation striking an Obama Administration era rule or regulation outright that I will be supporting this Congress. From when I first learned of the rule last year, I have had strong concerns about the United States Department of Transportation’s (DOT) proposal on Metropolitan Planning Or-ganization Coordination and Planning Area Reform. Planning was a top priority of one of my predecessors in the United States House of Representatives, former Public Works Com-mittee Chairman Bob Roe. In the Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act (ISTEA) of 1991, the Congress overhauled the plan-ning process and gave tremendous authority to local Metropolitan Planning Organizations (MPO). The process works well in Northern New Jersey, where the North Jersey Trans-portation Planning Authority (NJTPA) plays an important role advancing regional projects that provides an important opportunity for local communities to offer meaningful input. I joined my colleague, Mr. S
IRES, in a letter last summer expressing concerns with the draft rule and requesting that the comment pe-riod be extended. I appreciate the DOTs end goal: to make planning more efficient, more comprehensible to stakeholders and the public, and more fo-cused on projects that address critical regional needs. However, in a rush to judgment and ig-noring the concerns of many comments from across the county, the DOT finalized a well-in-tended, but misguided rule. Specifically, I ob-ject to the severity of its reconstruction of the planning processes, practices, and under-standings that have been in effect for MPOs for decades, and the ability for the public to comment. Most concerning to me is that the rule could require the redrawing of Metropolitan Planning Areas (MPAs) and require Urbanized Areas (UZAs) to have a common MPO or common Transportation Improvement Plan (TIP). For densely populated regions like Northern New Jersey, the proposed rule would reduce local decision-making by either forcing MPO con-solidation or requiring a burdensome multi-re-gion single long-term TIP that could weaken local input. The NJTPA region covering my district already includes 6.7 million people and its TIP is over $2 Billion—adding any more to their plate would be unwieldy. We just need to witness the dysfunction at the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey to know that man-dating New Jersey to undertake transportation planning with New York City and New York State in this way would be a recipe for dis-aster. I thank my colleagues for advancing this bill, look forward to this rule being put back on the shelf, and hope DOT can come up with some-thing less burdensome in their quest to reform transportation planning processes. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. LEWIS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 496. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Speak-er, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
AVIATION EMPLOYEE SCREENING AND SECURITY ENHANCEMENT ACT OF 2017 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 876) to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to reform programs of the Transportation Security Admin-istration, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 876 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Aviation Employee Screening and Security Enhance-ment Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
DMINISTRATION .—The term ‘‘Adminis-tration’’ means the Transportation Security Administration. (2) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration. (3) A
IR CARRIER .—The term ‘‘air carrier’’ has the meaning given such term in section 40102 of title 49, United States Code. (4) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. (5) F
OREIGN AIR CARRIER .—The term ‘‘for-eign air carrier’’ has the meaning given such 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25AP7.022 H25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2826 April 25, 2017 
term in section 40102 of title 49, United States Code. (6) I
NTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY .—The term ‘‘intelligence community’’ has the meaning given such term in section 3(4) of the Na-tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)). (7) S
ECURED AREA .—The term ‘‘secured area’’ has the meaning given such term in section 1540.5 of title 49, Code of Federal Reg-ulations. (8) S
ECURITY IDENTIFICATION DISPLAY  
AREA .—The term ‘‘Security Identification Display Area’’ has the meaning given such term in section 1540.5 of title 49, Code of Fed-eral Regulations. (9) S
TERILE AREA .—The term ‘‘sterile area’’ has the meaning given such term in section 1540.5 of title 49, Code of Federal Regula-tions. 
SEC. 3. COST AND FEASIBILITY STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator, in consultation with the Aviation Security Advisory Committee (es-tablished under section 44946 of title 49, United States Code), shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees and the Comptroller General of the United States a cost and feasibility study of a statistically significant number of Category I, II, III, IV, and X airports assessing the impact if all employee access points from non-secured areas to secured areas of such airports are comprised of the following: (1) A secure door utilizing card and pin entry or biometric technology. (2) Surveillance video recording, capable of storing video data for at least 30 days. (3) Advanced screening technologies, in-cluding at least one of the following: (A) Magnetometer (walk-through or hand- held). (B) Explosives detection canines. (C) Explosives trace detection swabbing. (D) Advanced imaging technology. (E) X-ray bag screening technology. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The study required under subsection (a) shall include information re-lated to the employee screening costs of those category I, II, III, IV, and X airports which have already implemented practices of screening 100 percent of employees accessing secured areas of airports, including the fol-lowing: (1) Costs associated with establishing an operational minimum number of employee entry and exit points. (2) A comparison of estimated costs and ef-fectiveness associated with implementing the security features specified in subsection (a) to— (A) the Federal Government; and (B) airports and the aviation community. (c) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL ASSESSMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Upon completion of the study required under subsection (a), the Comptroller General of the United States shall review such study to assess the quality and reliability of such study. (2) A
SSESSMENT .—Not later than 60 days after the receipt of the study required under subsection (a), the Comptroller General of the United States shall report to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate on the results of the review required under paragraph (1). 
SEC. 4. AIRPORT WORKER EDUCATION AND SE-CURITY AWARENESS. 
(a) C OOPERATIVE EFFORTS TO ENHANCE AIR-
PORT SECURITY AWARENESS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall work with air carriers, foreign air carriers, airport op-erators, labor unions representing credentialed employees, and the Aviation Se-curity Advisory Committee to enhance secu-rity awareness of credentialed airport popu-lations regarding insider threats to aviation security and best practices related to airport access controls. (b) CREDENTIALING STANDARDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall, in consultation with air carriers, foreign air carriers, airport operators, labor unions representing credentialed employees, and the Aviation Se-curity Advisory Committee, assess credentialing standards, policies, and prac-tices to ensure that insider threats to avia-tion security are adequately addressed. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 30 days after completion of the assessment required under paragraph (1), the Administrator shall report to the appropriate congressional committees on the results of such assessment. (c) SIDA A
PPLICATIONS .— (1) S
OCIAL SECURITY NUMBERS REQUIRED .— Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall require airport operators to submit the social security number of an individual ap-plying for a credential granting access to the Security Identification Display Area to strengthen security vetting effectiveness. An applicant who does not provide such appli-cant’s social security number may be denied such a credential. (2) S
CREENING NOTICE .—The Administrator shall issue requirements for airport opera-tors to include in applications for access to a Security Identification Display Area a no-tice informing applicants that an employee holding a credential granting access to a Se-curity Identification Display Area may be screened at any time while gaining access to, working in, or leaving a Security Identifica-tion Display Area. 
SEC. 5. SECURING AIRPORT WORKER ACCESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator shall work with airport operators and the Avia-tion Security Advisory Committee to iden-tify advanced technologies, including bio-metric identification technologies, for secur-ing employee access to the secured areas and sterile areas of airports. (b) R
APBACKVETTING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall ensure that all credentialed aviation worker populations currently requiring a fingerprint-based criminal record history check are continu-ously vetted through the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s Rap Back Service, in order to more rapidly detect and mitigate insider threats to aviation security. (c) I
NSIDER THREAT EDUCATION AND MITIGA -
TION.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator shall identify means of enhancing the Administration’s ability to leverage the re-sources of the Department of Homeland Se-curity and the intelligence community to educate Administration personnel on insider threats to aviation security and how the Ad-ministration can better mitigate such in-sider threats. (d) P
LAYBOOK OPERATIONS .—The Adminis-trator shall ensure that Administration-led employee physical inspection efforts of avia-tion workers, known as Playbook operations, are targeted, strategic, and focused on pro-viding the greatest level of security effec-tiveness. (e) C
OVERT TESTING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall conduct covert testing of Administration-led employee inspection operations at airports and measure existing levels of security effec-tiveness. The Administrator shall provide— (A) the results of such testing to the air-port operator for the airport that is the sub-ject of any such testing, and, as appropriate, to air carriers and foreign air carriers that operate at the airport that is the subject of such testing; and (B) recommendations and technical assist-ance for air carriers, foreign air carriers, and airport operators to conduct their own em-ployee inspections, as needed. (2) ANNUAL REPORTING .—The Administrator shall annually, for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022, submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees a report on the fre-quency, methodology, strategy, and effec-tiveness of employee inspection operations at airports. (f) C
ENTRALIZED DATABASE .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator, in consultation with the Aviation Security Advisory Com-mittee, shall— (1) establish a national database of individ-uals who have had either their airport or air-port operator-issued badge revoked for fail-ure to comply with aviation security re-quirements; (2) determine the appropriate reporting mechanisms for air carriers, foreign air car-riers, and airport operators to— (A) submit to the Administration data re-garding individuals described in paragraph (1); and (B) access the database established pursu-ant to such paragraph; and (3) establish a process to allow individuals whose names were mistakenly entered into such database to correct the record and have their names removed from such database. 
SEC. 6. INSIDER THREAT COORDINATION EF-FORTS. 
The Department of Homeland Security is the lead interagency coordinator pertaining to insider threat investigations and mitiga-tion efforts at airports. The Department shall make every practicable effort to co-ordinate with other relevant Government en-tities, as well as the security representatives of air carriers, foreign air carriers, and air-port operators, as appropriate, when under-taking such investigations and efforts. 
SEC. 7. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SECURITY. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a plan to conduct recur-ring reviews of the operational, technical, and management security controls for Ad-ministration information technology sys-tems at airports. 
SEC. 8. NO ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED. 
No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act. Such re-quirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) and the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25AP7.007 H25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2827 April 25, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 876, the Aviation Em-ployee Screening and Security En-hancement Act of 2017, which seeks to implement findings from a multiyear investigation into the insider threat facing our Nation’s airports. This bi-partisan legislation will help mitigate an increasingly disturbing threat to safety of the traveling public. Mr. Speaker, as chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security’s Subcommittee on Transportation and Protective Security, it is my duty to understand and respond to the ever- changing threat landscape facing our Nation’s aviation sector, which is a critical component to both America’s economic and national security. In February of this year, we released a telling report on airport insider threats, which painted a disturbing pic-ture of security vulnerabilities and gaps in screening and access controls at airports across the country. Just 3 days after the release of our report, news broke of a massive drug smug-gling ring between Puerto Rico and the continental United States involving both TSA and airport employees. This network of criminals exploited their access to secure areas of airports to smuggle an astounding 20 tons—or $100 million worth—of cocaine into the United States and into our own com-munities. Another concerning example uncov-ered in our investigation throughout last Congress was when an airport em-ployee offered to smuggle explosives on a passenger aircraft. Luckily, this indi-vidual was caught in a drug trafficking ring by the FBI and was arrested. How-ever, we have seen multiple examples of aviation workers with access to se-cure areas of airports being involved in serious criminal activities, including terror plotting, after being radicalized. We cannot allow these lapses in secu-rity to continue placing the traveling public at risk, and we must continue to work together like my brother across the aisle, Mr. P
AYNE , with our partners in security in the aviation sector and at the Transportation Security Admin-istration. After a number of insider threat-related attacks at airports over-seas, along with plots here in the United States, it is essential that we act on this legislation. This bill, if enacted, will enhance em-ployee vetting requirements, improve procedures governing the way airports issue security credentials, and reform TSA’s employee screening operations to be more targeted and effective. It will also provide policymakers with critical, previously unavailable data relating to the cost and feasibility of providing full employee screening at all domestic airports. The insider threat is real, and it is our duty to ensure the Federal Govern-ment is taking every step possible to keep the traveling public safe. I would like to extend my sincere gratitude to the ranking member of the subcommittee, my friend and col-league, Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , for her shared leadership on this issue. I would also like to thank the chairman of the full committee, Mr. M
CCAUL, for shep-herding this legislation through the committee. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, April 25, 2017. Hon. M
ICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN MCCAUL: I am writing with respect to H.R. 876, the ‘‘Aviation Employee Screening and Security Enhancement Act of 2017.’’ This bill contains provisions within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Ways and Means. The Committee on Ways and Means will not seek a sequential referral on H.R. 876 so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. This is done with the understanding that the jurisdic-tional interests of the Committee on Ways and Means over this and similar legislation are in no way diminished or altered. In addi-tion, the Committee reserves the right to seek conferees on H.R. 876 and requests your support when such a request is made. I would appreciate your response con-firming this understanding with respect to H.R. 876 and ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during consideration of the bill on the House floor. Sincerely, K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, April 25, 2017. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN BRADY : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 876, the ‘‘Aviation Employee Screening and Security Enhance-ment Act of 2017.’’ I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, under-stand that the Committee on Ways and Means will not seek a sequential referral of the bill. The Committee on Homeland Security con-curs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration on this bill at this time, the Committee on Ways and Means does not waive any jurisdiction over the sub-ject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support a request by the Committee on Ways and Means for conferees on those provisions within your jurisdiction. I will insert copies of this exchange in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 876, the Aviation Employee Screening and Security Enhancement Act for 2017. Mr. Speaker, last month, the Trans-portation Security Administration issued a directive prohibiting travelers flying out of 10 airports in eight coun-tries from carrying laptops and other large electronic devices aboard air-planes. That decision was informed by intelligence that ISIS and other ter-rorist organizations may have devel-oped innovative ways to plant explo-sives in electronic devices that TSA may not be able to detect. This swift action highlights the importance of TSA’s being able to adapt quickly in response to the ever-evolving terrorist threat landscape. Here, in the United States, we have been fortunate that there has never been a case where an airport worker has exploited their position to carry out a deadly attack on an airport, but we have seen such incidents abroad. Accordingly, Congress has given par-ticular attention to the airport insider threat risk, and, in the 114th Congress, we enacted measures to enhance access controls at airports and improve secu-rity vetting for airport workers. b1715 Today, we consider H.R. 876, a bill that seeks to address this risk by re-quiring TSA to carry out a cost and feasibility study of incorporating new approaches to bolster access controls to a diverse range of airports. In an effort to help airports better understand the effectiveness of their current airport worker screening sys-tems, the measure also directs TSA to increase covert testing of such sys-tems. One feature of the bill that I want to highlight is a provision targeted at fos-tering greater vigilance and awareness among airport workers regarding the insider threat risk. Specifically, it directs TSA to work with airport operators, air carriers, and unions to develop insider threat se-curity awareness training for airport workers within 180 days of enactment of the bill. H.R. 876, which was introduced in February and approved by the full com-mittee in March, has bipartisan sup-port, including the support of Rep-resentative BONNIE WATSON COLEMAN , the top-ranking Democrat on the Homeland Security Committee’s Transportation Security Sub-committee. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of H.R. 876, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I echo the sentiment of my colleague, Mr. P
AYNE . He is spot on in his discussion about the vulnerabili-ties that have been highlighted over-seas that can easily come our way if we don’t act on this bill. I applaud his comments and thank him for those. This issue is critical to the safety of traveling Americans. We must act today to close every known security gap. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25AP7.024 H25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2828 April 25, 2017 
the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 876, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
HOMELAND SECURITY FOR CHILDREN ACT Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1372) to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to ensure that the needs of children are considered in homeland security planning, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1372 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Homeland Security for Children Act’’. 
SEC. 2. RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE UNDER SEC-RETARY FOR STRATEGY, POLICY, AND PLANS. 
Paragraph (6) of section 709(c) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 349(c)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, including feedback from organizations representing the needs of children,’’ after ‘‘stakeholder feedback’’. 
SEC. 3. TECHNICAL EXPERT AUTHORIZED. 
Paragraph (2) of section 503(b) of the Home-land Security Act (6 U.S.C. 313(b)) is amend-ed— (1) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (H), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(I) identify and integrate the needs of children into activities to prepare for, pro-tect against, respond to, recover from, and mitigate against the risk of natural disas-ters, acts of terrorism, and other manmade disasters, including catastrophic incidents, including by appointing a technical expert, who may consult with relevant outside orga-nizations and experts, as necessary, to co-ordinate such integration, as necessary.’’. 
SEC. 4. REPORT. 
Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act and annually thereafter for five years, the Under Sec-retary for Strategy, Policy, and Plans of the Department of Homeland Security shall sub-mit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate a report de-scribing the efforts the Department has un-dertaken to review and incorporate feedback from organizations representing the needs of children into Department policy in accord-ance with paragraph (6) of section 709(c) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (as added by section 2 of this Act), including informa-tion on the following: (1) The designation of any individual re-sponsible for carrying out such paragraph (6). (2) Any review, formal or informal, of De-partment policies, programs, or activities to assess the suitability of such policies, pro-grams, or activities for children and where feedback from organizations representing the needs of children should be reviewed and incorporated. (3) Any review, change, modification, or promulgation of Department policies, pro-grams, or activities to ensure that such poli-cies, programs, or activities are appropriate for children. (4) Coordination with organizations or ex-perts outside the Department pursuant to such paragraph (6) conducted to inform any such review, change, modification, or pro-mulgation of such policies, programs, or ac-tivities. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. D
ONOVAN ) and the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include any extraneous ma-terials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1372, the Homeland Security for Children Act. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, there are about 74 million children in the United States, and while we are constantly making progress to achieve national resilience in the face of the next emergency, we must continue to ensure special consideration is made to integrate emergency planning at the Department of Homeland Security that addresses the unique needs of children when emergencies arise. I want to thank Mr. P
AYNE for introducing H.R. 1372, which will ensure such consider-ation is made. Recently, the Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications held a series of hearings focused on the progress and the future of achieving national pre-paredness in the face of events like Hurricane Katrina and Superstorm Sandy. Among the child safety efforts made in the last 10 years, FEMA cre-ated the National Emergency Child Lo-cator Center within the National Cen-ter for Missing & Exploited Children to ensure the swift reunification of chil-dren should a major emergency dis-place communities. Mr. Speaker, I know this personally, having been an elected official on Stat-en Island during the tragedy in lower Manhattan in September of 2001. All three bridges from Staten Island to New Jersey were closed, the Verrazano- Narrows Bridge was closed, and ferry service was stopped from Staten Island to Manhattan. We had many of our residents stuck at work in Manhattan. Their children were on Staten Island and could not be reached when being released from school. I know Mr. PAYNE can comment on this as well, but I just want to publicly thank him, because I experienced that myself. The subcommittee heard from weath-er-tested first responders who, among other important issues, stressed the importance of integrating the needs of children into emergency planning, re-minding us that, after all, children are not just mini-adults. While DHS and FEMA have taken steps to elevate the safety of our most important populations, DHS can still do more to ensure Department policies, programs, and activities to prepare for, protect against, respond to, recover from, and mitigate against disasters, and also consider the needs of children throughout our impacted communities. By authorizing a children’s needs technical expert at FEMA, as H.R. 1372 seeks to do, we can make certain that the needs of children are integrated into emergency preparedness, protec-tion, response, recovery, and mitiga-tion activities. Further, H.R. 1372 will require DHS’s Office of Strategy, Policy, and Plans to appropriately consider the needs of children throughout Departmental ac-tivities and report such efforts to Con-gress. H.R. 1372 provides peace of mind that the future of our most treasured assets, our children, are safe in the face of emergencies. Additionally, the Con-gressional Budget Office estimates that this legislation would not have a sig-nificant impact on the Federal budget. I want to thank Chairman S
HUSTER  of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and Chairman B
ARLETTA of the Transportation and Infrastructure’s Subcommittee on Eco-nomic Development, Public Buildings, and Emergency Management for work-ing with the Committee on Homeland Security to see that this legislation re-ceives timely consideration on the House floor. As chairman of the Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications, I am committed to ensuring FEMA has resources at its disposal to meet its mission of safe-guarding a more resilient nation. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my fellow Members to join me in supporting this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  I
NFRASTRUCTURE , HOUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, March 10, 2017. Hon. M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: I write con-cerning H.R. 1372, the ‘‘Homeland Security for Children Act.’’ This legislation includes matters that fall within the Rule X jurisdic-tion of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. In order to expedite Floor consideration of H.R. 1372, the Committee on Transportation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25AP7.027 H25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2829 April 25, 2017 
and Infrastructure will forgo action on this bill. However, this is conditional on our mu-tual understanding that forgoing consider-ation of the bill does not prejudice the Com-mittee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation that fall within the Committee’s Rule X jurisdiction. I re-quest you urge the Speaker to name mem-bers of the Committee to any conference committee named to consider such provi-sions. Please place a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest in the Congressional Record during House Floor consideration of the bill. I look forward to working with the Committee on Homeland Security as the bill moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, March 16, 2017. Hon. B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN SHUSTER : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 1372, the ‘‘Home-land Security for Children Act’’. I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation be-fore the House of Representatives, and ac-cordingly, understand that the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure will waive further consideration of the bill. The Committee on Homeland Security con-curs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing a action on this bill at this time, the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addi-tion, should a conference on this bill be nec-essary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure represented on the conference committee. I will insert copies of this exchange in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor, I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security. 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1372, the Homeland Security for Children Act. Mr. Speaker, children are not tiny adults, as was stated, but too often that is how the Federal policy treats them when there is not a deliberate ef-fort to do otherwise. The Department of Homeland Secu-rity, through its components, interacts with children regularly, and its policies have a direct impact on them. That is why I introduced H.R. 1372, the Home-land Security for Children Act. H.R. 1372 would make integrating the unique needs of children a priority at the Department of Homeland Security. The bill directs the DHS Under Sec-retary for Strategy, Policy, and Plans to solicit and incorporate feedback from children’s organizations into De-partment-wide policies and activities. Additionally, H.R. 1372 would for-mally authorize the existing children’s technical expert position at the Fed-eral Emergency Management Agency. The position was established by former Administrator Fugate in response to a March 2015 recommendation by the FEMA National Advisory Council. At the time, the National Advisory Council had concluded that FEMA had made progress integrating the unique needs of children into disaster plans since Hurricane Katrina, despite the fact that it did not have a technical lead to emphasize and address chil-dren’s issues. As a result, State and local governments and emergency managers were unaware of guidance re-lated to children’s needs at the State and local level, leaving children vul-nerable. According to Save the Children, 80 percent of the National Commission on Children and Disasters’ recommenda-tions from 2010 still remain open. Whatever progress has been made in in-tegrating the needs of children in dis-asters, it is clear there is still work left to be done. H.R. 1372 will ensure FEMA and DHS has the expertise necessary to do its part to ensure the unique needs of chil-dren are integrated into relevant ac-tivities, plans, and policies. The legislation has been endorsed by Save the Children, and former Admin-istrator Fugate has said he supports ef-forts to authorize the children’s needs technical expert at FEMA. Mr. Speaker, the Homeland Security for Children Act is commonsense, bi-partisan legislation that will ensure that the needs of the most vulnerable among us are adequately integrated into homeland security and disaster policies planning. I would like to just state, Mr. Speak-er, that this bill has been a long time coming. I was just reminded of its im-portance by a program that I watched on television the other day about the tornadoes in Oklahoma, where we lost 7 children in a school building that fell. It showed the disarray in the rest of the parents being able to be reunited with their children. This is a timely bill. Before I yield back, I would like to thank Transportation and Infrastruc-ture Committee Chairman S
HUSTER  and Ranking Member D
EFAZIO for agreeing to exchange letters to expe-dite consideration of H.R. 1372 on the floor. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1372, as amended, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. D
ONOVAN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1372, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
b1730 U.S. WANTS TO COMPETE FOR A WORLD EXPO ACT Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 534) to require the Secretary of State to take such actions as may be necessary for the United States to rejoin the Bureau of Inter-national Expositions, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 534 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘U.S. Wants to Compete for a World Expo Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) The Bureau of International Expo-sitions (BIE) is the organization responsible for governing World Fairs and International Expositions. (2) Section 1(a) of Public Law 91–269 (22 U.S.C. 2801(a)) found that ‘‘international ex-positions . . . have a significant impact on the economic growth of the region sur-rounding the exposition and . . . are impor-tant instruments of national policy’’. (3) The United States has not been an ac-tive member of the BIE since 2001. (4) State and local governments and pri-vate entities in the United States have con-tinued to participate in international expo-sitions held in foreign countries as a means of promoting United States exports and cre-ating jobs, but face significantly higher costs for such participation because the United States is not an active member. (5) State and local governments and pri-vate entities in the United States have ex-pressed interest in an international expo-sition being hosted in the United States, but the bid of a United States city, region, or State to host an international exposition is unlikely to be successful if the United States is not a member of the BIE. 
SEC. 3. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the United States should rejoin the BIE immediately to promote domestic job cre-ation, global branding, and tourism to the United States; (2) the Secretary of State, in partnership with the Secretary of Commerce, State and local governments, and private and non-prof-it entities, should take all necessary steps to facilitate the timely submission of a request to rejoin the BIE; and (3) funding for the participation of the United States in international expositions or other events facilitated by the BIE should continue to be privately solicited and sourced, in accordance with existing law. 
SEC. 4. AUTHORIZATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of State is authorized to take such actions as the Sec-retary determines necessary for the United States to rejoin and maintain membership in the BIE. (b) A
UTHORIZATION TO ACCEPT PRIVATE CON-
TRIBUTIONS .—In addition to funds otherwise available to the Secretary to carry out this section, the Secretary is authorized to ac-cept contributions for such purpose. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25AP7.020 H25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2830 April 25, 2017 
(c) N OTIFICATION .—The Secretary of State shall notify the Committees on Foreign Af-fairs and Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committees on Foreign Relations and Appropriations of the Senate upon taking any action under subsection (a). 
SEC. 5. CONTINUATION OF PROHIBITION ON USE OF FEDERAL FUNDS FOR WORLD’S FAIR PAVILIONS AND EXHIBITS. 
Nothing in this Act may be construed to authorize any obligation or expenditure pro-hibited by section 204 of the Admiral James W. Nance and Meg Donovan Foreign Rela-tions Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 2000 and 2001 (22 U.S.C. 2452b) (relating to limita-tions on the obligation or expenditure of funds by the Department of State for a United States pavilion or exhibit at an inter-national exposition or world’s fair registered by the BIE). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gentle-woman from California (Ms. B
ASS) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 534, the U.S. Wants to Compete for a World Expo Act. As always, I appreciate the assist-ance of the ranking member, Mr. E
NGEL , in expediting this legislation. I would like to commend two of our body here, Mr. T
OMEMMER and Ms. B ETTY  M
CCOLLUM . We thank them and their Minnesota colleagues for their leader-ship on this issue. Mr. Speaker, this bill will enable American citizens and our businesses and State and local governments to once again compete on an even footing against foreign countries to host a World Expo here in the United States. It does so by authorizing the Secretary of State to take those steps necessary to rejoin the Bureau of International Expositions. This BIE, as it is called, is the organization that governs World Expos, and it determines which cities get to host such an event. The United States originally joined the BIE back in 1928, but it withdrew from active membership in 2001. Unfor-tunately, the rules of the BIE make it virtually impossible for bids from non-member nations to compete against bids from member nations. This bill will revise this. It will reverse the longstanding position, and we can lend our support to a recent surge of Amer-ican interest in once again hosting a World Expo in the United States. Citizens from Minnesota have devel-oped a comprehensive bid and are ac-tively competing against cities in Ar-gentina and Poland to host the 2023 World Expo, but since these countries are BIE members, the U.S. must rejoin the BIE in order for Minnesota to com-pete on an even playing field when the BIE makes its recommendations to the selection committee in May. It is not just Minnesota that is inter-ested in this. At least five other U.S. States and cities are actively exploring hosting a World Expo in the future, in-cluding Los Angeles and San Francisco from my home State of California. These cities know that World Expos create American jobs. They promote American exports. They enhance the image of America around the world. In-deed, in November, the Departments of Commerce and State submitted reports to the President certifying that the Minnesota proposal was in the national interest of the United States and had guaranteed financial support from State, from local, from private, and other sources. Members should know that U.S. law requires that the cost of hosting or participating in a World Expo be fund-ed entirely by private donors. This bill does not change that. In fact, it reaf-firms that requirement. This bill also specifically authorizes the Department of State to accept private contribu-tions in order to cover any costs asso-ciated with rejoining the organization. Indeed, the organizers of Minnesota’s 2023 Expo bid have committed to do just that. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 534 in order to once again give the American people the op-portunity to host a World Expo here in the United States. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise in strong support of the U.S. Wants to Compete for a World Expo Act. Let me thank our chairman, E
D R
OYCE , for his leadership of the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. I also want to thank my colleagues from Min-nesota, Ms. M
CCOLLUM and Mr. E MMER , for their hard work on this measure. World Fairs and World Expos explore and bring millions of people together from around the globe. They drive bil-lions of dollars of investment to host cities, and they provide a forum for working toward new and creative solu-tions to serious problems. Across more than a century, these Expos have given us some of the world’s most iconic ar-chitecture: the Golden Gate Bridge, the Space Needle, and the Eiffel Tower. They have brought together world leaders and experts to discuss topics ranging from nutrition to the future of energy. The last Expo held in the United States was in 1984, and Minnesota is a potential candidate to host the 2023 World Expo. This Expo could bring in about 12 million visitors and $4 billion of revenue to Minnesota and connect the public and private sector to discuss Wellness and Well-Being for All. Mr. Speaker, we are at a grave dis-advantage in competing for this event. In 2001, at the direction of Congress, the State Department withdrew from numerous international associations, including the Bureau of International Expositions, or BIE. Then-Secretary of State Colin Powell warned that this ac-tion could force the U.S. to pay a high-er fee for participation and decrease the chance of an American city being selected as a host city. We are currently facing these con-sequences. As a nonmember of the BIE, the United States faces significantly higher costs to participate in expo-sitions and will also face substantial barriers in hosting since preference is given to member nations. Mr. Speaker, the remedy is simple. We must rejoin the BIE. Private sector companies have shown interest in pay-ing membership dues, so rejoining the BIE would not be an additional burden to taxpayers. Hosting the World Expo would in-crease revenue and tourism to Min-nesota and the U.S. generally, put us at the forefront of international discus-sion on health, and increase our chances to hold specialized and World Expos in the future. I am proud of the hard work that has gone into this by my colleagues. I am glad once again that we are working in a bipartisan manner to pass legislation that ad-vances our interests. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I include in the RECORD two letters of support for this bill. One is from the administration, and the other is from ExpoUSA, the United States World’s Fairs Council. 
UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF STATE , Washington, DC, April 24, 2017. Hon. E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : The Department of State appreciates Congress’ interest in fa-cilitating the bids of states to host inter-national expositions. Not only do such events potentially generate considerable eco-nomic benefits but they also create ideal op-portunities for showcasing American com-mercial capabilities to interested inter-national audiences. This is consistent with the President’s policy to promote domestic job growth and American innovation. As the Bureau of International Expositions (BIE) is the international organization re-sponsible for selecting venues offered by bid-ders, the chances of U.S. bidders being se-lected would be greatly enhanced if the U.S. were to renew and maintain its membership in the BIE. H.R. 534, the ‘‘U.S. Wants to Compete for a World Expo Act’’, as amended, would provide the needed permissive author-ity for the Secretary of State to do so. Further, the Department greatly appre-ciates the efforts of Congress to ensure the bill is consistent with similar authoriza-tions. Insofar as BIE has advised of the need for United States membership to be renewed by May 12, 2017, to ensure timely consider-ation of the Minnesota Expo 2023 bid, the De-partment urges that, if possible, the bill be passed quickly. This will enable the Depart-ment to take the necessary steps to renew membership, enhancing prospects that state bids to host upcoming expositions will pre-vail. With the U.S. membership within BIE, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25AP7.011 H25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2831 April 25, 2017 
costs for states to bid and host will be de-creased by half and provide long-term sav-ings for U.S. businesses interested in partici-pating in future expos, both domestically and internationally. Finally, expeditious renewal of United States membership in the BIE will return the United States to the decision-making body for future World’s Fairs and Expos, off-setting the growing influence of other coun-tries, such as China. The Office of Management and Budget has no objection to the views expressed in this letter. Thank you for your consideration in this matter. Sincerely, J
OSEPH E. M ACMANUS , Bureau of Legislative Affairs. 
EXPOUSA, T HEUNITED STATES  W
ORLD ’SFAIRS COUNCIL , April 19, 2017. Hon. E
DROYCE , Chairman, House Foreign Affairs Committee, Washington, DC. Hon. E
LIOT ENGEL , Ranking Member, House Foreign Affairs Com-mittee, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN ROYCE AND RANKING MEM-
BERENGEL : On behalf of ExpoUSA and Min-nesota’s World’s Fair Bid Committee, we write in support of The U.S. Wants to Com-pete for a World Expo Act (H.R. 534). This bill authorizes the United States to rejoin Bureau of International Exhibitions (BIE), the organization that coordinates World’s Fairs, also known as Expos. Renewing mem-bership in the BIE will promote public diplo-macy, U.S. exports and travel and tourism. It will also ensure that U.S. cities wanting to host Expos will have that opportunity to compete against cities around the world. H.R. 534 has gained bipartisan and national support. While the U.S. has not hosted a World’s Fair in more than 30 years, there’s been a surge of local interest over the past few years. Houston, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Las Vegas, and Philadelphia have actively considered bidding for future Expos, and the U.S. Government gave official support for Minnesota’s bid to host a World’s Fair in 2023 focused on health and wellness. After passing a rigorous review by the United States Com-merce Department, State Department, and the White House, the State Department for-mally recommended Minnesota’s bid to the BIE. Minnesota will now compete against Buenos Aires, Argentina and Lodz, Poland. Voting will take place at the BIE General Council meeting in November 2017. Under current rules, the BIE is required to discriminate against bids from non-member countries if there are competing proposals from member countries. Since Argentina and Poland are BIE members, the U.S. must re-join the BIE in order for Minnesota to com-pete against these foreign bidders when the BIE makes its recommendations to the se-lection committee in May. Therefore, Con-gress must pass legislation authorizing the Secretary of State to rejoin the BIE by May 13, 2017 in order for Minnesota’s bid to be via-ble. Expos held in the U.S. are local initiatives that are funded entirely by the private sec-tor; therefore no taxpayer money will be used to pay for Expo 2023. Additionally, if Congress acts to rejoin the BIE, ExpoUSA stands ready to pay the costs of BIE mem-bership with private sector funds, including membership dues both past and current, in order to save money by reducing fees and to give Minnesota and the U.S. a renewed voice in the BIE. World’s Fairs are the largest gatherings held on the planet, generating billions of dol-lars in economic activity for the region and country in which they are held. Expo 2023 will attract 12 million visitors, generating 22,000 jobs in the upper Midwest region, pay-ing an annual wage of $47,000, and another 18,000 jobs nationwide in the tourism, travel, and hospitality sectors. Total economic im-pact in the Twin Cities metropolitan area will be $1.4 billion. International visitor spending will total $581 million, and on aver-age will stay 6 days in Minnesota and an-other 5 days in other locations around the United States. We ask for your support in expeditiously moving legislation authorizing the United States to rejoin the BIE. Thank you for consideration of our request and for your interest in helping cities like Minneapolis/St. Paul bid on future World’s Fairs. Sincerely, MARKRITCHIE , President and CEO, Minnesota World’s Fair Bid Committee, Board Member, ExpoUSA. M
ANUEL DELGADO , Chairman, ExpoUSA. 
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
MMER ). He is the author of this bill. He has worked very hard preparing this legislation for pas-sage. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. I thank Chairman E
DROYCE , Ranking Member E
NGEL as well, and the entire staff on the Committee on Foreign Affairs for working to get this important legisla-tion to the floor today. Mr. Speaker, when many Americans look back in our Nation’s history, they remember the iconic nature of the 1962 World’s Fair in Seattle or the 1939 and 1964 World’s Fairs in New York. Those events highlighted the best the United States had to offer in science, tech-nology, and innovation, all while bring-ing visitors and revenue to this great country. While the United States remains a global leader in these fields, our coun-try has been noticeably absent over the past three decades when it comes to hosting a World’s Fair. In fact, New Or-leans was the last city in the United States to host a World’s Fair in 1984. But it is time for that to change and to bring this incredible event back to our great country. Thankfully, in recent years there has been an upsurge of local interest in hosting a World’s Fair. Exploratory committees in Houston, Los Angeles, Las Vegas, Minneapolis, Philadelphia, and San Francisco are actively consid-ering bidding to host a future World’s Fair. Currently, my home State of Minnesota is competing against Argen-tina and Poland to do just that, with the goal of hosting the 2023 World Expo. However, under the current rules, the Bureau of International Ex-positions will not give bids submitted by a nonmember country the same con-sideration as those from a country who is a member of the organization. For those of you who may not know, the Bureau of International Expo-sitions is the intergovernmental orga-nization in charge of overseeing and regulating World Expos. Despite being one of the founding members in 1928, the United States has not been a mem-ber since 2001. The U.S. must renew its membership so Minneapolis and every city across the country can have an op-portunity to host a World’s Fair. That is why I have introduced and I am happy to see H.R. 534 under consid-eration before the House today. The U.S. Wants to Compete for a World Expo Act provides the Secretary of State with the authority to rejoin the Bureau of International Expositions so that U.S. cities can compete against foreign cities to host a World Expo. The 6-month World Expo, held every 5 years, can draw millions of visitors and generate billions of dollars in tourism, construction, and other job-creating economic activity, all while promoting exports of U.S. products around the world. In Minnesota’s case, a 2016 economic analysis conducted by Rockport Ana-lytics found that hosting the 2023 World Expo will attract 12 million visi-tors, create almost 22,000 jobs, yield $185.3 million in State and local tax revenue, and generate $1.5 billion in total economic benefits. This legisla-tion also has safeguards for protecting taxpayers and ensuring proper use of funds. Recognizing the difficult fiscal climate our country currently faces, H.R. 534 authorizes the use of private funds to pay outstanding as well as fu-ture membership dues. It also main-tains taxpayer safeguards which pro-hibit tax dollars from being used to fund a United States pavilion or ex-hibit at an international exposition or World’s Fair. By approving this legislation today, we will give American cities the ability to compete with other cities around the world to host future Expos and World’s Fairs where we can showcase American innovation and success while continuing to be wise stewards of the taxpayers’ hard-earned dollars. Again, I thank Chairman R
OYCE and Ranking Member E
NGEL in helping bring this legislation to the floor today. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this legis-lation, and I look forward to bringing the next World’s Fair back to the United States. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. World Expos are designed to show-case a nation’s products, the tech-nology, the innovative spirit. And what nation on Earth produces more innova-tive products and technology than the United States or has a better or more skilled workforce? Simply put, when Americans com-pete in the world on an even footing, America wins. It is therefore in our in-terest to once again compete to host a World Expo. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25AP7.017 H25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2832 April 25, 2017 
This bill does that by empowering our fellow citizens to mount competi-tive private bids to bring a World Expo to the U.S., and it does so while main-taining a sound legal requirement that participation in Expos continue to be privately funded. It goes further to per-mit private funding for the relatively modest cost to rejoin the BIE. That is why this measure has the support of Members from both parties and the ad-ministration, which has written that H.R. 534 is consistent with the Presi-dent’s policy to promote domestic job growth and American innovation. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this measure and give our fellow Americans the chance to compete and win a World Expo for America. I again thank the bill’s committed sponsors, Representatives T
OMEMMER and B ETTY  M
CCOLLUM . I want to give a special thanks to Sean O’Neill, a detailee on my staff, whose skill and dedication have made today’s consideration of this measure possible. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 534, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b1745 RELATING TO EFFORTS TO RE-SPOND TO THE FAMINE IN SOUTH SUDAN Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 187) re-lating to efforts to respond to the fam-ine in South Sudan, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The text of the resolution is as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 187 Whereas on February 20, 2017, famine was formally declared in parts of South Sudan; Whereas South Sudan is the world’s newest nation and for the past three years has expe-rienced an ongoing armed conflict and the deliberate hindrance by the Government of South Sudan of humanitarian access to op-position communities in need; Whereas due to this deliberate action on the part of the Government of South Sudan and the armed opposition to prolong the con-flict South Sudan is experiencing a ‘‘man- made’’ famine currently affecting 100,000 people; Whereas according to the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) food insecurity is already prevalent in South Sudan and the ongoing conflict is exacerbating the situation; Whereas the United Nations has reported that 4,900,000 people, over 40 percent of the population, are in urgent need of food, agri-culture, and nutritional assistance; Whereas there are 1,900,000 Internally Dis-placed Persons (IDPs) residing in South Sudan and according to the United Nations High Commission for Refugees (UNHCR) an average of approximately 2,400 South Suda-nese refugees arrive in Uganda every day; Whereas 1,000,000 children in South Sudan are suffering from malnutrition in part due to the deliberate actions of the Government of South Sudan, at the same time according to United Nations International Children’s Emergency Fund (UNICEF) there are more than 17,000 child soldiers forced into combat; Whereas an anticipated 5,500,000 people are at risk for starvation by mid-year and with-out urgent humanitarian intervention civil-ians will continue to die from acute mal-nutrition and millions more will remain at risk; Whereas failure to act prior to the upcom-ing rainy season May to August, will further impede humanitarian efforts; Whereas the areas where famine has been declared have seen some of the most intense fighting; Whereas USAID has been a leading pro-vider of humanitarian support to South Sudan, including more than 620,000 tons of life-saving food assistance since the conflict broke out in 2013; and Whereas support provided by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Na-tions (FAO), UNICEF, and the World Food Program have been critical in reducing the number of civilians at risk of severe mal-nutrition: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the House of Representa-tives— (1) it is the sense of the House of Rep-resentatives that— (A) the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development should continue to provide immediate and robust assistance to respond to the famine in South Sudan by providing food and other es-sential resources and to collaborate with international relief organizations, such as World Food Program and others in an effort to reach vulnerable populations; and (B) the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development should be encouraged to continue to provide desperately needed and locally appropriate food aid through the Food for Peace and Emergency Food Security Programs; and (2) the House of Representatives— (A) calls upon the Government of South Sudan to declare and observe a cessation of hostilities to allow food and essential sup-plies to reach affected civilians; (B) urges specifically that the Government of South Sudan allow immediate and unre-stricted humanitarian access to southern Unity, where the famine is currently under-way; (C) condemns all threats and violence against civilian populations and aid workers, including the over 70 humanitarian aid work-ers killed since the conflict began and the brutal attack by the South Sudanese mili-tary on humanitarian aid workers, including Americans, at the Terrain Camp in July 2016; (D) condemns the multiple instances in which security forces have looted humani-tarian assistance destined for civilians in need; and (E) supports effort of the United States Government, working with partners in the international community, including the United Nations, the African Union, and the European Union, to facilitate humanitarian access to affected areas, and encourages greater diplomatic pressure on the parties to return to the negotiation table to stop the violence, and to allow full humanitarian ac-cess. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentle-woman from California (Ms. B
ASS) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, in July of 2011, all of us here celebrated the establishment of the world’s newest nation. Finally, South Sudan had emerged after more than 20 years of brutal suppression by the government in Khartoum and a war that saw some of the worst human rights atrocities of our time. They emerged out of that. Tragically, though, the celebration was short-lived. By December of 2013, a long-simmering rivalry between two leaders—South Sudan’s ethnic Dinka President and ethnic Nuer Vice Presi-dent—exploded in violence, and South Sudan became embroiled in yet an-other deadly civil conflict. Today, over 100,000 people are starv-ing to death; 5.5 million people—half of the population—are at risk of starving by July; and 3.6 million people have been displaced by conflict and famine with 7,000 newly displaced South Suda-nese crossing the Ugandan border each and every week. In February, famine was declared in two of the areas that have experienced the heaviest fighting. Let’s be clear: the famine unfolding across South Sudan is completely man-made. The leaders who have unleashed this horror upon the citizens that they are meant to represent—Salva Kiir and Riek Machar—have plundered billions of dollars in oil revenues and donor in-vestment, manipulated ethnic tensions, and armed proxy militias. They have, as we can share with you, recruited child soldiers, killed U.N. peacekeeping forces, and forcibly displaced millions of their citizens—civilians who have been run from their homes. Lifesaving humanitarian supplies have been looted by the government and by the opposition. The government has blocked humanitarian access through bureaucratic manipulation and through sheer brute force. Humani-tarian workers have been deliberately targeted. They have been abused, raped, and murdered with impunity. Yes, humanitarian workers. South Sudan is now the most dangerous place in the world for humanitarians. It is also the most dangerous place for their own citizens because they are treated the same way by these two so- called leaders. And those South Sudan leaders have, in effect, become exactly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25AP7.033 H25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2833 April 25, 2017 
like the government in Khartoum that their people fought against for decades. This is appalling. This is unconscion-able. It cannot stand. Congress, work-ing with our Ambassador to the United Nations, Nikki Haley, and many other concerned countries, must make sure those who bear responsibility for this calamity are held to account through sanctions and other tools. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentle-woman from California (Ms. B
ASS), the ranking member of the Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations Sub-committee, for introducing this timely and important resolution, which seeks to bring attention to the humanitarian catastrophe unfolding in South Sudan, because in South Sudan it gets worse by the day. It has not mattered what arguments we have brought to bear against the President and the Vice President. Many world leaders and many of us have had these arguments face-to-face. This resolution makes clear that the U.S. Agency for International Develop-ment should have the flexibility to tai-lor their response by using market- based food aid where appropriate, and U.S. commodities where needed. We need to ensure that food is not being used as a weapon in this civil war, and flexible food aid can help. I urge all Members to join me in sup-porting this resolution and, more im-portantly, in continuing to dem-onstrate the compassion of the Amer-ican people through lifesaving humani-tarian assistance. Deep, arbitrary cuts to U.S. humanitarian assistance pro-grams at a time when we are facing famine in four countries beset by vio-lence—including countries where we are fighting designated terrorist groups—would be reckless and irre-sponsible. Millions of lives are hanging in the balance. It is in the U.S. interest to respond in South Sudan, just as it is in these other countries. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my strong support for H. Res. 187, Relating to Efforts to Respond to the Famine in South Sudan, as amended, which passed out of the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee, and has received bipartisan support. As always, Mr. Speaker, I thank and appreciate the leadership of Chairman R
OYCE , Chairman S MITH, and Ranking Member E
NGEL . The United Nations has declared what is going on now in four countries as potentially the worse humanitarian crisis since the U.N. was formed in 1945. Famine has been declared in one coun-try, and three others are at risk of famine. Famine might be averted in Somalia if the rains come. In Nigeria and Yemen, famine might be averted if the world acts in time. But South Sudan, which is the world’s newest nation, is currently ex-periencing famine. The United Nations defines famine as meaning over 20 per-cent of the population has access to only 2,100 calories per day. Thirty per-cent of children are malnourished. And 2 to 4 people die per day because of lack of food. Tragically, South Sudan meets all three conditions. Over the years, the U.S. has played a leadership role in the region. The U.S. has helped South Sudan throughout their struggle for independence, and has tried to help the world’s newest na-tion over the last several years before and during the conflict. The tragedy is the people of South Sudan are in the midst of a famine, not because of a drought or other natural disaster, but because of ongoing con-flict. There is heavy responsibility on all sides of the fighting. There is no in-nocent party here. In South Sudan, the U.N. has re-ported roughly 5 million people who are in urgent need of food and nutri-tional assistance. There are almost 2 million internally displaced persons in camps in South Sudan, and 2,400 South Sudanese refugees arrive in Uganda every single day. If the world does not act, 5 million people will be at risk for starvation by mid-2017. Without urging humanitarian intervention, more civilians will con-tinue to die from acute malnutrition, and millions more will remain at risk. If we fail to act prior to the upcom-ing rainy season, which is May to Au-gust, this will create additional prob-lems that will further impede humani-tarian efforts. Unfortunately, the areas where famine has been declared have also seen some of the most intense fighting. The amendment to H. Res. 187 calls for USAID to continue providing des-perately needed and locally appro-priate food aid through the Food for Peace and Emergency Food Security Programs, and calls on the Govern-ment of South Sudan to declare and ob-serve a cessation of hostilities to allow food and essential supplies to reach af-fected civilians. The resolution urges the Government of South Sudan to allow immediate and unrestricted humanitarian access to the southern unity region, where the famine is currently underway. The amendment also condemns all threats and violence against civilian populations and aid workers, including over 70 humanitarian aid workers that have been killed since the conflict began. The resolution condemns the brutal attack by the South Sudanese military on humanitarian aid workers, includ-ing Americans at the Terrain Camp in July of last year. The resolution condemns the mul-tiple instances in which security forces have looted humanitarian assistance destined for civilians in need, and sup-ports the effort of the U.S. Government working with partners in the inter-national community, including the U.N., the African Union, and the Euro-pean Union, to facilitate humanitarian access to affected areas, and encour-ages greater diplomatic pressure on the parties to return to the negotiation table to stop the violence and to allow full humanitarian access. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Sub-committee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished chairman for yielding and for his lead-ership. I especially thank my good friend and colleague, Ms. B
ASS, for this resolution. Mr. Speaker, last August, my staff director Greg Simpkins and I visited Juba, South Sudan, to press President Salva Kiir, his Vice President, the min-ister of defense, and five of his top gen-erals to end the civil war, protect inno-cent lives, and reverse the conditions causing rampant disease and severe malnutrition that could soon lead to a famine. Mr. Speaker, just 2 months ago, fam-ine was formally declared in South Sudan. I especially asked President Kiir to personally intervene and issue and enforce an executive order of zero tolerance on rape and sexual abuse by his soldiers and security personnel against mostly humanitarian aid work-ers and civilians. I told the President that it was unconscionable in the ex-treme that South Sudanese soldiers had raped, beaten, and murdered hu-manitarian aid workers in July at the Terrain compound. One of those work-ers that was sexually assaulted, as it turned out, was from my own district. I didn’t know until 3 days before leav-ing on that trip that she was in the compound and came close to being raped and it was the intervention of other forces that precluded her from suffering that horrible trauma, but she was, indeed, severely traumatized. I asked him for a review to hold peo-ple to account and put them in prison— yes, there have been arrests, but there have been no prosecutions yet—and, again, to issue a zero tolerance policy. On March 28, I chaired a hearing on the famine and the growing crisis in South Sudan, which is also being chaired by some of the other neigh-boring countries in the region. Matt Nims, the acting director of the Office of Food for Peace testified that for 3 years the international commu-nity has employed massive efforts to stave off famine in South Sudan. Yet, as conflict intensified, the food secu-rity situation continued to deteriorate. And he said: 
This is a man-made crisis and the direct consequence of prolonged conflict. 
Ken Isaacs, the vice president of Sa-maritan’s Purse—and Samaritan’s Purse has an extensive footprint in South Sudan doing unbelievably great humanitarian work—testified: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25AP7.036 H25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2834 April 25, 2017 
The most significant driver of the current crisis in the worst hit areas of South Sudan, however, is the political insecurity and bru-tal conflict that continues to engulf the re-gion. In South Sudan alone, 1.85 million peo-ple have been internally displaced because. Because of this, many people are calling this a man-made famine, and it is hard to argue with that assessment. 
Today, the United Nations reports that two-thirds of South Sudan’s popu-lation requires humanitarian assist-ance, and almost 5 million people— more than 40 percent of the popu-lation—are in urgent need of food, agri-culture, and nutritional assistance. Clearly, the Government of South Sudan and the rebels they face are more interested in winning and holding territory than in finding ways to feed and nurture their people and allow hu-manitarian access. Two months ago, there were 70 humanitarian-access inci-dents reported, causing suspension of operations in multiple locations. Aid workers are being targeted in South Sudan, where eight Samaritan’s Purse workers were kidnapped and later re-leased in February, and six African aid workers in South Sudan were killed in March. Stephen O’Brien, the head of the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humani-tarian Affairs, accused South Sudan’s Government of blocking foods and medicines and restricting U.N. peace-keepers from protecting civilians. He described active hostility, access deni-als, and bureaucratic impediments to humanitarian organizations serving that beleaguered nation. This is a man-made crisis. This resolution puts us on record and, again, encourages our ad-ministration and the world to do more to end it. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. C
ROWLEY ), my good friend and Democratic Caucus chairman. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding to me. I want to recognize the bipartisan sup-port for this resolution. It heartens me. I know of the great work of the gentle-woman from California (Ms. B
ASS) for quite some time, as well as others on the other side of the aisle, on this issue. She, along with the Sudan Caucus, the Africa Subcommittee, and the CBC Africa Task Force have been working every day in a very tenacious way to draw attention to this issue and de-mand a strong international response. b1800 Mr. Speaker, there is no doubt that this is a crisis. I agree with my col-league and friend from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH): it is a manmade crisis. The United Nations is reporting that the current situation in a number of countries in Africa and the Middle East constitutes the most serious humani-tarian crisis since its founding over 70 years ago. In South Sudan alone, 100,000 people are in a state of famine as we speak, and up to 5 million more are in serious danger of being in fam-ine. These are men, women, and chil-dren who are in danger of not having enough food and water. The simple fact is, without inter-national aid and assistance, people will die—many people will die. But it doesn’t have to be this way. The world is smart enough and resourceful enough to ensure that the worst of this tragedy can be prevented before the situation gets further out of hand, but it is going to take a full-court press by this administration, by the State De-partment, and by the international community. I grew up in Queens, New York, in an Irish-American family. At an early age, I learned of the Great Hunger in Ire-land that killed more than 1 million people and forced more than 2 million more to flee. Those Irish didn’t have to die just because a potato crop went bad. In Ireland at the time, food was actu-ally being exported out of Ireland while people starved. So it was starvation not only because of food loss, but also because of politics and repression— very much the same situation that ex-ists in parts of Africa and in Yemen— and only politics could ultimately change the underlying conditions in Ireland. Now, we need both aid and political pressure to help stop this famine and all of the ongoing famines now. So I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this legislation. I urge that the State Department: Seize the bull by the horns and take action. Don’t let history look back on America and say: Why did you not do enough while millions starved? Let history re-flect the goodness of the heart of the American people, which I know exists. To this day, the people of Ireland re-member the sultans from the then- Ottoman Empire that helped. They re-member the Choctaw Nation, who gave $700 during the 1840s to help the starv-ing Irish. Let America be that shining country in the future when Africa looks back and says: Who was there to help? Let it be America. That is the American way. Working with our allies, America will succeed in preventing this famine if we move expeditiously. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PAYNE ). Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, 100,000 peo-ple in South Sudan are at risk of star-vation. Turmoil in the country could push another 5.5 million people into life-threatening hunger by summer. This hunger crisis in Sudan is man-made, the result of a civil war that has decimated the agriculture and de-stroyed the economy, and it will take humanitarian action to fix it. I am proud to be a cosponsor of H. Res. 187, introduced by Congresswoman K
AREN BASS. This resolution aids the people of South Sudan by increasing emergency assistance to address the famine, and it calls on the Government of South Sudan to allow unrestricted humanitarian access to displaced and starving populations. I urge my colleagues to pass this res-olution. It is essential that the South Sudanese Government and opposition forces cease their inhumane blocking of humanitarian workers and permit the delivery of assistance to the South Sudanese. Millions of lives are at stake. As my late father, Donald Payne, the Member in this seat prior to me, fought for this Nation to exist over a decade of work here in the Congress, to now see what is going on, he was able to get the situation in Darfur labeled a genocide. I hope the next generation of Paynes does not have to do the same thing in South Sudan. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE), my good friend and colleague and the chair of the Nigeria Caucus. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished lady for her commitment and this very important resolution, and the opportunities to meet with her and advocate as she con-venes the South Sudan and Sudan Cau-cus and works as the ranking member on the Foreign Affairs Committee, Subcommittee on Africa, with our chairman, Mr. S
MITH; and, of course, I thank Mr. R
OYCE and Mr. E NGEL , lead-ing the full committee; and those who came to the floor, Mr. C
ROWLEY , and certainly Mr. P
AYNE , who has a legacy that he is holding in such high esteem by his own leadership. I was in South Sudan with the late Congressman Donald Payne as the right to return was implemented, and the individuals who were fleeing Sudan came with joy and tears. As they exited the buses that were bringing them in, they clearly were joyful. This was a homecoming. We look forward to a great recogni-tion of the assets and minerals and var-ious wealth that Sudan, South Sudan could have to help all of its people and even to try and help those still in Darfur even though in Sudan. We met with the then-President and Vice President, who have now turned it into an enormous conflict and rising up against each other and killing and causing people to flee. And so I want to congratulate Con-gresswoman B
ASSfor this resolution, for us to be on record relating to ef-forts to respond to the famine in South Sudan. And I take this moment just to read this story about a woman who is an example of what the fear and fright is: ‘‘By day, Mary Nyarac scours swamps for fish and edible water lilies. When darkness falls and South Sudan’s mili-tias retreat to their bases, she and hun-dreds of others fleeing a 3-year civil war slip onto dry land and tend crops to stave off famine. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25AP7.037 H25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2835 April 25, 2017 
‘‘Prowling hyenas pose a threat dur-ing Nyarac’s nighttime harvests, but they worry her less than the armed men who can appear in daytime, the 20- year-old said as she sat beneath neem trees in the northern county of Leer, one of two areas in South Sudan where the United Nations in February made the world’s first declaration of famine since 2011. She and other residents are facing a catastrophe that’s being echoed by looming mass food shortages in Somalia, Yemen, and northern Nige-ria.’’ This is devastating—an article in Bloomberg News—100,000 in those coun-ties, 5 million all throughout Sudan and South Sudan, but it is in all of Sub-Saharan Africa. So I believe that this resolution brings all of us together—Republicans and Democrats—and makes the state-ment of the United States House of Representatives, then on to the Senate, and then for the President to make the statement, as Congresswoman B
ASSso aptly states in this resolution, to let humanitarian aid come in. Let there be food that will reach those starving, and particularly the children, that are apt to die in this region. It is well-known, as well, that women are not treated in the way that they should be, and I look forward to work-ing with Congresswoman B
ASSon H.R. 48 that deals specifically with the rights of women and providing them with human rights and women’s par-ticipation in leadership. That is cer-tainly missing. But now people are starving, and so I would ask my colleagues to join me in supporting H. Res. 187, relating to ef-forts to respond to the famine in South Sudan and be reminded of Mary, who scours swamps for fish and edible water lilies, if at all possible, and fears the onslaught of violence during the day. They cannot live this way. They can only die this way. Mr. Speaker, support H. Res. 187 so that we can save lives. Mr. Speaker, as a member of the South Sudan Caucus, and the sponsor of H.R. 48, the ‘‘Equal Rights and Access for the Women of South Sudan Act,’’ I rise in strong support of H. Res. 187, a resolution directing the United States Agency for International Devel-opment (USAID) to increase emergency as-sistance to respond to the famine in South Sudan. On February 20, 2017 famine was declared formally in two counties of Unity State, which is located in the northern region of South Sudan. The United Nations currently estimates that more than 100,000 people in two Unity State counties are directly affected by the famine. In addition, food security experts are con-cerned that famine will spread. According to expert analyses, in the ab-sence of urgent humanitarian action, as many as 4.9 million South Sudanese, about 40 per-cent of the country’s population, face the grim and certain prospect of starvation. In 1998 the region suffered from a famine spurred by civil war and approximately 70,000 to several hundred thousand people died dur-ing that famine. Although South Sudan has previously expe-rienced wide-spread food insecurity, the present famine crisis is different because it is almost entirely man-made. South Sudan is the world’s newest nation, located in the center of Africa and bordered by six countries. It is rich in oil, but following decades of civil war it is also one of the least developed re-gions on earth—only 15% of its citizens own a mobile phone and there are very few tarmac roads in an area larger in land mass than Spain and Portugal combined. This makes the Nile River, which flows through regional centers, an important trans-port and trade route. Since South Sudan overwhelmingly voted to break away from Sudan in 2011, the govern-ment’s main concern has been to get oil flow-ing following disagreements with the regime in Khartoum. There have been a few small armed rebel-lions, border clashes and deadly cattle feuds but these have all taken place far from the capital city of Juba. Signs of friction within the governing party, Sudan People’s Liberation Movement (SPLM), came when President Salva Kiir, an ethnic Dinka, the country’s largest group, fired his deputy Riek Machar, who is from the second largest tribe, the Nuer. President Kiir believes Mr. Machar was be-hind a coup plot to oust him and seize power. Mr. Machar denies the accusations, but has publicly criticized Mr. Kiir for failing to tackle corruption and vowed to challenge President Kiir for leadership of the SPLM. It is not clear what led to the breach in their relationship but what started out as a political squabble has escalated into ethnic violence. The loyalties of the South Sudan army are divided with each of the principals com-manding significant military support and forces loyal to each man have clashed around the country. And some of the most intense fighting has taken place in areas where famine is most se-vere. Compounding matters, Mr. Speaker, South Sudan is awash with guns after decades of conflict and there is a history of ethnic tension for politicians to exploit if they believe that could help them gain, or remain in, power. It is against this backdrop that USAID is co-ordinating proactively and closely with the United Nations, the African Union, the Euro-pean Union, and others to address South Su-dan’s food insecurity. Complicating this situation is the fact that while the Government of South Sudan has re-portedly promised access to the most at-risk areas, humanitarian organizations remain un-able to provide vital food, water and shelter in many locations. Mr. Speaker, the actions of South Sudan Government in prohibiting humanitarian assist-ance from getting to starving communities has undermined the most proactive attempts by the United States and others to address what has now become a famine. H. Res. 187 calls on South Sudan’s leaders to put their petty disputes aside and to put the well-being of their people first. The resolution condemns all threats and vio-lence against civilian populations and aid workers, including the over 70 humanitarian aid workers killed since the conflict began and the brutal attack by the South Sudanese mili-tary on humanitarian aid workers, including Americans, at the Terrain Camp in July 2016. In addition, H. Res. 187 expresses support for the efforts of the United States Govern-ment, working with partners in the international community, including the United Nations, the African Union, and the European Union, to fa-cilitate humanitarian access to affected areas, and encourages greater diplomatic pressure on the parties to return to the negotiation table to stop the violence, and to allow full humani-tarian access to displaced and starving popu-lations, and to cease violations of humani-tarian principles. Finally, Mr. Speaker, let me conclude by ob-serving that while bringing an end to the civil war and humanitarian relief the famine-strick-en in South Sudan must be our first order of business, it is also very important to note that all of us who worked to secure its independ-ence want the country to succeed and be-come a productive and constructive member of the community of nations. That is why I have reintroduced the ‘‘Equal Rights and Access for the Women of South Sudan Act’’ (H.R. 48), which promotes the human rights of women in South Sudan as the country transitions to a long-term government and to ensure women enjoy the right to partici-pate fully in the political and economic life of the country. Despite its newly won independence women in South Sudan continue to face brutal viola-tions of their human rights. A lack of infrastructure as well as gender in-equality has the potential to regress much of the progress that has been made in South Sudan. Such a lack of human development factors only furthers the marginalization of women in South Sudan: 1. Inadequate health care has resulted in high maternal and infant mortality rates in South Sudan; the maternal mortality rate is one of the highest in the world with 1,054 deaths per 100,000 live births. 2. Additionally, literacy rates for women are staggeringly low; over 80% of women and girls in South Sudan are illiterate. 3. The violence stemming from the conflict has led some traders to suspend their market presence resulting in food commodity price in-creases as much as 30 percent in high-conflict regions. The ‘‘Equal Rights and Access for the Women of South Sudan Act’’ puts equal rights and access for the women of South Sudan at the forefront by: 1. Encouraging the appointment of women to high level positions within Republic of South Sudan Government; 2. Ensuring that a significant portion of United States development, humanitarian, and relief assistance is channeled to local and United States-based South Sudanese organi-zations, particularly South Sudanese women’s organizations; 3. Providing long-term financial assistance for primary, secondary, higher, nontraditional, and vocational education for South Sudanese girls, women, boys, and men; 4. Providing financial assistance to build health infrastructure and deliver high-quality comprehensive health care programs, includ-ing primary, maternal, child, reproductive, and mental health care; 5. Requiring military training regarding the protection, rights, and particular needs of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K25AP7.039 H25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2836 April 25, 2017 
women and emphasizing that violations of women’s rights are intolerable and should be prosecuted; and 6. Taking all necessary steps to ensure that internally displaced South Sudanese women are directly receiving food aid, shelter, relief supplies, and other services from United States-sponsored programs. Mr. Speaker, as a nation, we should support the Republic of South Sudan in its efforts to become a freer, more equitable society that respects, supports, and endorses the rights of women. I look forward to working with Congress-woman B
ASS, the Ranking Member of the For-eign Affairs Subcommittee on Africa, members of the South Sudan Caucus, and all Members of the House to pass the ‘‘Equal Rights and Access for the Women of South Sudan Act’’ and send it to the President’s desk for signa-ture. But before we can do that, we must end the man-made famine and alleviate the humani-tarian suffering now ongoing in South Sudan. That is why I strongly support H. Res. 187 and urge all Members to join me in voting for this important resolution. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. S
UOZZI ), my fellow colleague on the Foreign Affairs Committee. Mr. SUOZZI. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H. Res. 187, sponsored by my colleagues, Ranking Member B
ASSand Chairman S
MITH, and I applaud their and Chairman R
OYCE ’s and Ranking Member E
NGEL ’s continued bipartisan attention to this oft-neglected part of the world. South Sudan faces a famine of Bib-lical proportions which compels us to act. As the world’s newest country, South Sudan’s entry on the world stage has been fraught with disaster. A drought caused by climate change, which has become all too familiar in this part of the world, has, since De-cember 2013, been coupled with politi-cally and ethnically fueled violence which has destroyed the infrastructure as well as the economy. This has esca-lated drought into famine. Across the African Continent and the globe, climate change and extreme weather result in drought and the loss of farmland. Families are forced to leave their homes in the countryside to seek work in the cities. The work is not there. Incompetent and/or corrupt governments fail to address the needs, and civil unrest devolves into violence. Countries are destabilized. Here in South Sudan, the newness of the nation, the government’s efforts to stamp out civil unrest—especially from nonruling tribes—and military forces let loose upon their fellow countrymen has resulted in death, destruction, and destabilization. With nearly 3.5 million people dis-placed and at least 50,000 dead, the international community, including the United States, has responded with humanitarian aid to try and address the potential for 5.5 million humans at risk for starvation by midyear. However, last month the U.N. re-ported 79 incidents of aid being either stolen or otherwise blocked. Eighty- two aid workers have been killed since the start of the conflict, and around half of those deaths have occurred in the last 2 years alone. Additionally, the upcoming rainy season will further impede delivery of humanitarian aid. For too many reasons, the hunger ex-ists. USAID is a leading provider of hu-manitarian aid, including more than 620,000 tons of food assistance since 2013. b1815 This resolution calls on the govern-ment of South Sudan to cease hos-tilities and allow aid to flow unre-stricted. In the Gospel of Matthew, Jesus teaches: ‘‘I was hungry, and you fed me. Lord, when did we see you hungry and feed you? Truly I tell you, what-ever you did for the least of my broth-ers, you did for me.’’ In an effort to both stabilize the re-gion and to feed those dying of hunger, I strongly urge my colleagues to sup-port H. Res. 187. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I have no more speakers. I propose to close. Mr. Speaker, this crisis can be stopped in its tracks. There is no need for millions to die. The world needs to step up as it did in the Ebola crisis. The U.S. needs to continue to lead. Our contribution is vital and is based on the size of our economy and the fact that other countries who are not as for-tunate contribute in different ways. But the entire world should and does participate. In 2011, 200,000 people had to die in Somalia before the world took notice and acted. This should never happen again. Mr. Speaker, I ask for an ‘‘aye’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, many of us knew Presi-dent John Garang who tragically died after many years of trying to secure freedom for the people of South Sudan, tragically died in a helicopter crash. He was the father of his country. He was also one who always championed peaceful coexistence among the tribes in South Sudan. He was very different than obviously the current competing warlords for that position. I had worked with D
ONPAYNE ’Sfa-ther. D
ONPAYNE , JR., spoke of this issue of the genocide resolution. We passed that resolution through this House together. As a matter of fact, we brought it before the Human Rights Council. D
ONPAYNE and I traveled up to New York to raise this issue. What is shocking to us about the cur-rent circumstances in South Sudan is the effort being undertaken by the world community in order to try to step in and provide some measure of peace. Of course, we have talked today about what has happened to the people of South Sudan, what has happened to our own aid workers there. But if we reflect for a minute that Rwandans have lost their lives there, when we were dealing with this geno-cide issue in Sudan, we took Don Cheadle, the actor who portrayed Paul Rusesabagina, who was also with us on that trip. We went into Sudan in order to docu-ment the genocide that was going on, to speak to some of the survivors. We brought in a Nightline camera crew. Yes, we have, in this case, brought the world community along to a cer-tain extent. But here is part of the tragedy: those Rwandan peacekeepers were slaughtered in South Sudan. So were Chinese peacekeepers. So were In-dian and Kenyan and Fiji and Danish peacekeepers. So were Egyptian and Ethiopian and Bangladeshi peace-keepers. So were Benin and Burkina Faso, and Chad and Mongolia. So were peacekeepers from Nepal and Nigeria and Norway, and the Philippines and Pakistan. And this is the kind of attitude that we see from these warlords against their own people and against others who try to come in to keep the peace. And this is why, frankly, in addition to this resolution, it is time—and I know the support is there in the Secu-rity Council, I know now there is the support—to cut off the arms and the ammunition going in to South Sudan that helps fuel these warlords. We have heard the passion and dedi-cation of Congresswoman BASSof Cali-fornia. Of course, she has worked with Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, the chairman of the Subcommittee on Africa, to shine a light on this crisis. As always, I appreciate the assistance of Mr. E
NGEL , the ranking member. I share the anguish of my colleagues in seeing the aspirations of South Sudan citizens dashed by kleptocrats and warlords, certainly not in the tra-dition of John Garang, warlords bent on maintaining power at any cost. The blood of countless civilians is on their hands, and the people of South Sudan deserve better. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I would like to recognize the bravery and selfless-ness of the humanitarians who are working to save lives and bring an end to the suffering that has been imposed upon the people of South Sudan. I have personally met with humani-tarian workers who have been held at gunpoint, who have been threatened, who have been abused in the worst ways. I have met with people who have carried food and medicine on their backs through swamps because there were no roads. Without their commitment, without their sacrifice, countless lives would have now been lost. And while they don’t do this work for the accolades, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25AP7.018 H25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2837 April 25, 2017 
they deserve our recognition and thanks here tonight. I urge Members to join me in hon-oring them today by supporting this timely resolution. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H. Res. 187 and to express my growing alarm that we have millions around the globe on the verge of starvation despite the fact that we live in a world that produces more than enough food to feed all its inhab-itants. H. Res. 187 rightfully calls for the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) to continue to provide emergency relief (food and other essential resources) to those af-fected in South Sudan. It also calls on USAID to collaborate with international relief organiza-tions and others to ensure that aid gets where it is most needed. The resolution also con-demns violence and threats against aid work-ers assisting those in need and calls on the leaders of South Sudan to cease the fighting so that these resources may reach those who need them. This resolution focuses on the situation in South Sudan where 7.5 million are at immi-nent risk. But unfortunately, at least 20 million people around the world are facing severe food shortages as a result of below-average rainfall and conflict. That is equivalent to the populations of the States of Connecticut, Iowa, Utah, Mississippi, Arkansas, Nevada, Kansas, and New Mexico combined. And conflicts in South Sudan, Yemen Nigeria, and Somalia are making bad situations even worse. People are starving and we cannot stand by and watch. I implore my colleagues to support U.S. leadership and funding to address this dire situation. That’s what this resolution is about. The United States has the ability to save the lives of tens of millions of people and this resolution is crystal clear that we should do so. The U.S. cannot end these crises by itself. However, my conscious—and I hope that all of my colleagues would not be clear knowing that I could have done more as a Member of Congress to respond to the suffering and deaths of millions of innocent adults and chil-dren across the world facing starvation. This resolution and the recognition of the problem is a good start. I urge my colleagues to also support the inclusion of additional funding in the FY 2017 funding bill that we may consider this week to prevent widespread famine and cut off suffering from hunger as an obvious next step. It is also vital that we provide ade-quate resources in FY 2018 as well to save the lives of men, women and children. I want to thank my colleague, Congress-woman K
AREN BASS, for her leadership and focus on this issue as well as Congressman D
ONALD PAYNE , Jr. and Rep. C HRIS SMITH. I also want to thank the Chairman and Ranking Member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, Mr. R
OYCE and Mr. E NGEL for their leadership and efforts as well. Now is the time for the U.S. to illustrate its global leadership and act to save lives. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 187, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess for a pe-riod of less than 15 minutes. Accordingly (at 6 o’clock and 21 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1831 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee) at 6 o’clock and 31 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. SOTO. Madam Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 222. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, April 25, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy of the Certificate of Election received from the Honorable Kris W. Kobach, Secretary of State of Kansas, in-dicating that, at the Special Election held on April 11, 2017, the Honorable Ron Estes was duly elected Representative in Congress for the Fourth Congressional District, State of Kansas. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS, Clerk. SWEARING IN OF THE HONORABLE RON ESTES, OF KANSAS, AS A MEMBER OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER. Will Representative- elect Estes and the members of the Kansas delegation present themselves in the well. All Members will rise and the Rep-resentative-elect will please raise his right hand. Mr. ESTES appeared at the bar of the House and took the oath of office, as follows: 
Do you solemnly swear that you will sup-port and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that you will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that you take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that you will well and faithfully discharge the du-ties of the office on which you are about to enter, so help you God. 
The SPEAKER. Congratulations, you are now a Member of the 115th Con-gress. 
f 
WELCOMING THE HONORABLE RON ESTES TO THE HOUSE OF REP-RESENTATIVES The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. J
ENKINS ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I rise this evening to congratulate my good friend and our new House col-league, R
ONESTES. I have known R
ONand his wife, Susan, for many years. I can tell you, he is truly one of the nicest guys you will ever want to know. R
ONand I share a common bond, hav-ing served as State treasurers in Kan-sas, and I have watched him serve in that role well. With a nation $20 trillion in debt, it is always nice to add a fellow conserv-ative to Congress to help fix the debt and get our economy on the right fiscal track, which I know R
ONis committed to doing. He has dedicated his entire life to bold innovations and efficiency, re-form, and problem solving in both the public and the private sector. Kansans in the Fourth District can be proud of their new Congressman, and I look for-ward to working with Congressman R
ONESTES on behalf of Kansans. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. E
STES), our newest colleague. Mr. ESTES. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman J
ENKINS and our entire Kansas delegation, and thank you to all the Members for serving. I also want to thank my wife, Susan Estes, who is up in the gallery tonight. My mother, Lou Estes, is also up there, my son, Brent Estes, and my daughters, Laura Estes and Grace Estes. As you all know, you can’t run an election and you can’t serve without the support of family and friends, so I appreciate the effort that they put in on my behalf. I look forward to serving with you. This is an honor to be a pub-lic servant and to work with you in the Chamber. I want to mention that my back-ground, both in the private sector be-fore I was elected county treasurer and then State treasurer, was to focus on how to make things more efficient and how do we get things done. The mes-sage that came through in the election was that the voters in my district, like the voters in your district, want to see us accomplish things and want to get them done. I appreciate the time, I appreciate the opportunity, and I look forward to serving with you to accomplish things for our country. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, there has been a lot of talk lately about President Trump’s first 100 days in of-fice. The first 100 days of an administra-tion offer a chance to watch a new President turn proposed policy changes into reality. In southwestern Pennsyl-vania, we are seeing President Trump fulfill his pledge to end the war on coal, and we are seeing real change. For example, the very day that Presi-dent Trump signed legislation over-turning one of former President Obama’s anti-coal rules, a coal com-pany in Somerset County announced it would open a brand-new coal mine that will create at least 70 new middle class jobs. It would be great if President Trump can make it out to the mine’s grand opening ceremony scheduled for June 8. I have met with miners as their mines were closed during the previous administration, and I listened to their stories as they worried about their kids and paying their mortgages. It is a new day, Mr. Speaker, and I look forward to more employment op-portunities being created as we begin to roll back the job-killing regulations in Washington, D.C. 
f 
REJECT DANGEROUS CUTS (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, last week in Michigan, I toured the Bay Area Women’s Center, which provides emer-gency shelter and counseling to sur-vivors of domestic violence or sexual violence and their children. I toured the Women’s Center to get a better un-derstanding of their important work and see what they do and how they would be impacted by President Trump’s proposed budget cuts. Two-thirds of the Women’s Center’s budget comes from Federal grants through the Violence Against Women Act, one of the first bills I cosponsored. I saw it signed into law by President Obama. I am concerned that the cuts that President Trump has proposed would effectively eliminate the important lifesaving care and rescue this organi-zation provides to women, children, and others facing domestic violence. There are 15,000 citizens in mid-Michi-gan who could lose access to these life-saving, important services. What kind of country are we if we don’t provide this sort of support to our most vulnerable citizens at the mo-ment of their need? We need to reject these dangerous cuts. f 
GE’S ECONOMIC IMPACT IN NORTH CAROLINA (Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow, GE will hold its 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareowners in Asheville, North Caro-lina. The company will also be cele-brating its 125th anniversary. GE likes to hold its shareowners meeting in a different city each year to highlight the company’s strong pres-ence in communities across the United States. It certainly has significant business operations in North Carolina. GE supports nearly 18,000 jobs in the State between its direct employees and its suppliers. For every one GE job, three North Carolina jobs are sup-ported. The company also generates $7.2 billion in total production output per year in North Carolina, and com-pensates its employees more than twice the State average. GE makes this investment in our great State because it knows that the workers in North Carolina, especially those at the GE facility in West Jeffer-son, in the Fifth District, work hard and have a commitment to excellence. 
f 
AUTISM AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Autism Aware-ness Month. It is shocking to know that at least 1 in 68 children have been identified with autism spectrum disorder in the United States. My own family has been af-fected by this situation with my neph-ew Joshua, who is now 20 years old, a bright and energetic young man who is autistic. Mr. Speaker, early detection and treatment plans are crucial to the de-velopment of a child’s social, behav-ioral, and communications skills. As such, we must invest in the research of new interventions, provide support to families and caregivers, and fund pro-grams that assist those living with au-tism well into adulthood. Right now, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25AP7.050 H25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2841 April 25, 2017 
especially when they age into adult-hood, those resources are not there. Mr. Speaker, Sesame Street recently introduced a character with autism named Julia to teach audiences about inclusion. This month is part of a larg-er conversation about autism derived from a place of positivity. I am hopeful that Julia can help con-vey such a message to our youth, and I will continue supporting programs that help people with autism and their fami-lies by providing the tools they need to succeed. 
f 
CONGRATULATING WESLEY SO ON HIS CHESS CHAMPIONSHIP (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Wesley So of Minnetonka, Minnesota, who earlier this month became the United States chess champion. At 23 years of age, Wesley is already one of the world’s top chess grandmasters. In St. Louis, for the U.S. Chess Championship, Wesley So and his oppo-nent went into a playoff after a two- way tie for first place. In the two-game playoff, So won the first game handily and was able to force a draw in the sec-ond game with a perpetual check with his knight. He extended his no-loss streak to 67 games, one of the longest runs in the game’s history. Mr. Speaker, Wesley So has quickly made a name for himself in the world of chess since coming to America from the Philippines 5 years ago. He is now the world’s number two ranked player and is in prime position to play the world’s top player, Norway’s Magnus Carlsen. Congratulations to Wesley So on an impressive run of dominance. We will be cheering for him as he continues to work on becoming the first American chess grandmaster in more than 40 years. 
f 
AVOID GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN (Mr. CARBAJAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge this Congress to work to-gether to avoid a shutdown of the Fed-eral Government this week. We must pass a clean funding bill that Members from both parties can support, without any ideological riders. We cannot allow the American public and central coast families in my dis-trict to foot the bill resulting from par-tisan gridlock. A shutdown would mean disrupting economic growth and poten-tially triggering job losses across the country, as we experienced in the par-tisan 2013 shutdown. A shutdown damages both our econ-omy and national security. It is vital that this Congress put forward a clean funding resolution. It would be irre-sponsible for us to engage in partisan political games with the funding of our Federal Government. f 
HONORING NANCY LOMBARDO ON HER RETIREMENT (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratu-late Nancy Lombardo on her well-de-served retirement. Nancy is the executive officer for the Clearfield County League on Social Services in Pennsylvania’s Fifth Con-gressional District. For the past nearly 20 years, she has been instrumental in leading several programs that the league provides for the betterment of local communities. Nancy manages several programs, in-cluding Child Care Information Serv-ices of Clarion, Clearfield, and Jeffer-son Counties; Children First, which is a seminar for divorced parents to help cope with divorce and how it affects their children; Safe Haven, which pro-vides a safe meeting place for custodial parents to have their children visit with the noncustodial parent; as well as the Child and Adult Care Food Pro-gram. Nancy has given her time to numer-ous boards to advocate for children’s needs, day care services, child advo-cacy centers, children youth services, and more. She has been a valuable and dedicated leader to the league for many years, and she will be missed. On behalf of the Congress of the United States, I wish Nancy Lombardo all the best in her retirement. 
f 
EDUCATION FUNDING IN THE PRESIDENT’S BUDGET (Mrs. TORRES asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, our chil-dren are this Nation’s greatest asset. Our future is in their hands. We have to make sure that they have the tools they need to lead our country and tackle whatever challenges the future holds. This is why I was shocked the Presi-dent’s budget makes drastic cuts to education—cuts that will have the big-gest impact on kids who need our help the most. In my district, a quarter of our kids live in poverty, with parents working long hours and multiple jobs just to make ends meet. Yet President Trump wants to cut before- and afterschool programs, as well as over $4 million in programs to hire and train teachers and reduce class size. As this Congress crafts our budget, I ask my Republican colleagues to reject these cuts and to truly invest in our fu-ture. We will never make America great if we leave our kids behind. NATIONAL DONATE LIFE MONTH (Mr. COMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring awareness to April being National Donate Life Month. There are currently 117,992 people who need lifesaving organ transplants. Of those, there are nearly 1,000 Ken-tuckians on that list. To put it in per-spective, every 10 minutes, someone is added to that list. Despite advances in medicine, there continues to be a gap between supply and demand. On average, 22 people die each day while waiting for a trans-plant. Kentucky legislation passed in 2006 enabling its residents to have their wishes documented through the Ken-tucky Organ Donor Registry. By join-ing the registry, an individual’s wishes are documented electronically in a safe and secure database. Several States have also created their own registry. Ninety-five of Americans are in favor of being a donor, but only 54 percent are registered. This is why registering to be an organ donor is so important. Mr. Speaker, I would also like to rec-ognize my field representative, Amelia Wilson, who received a liver transplant in 2005, and is currently awaiting a sec-ond transplant. Amelia, my longtime friend and a fellow Monroe County na-tive, resides in Livingston County with her husband, Allen Wilson. After courageously undergoing her first transplant, Amelia has dedicated herself to advocating for organ dona-tion. We are lucky to have her serving the First District as our field rep-resentative. Beyond her service to Ken-tucky, her activism for this noble cause is what truly elevates her as an advocate, friend, and servant of the First District. During National Donate Life Month, I encourage everyone to remember the bravery and diligence of people like Amelia. This April, please consider the importance of donating life. 
f 
b1930 WE MUST AVOID A GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN (Mr. BEYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to urge my colleagues to do everything in our power to avoid a government shut-down. Federal workers protect our pub-lic health and environment, they de-liver our mail, they help our businesses and home buyers, and they keep us safe. Shutting down the government would suspend their paychecks, dam-age their morale, and shut off the es-sential services they provide. My friend, Mr. W
ITTMAN , and I have drafted legislation to protect the pay of Federal employees in case Congress and the White House fail to reach an agreement. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to cosponsor the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25AP7.052 H25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2842 April 25, 2017 
Federal Employee Retroactive Pay Fairness Act. This bill is unusual. Usually you do everything you can when you introduce a bill to get it passed. You work hard to get it written into law. But this bill, I will do everything I can to prevent it from being considered because, if it be-comes law, it means that Congress has failed and we have shut down our gov-ernment. Republicans hold the White House and both Chambers of the Congress, so what happens next is up to them. I hope my friends here will have nothing to do with the White House plan to hold hostage the budget agreement and payments to stabilize health insurance rates. I urge my colleagues to act swiftly and responsibly to work out a bipartisan funding bill and avoid a gov-ernment shutdown. 
f 
ESSENTIAL AIR SERVICE FUNDING CUTS (Mr. BERGMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise on behalf of communities across Michi-gan’s First District that depend on Es-sential Air Service funding for indus-try, mobility, and economic success. I believe that, when it comes to pro-tecting taxpayer dollars, we as Con-gress have a fiduciary responsibility to the American people. We owe it to them to evaluate what is working and what isn’t and make the appropriate adjustments. The Essential Air Service program is a great example of a program that is working, and I am proud to support it. EAS grants make it possible for 8 of the 10 airports in Michigan’s First Dis-trict to provide reliable air services, promote economic stability and job growth, and support a healthy tourism industry in the Upper Peninsula and throughout northern Michigan. The benefits that this program pro-vides to small towns and cities in Michigan and across the United States are well worth the investment, and I look forward to working with my col-leagues in Congress to ensure full Es-sential Air Service funding. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF SHARON GIESE (Mr. BIGGS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life of Sharon Giese. Sharon passed away unexpect-edly in Arizona last week, a few short days after the death of her husband, Burt. Sharon was a respected, admired, and cherished member of our community. She had a long history of promoting conservative principles, and everyone she touched will miss her steady voice. Sharon Giese was a steadfast icon of the conservative movement in Arizona and a former Republican National Committeewoman. Mr. Speaker, I pray that the family of Burt and Sharon will receive peace in remembering their lives of purpose and distinction. These two individuals made a difference for Arizona and for the causes they dedicated themselves to. Burt and Sharon left behind a won-derful legacy for their family, commu-nity, church, and State. Like Sharon, we do not have knowl-edge of the moment of our life’s final breath, but we are exhorted to run with endurance the race that is set before us. Sharon Giese ran her race with an abundance of endurance and inspired countless individuals around her. Her example will be celebrated and her loss mourned. f 
AUTISM SPEAKS OUT (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight to recognize the beginning of World Autism Month. I am wearing this blue pin to raise awareness for those impacted by autism around the country. There are over 70 million people with autism worldwide, with more children diagnosed each year than with AIDS, diabetes, and cancer combined. This disease impairs the ability for folks to communicate and socialize. This April, it is my goal to join forces with my House colleagues to recognize what has become the fastest growing serious de-velopmental disorder in the United States, one that early intervention can greatly help. On average, having a child with au-tism costs a family $60,000 per year, an expense that many families cannot af-ford but are left with no choice. School-based services provide vital education and developmental tools for children with autism, but what hap-pens when the schooldays are over? Once a child with autism reaches the age of 18, many families face a services cliff. They are no longer able to access the care they need. As we work to reform health care in this 115th Congress, we must ensure that individuals have access to the af-fordable treatment they need and im-prove the outcomes for youth who are transitioning out of the school system as well. Go to autismspeaks.org, and let’s deal with and work for quality of life improvements for these folks. I urge my House and Senate colleagues to do the same. 
f 
MAKE IT IN AMERICA The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 min-utes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, the good news is this will probably be about 15—maybe 20—minutes, but it is a subject that is very, very important to all of us. Actually, I am going to start on a slightly different subject, and that is what is wrong with this picture. A mas-ter sergeant at one of the air bases in the United States who has served for some almost 30 years, married the last 18 years to a young woman with three children. She attempted to return from deployment in the United Kingdom, had her passport removed, and she was deported to Mexico. Her children are in the United States. She served for 18 years alongside her husband as he built and maintained America’s fleet of spy planes. What is wrong with this picture, America, that a wife of a servicemem-ber who served for 18 years alongside her husband, a master sergeant, cannot come back into the United States be-cause of an error that was made years and years ago? We are going to follow this up. When our generals talk about taking care of their troops, may I suggest they also take care of their spouses. We have got work to do here. But the subject matter for tonight is a little different, although that issue is much on my mind. Some of you may have seen this on the news a month and a half ago. That is the Oroville Dam spillway. A maintenance problem not paid attention to over the years re-sulted in a massive failure of the spill-way and put 188,000 of my constituents and Mr. LAMALFA ’s constituents at risk. This is the Interstate 5 bridge in Washington State connecting the United States to Canada. It collapsed. We could put up pictures of other bridges in Minnesota, et cetera. What we are talking about tonight is infra-structure, not just about infrastruc-ture. The President wants a trillion- dollar infrastructure program, and we await his proposal. It would be good. We would put millions of Americans to work if we were to have that infra-structure program. But there is more to it than just in-frastructure. In the last 5-year trans-portation bill, I was successful in work-ing with other Members here to insert into that bill that at least 70 percent of the value in our transit systems be American made. So tonight’s subject matter is really about the failing infra-structure, but it is also about making it in America. This is a subject matter that, for 7 years, I have talked about on the floor here: Make It In America. Our Presi-dent wants to talk about this and, in fact, recently issued an executive order that says we ought to make it in Amer-ica. He instructed his administration, as few as they are, to make sure that, in every effort, the Buy American pro-visions be honored. That has not been the case in the past. What we need to do is make certain that we make it in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25AP7.054 H25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2843 April 25, 2017 
America, that we spend the American taxpayer money on American-made products. Let me give you an example of what it means when you actually do that—or maybe an example of what it means when you don’t do that. Now, Californians take great pride in their State. We have the Golden Gate Bridge. We have Yosemite. We have the great industries of southern Cali-fornia—the entertainment, the movie industries and the rest—and we have San Francisco. We also have major pol-icy problems. Make It In America: I want to give you two different exam-ples. The San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge, now completed. It is a beautiful bridge, and it replaces an old bridge that was built in the 1930s that was se-riously deficient. However, it was made with a large, large input of Chinese steel. It actually came in $3.9 billion over budget, but we did provide some 3,000 jobs in China, and we allowed the Chinese steel industry to build a new steel mill to be able to produce the very high-quality steel that was sup-posed to be in the bridge. However, the steel that they shipped wasn’t exactly high quality, the welds weren’t exactly good, and we wound up seriously over budget for that as well as other rea-sons. So maybe Californians don’t always have the position of taking pride in all that is done. This I take no pride in. This was a serious mistake by the State government, a serious mistake by the agency that ran and put this bridge into process. What would it mean if, for example, instead of trying to save 10 percent on the cost of steel, our Californian colleagues would have actually said, well, maybe those jobs should be in America and that new steel mill should be in America? Could have, should have, but it didn’t happen. Now, on the other side of the con-tinent we have New York. Now, we Californians don’t much like to talk about New York but, hey, here is some-thing to talk about. Here is something that really worked out well. It seems as though New York wanted a new bridge over the Hudson River, the new Tappan Zee Bridge in New York, and they made a decision: it was going to be built with American steel. Wow, what a noble thought. And all of that from New York, as opposed to California that said: Oh, let’s go with China. So what happened? The steel arrived. The steel was quality. The bridge was built, $3.9 billion, on budget, on time, and there was some 7,700-plus Amer-ican jobs. It makes a difference when you make it in America and when your tax dollars—State, local, and Federal— are spent on American-made equip-ment and supplies: American steel, American jobs, an American bridge. The Oakland Bay Bridge, San Fran-cisco-Oakland Bay Bridge: Chinese steel, Chinese jobs, over budget, bad quality, and the story is not a good one. So the issue of the day is: Buy Amer-ican. Yes, indeed, we should and we could. Let me give you an example of what happens. My Republican colleagues like to take on the bailout. They like to talk about how bad the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act was. It wasn’t bad. It was actually very good. It could have been better if there had been more infrastructure and more Buy Amer-ican, but there is one provision in the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act that really made a difference. b1945 It was for the Amtrak systems. Basi-cally, the systems here on the East Coast, the electrification. New loco-motives for the East Coast corridor. Wow. Some $700 million. I think it was 80, maybe 90 new locomotives to be built. American companies looked at this and said: We don’t build locomotives anymore. We certainly don’t build die-sel electric or all electric locomotives, so we will let this one go. Well, there is that German company called Siemens. They said: $700 million, 80 or so loco-motives. We have a manufacturing plant out in Sacramento, California. We make light rail cars out there and transit cars. You say: 100 percent American made? Everything from the electric motors to the brakes, to the wheels, to the paint, 100 percent American made? The German company said: We can do that. We could make it in America. And they did. The last train has been produced. This is the first train. Don’t tell me we can’t make it in America. Don’t tell me that our Amer-ican taxpayer dollars should be spent in China, Japan, or someplace else. No. Build it in America. Buy American. And we will put thousands—in fact, tens of thousands of people to work. I want to give you another example. The American maritime industry has been in a very steep decline for the last 4 decades. Following World War II, we had over 1,500 American ships. A dec-ade ago we had over 200 ships on the ocean. Our shipyards were making LNG tankers 20 years ago, and they were American flagged. There were Amer-ican mariners on those ships. Today, we have less than 80 American flag-ships, and we don’t make large com-mercial ships in the United States, ex-cept on rare occasions. The maritime industry is absolutely critical for national defense. How do you think our men, women, and equipment get to the troubled spots of the world? You don’t fly the M1 tank on an air-plane. You put it on a ship. You put the trucks on a ship. You put the artillery on a ship. But where are the American ships? Oh, I know. We will call China and they will deliver our goods to the South China Sea. I doubt it. I don’t think so. If you are concerned about national security, you had better be thinking about the American maritime indus-try. Are you thinking about it? Are you thinking what is really possible if we were to write 16 lines of law this year? It has to do with the export of two strategic national resources: oil and natural gas. Now operating in Texas is an LNG— liquefied natural gas—facility export-ing American natural gas. They liquefy it, put it on a ship, and off it goes to somewhere in the world like China. That is okay. It will take 100 or more LNG tank ships to meet the full export potential of that one facility when it comes fully on line. There are five other LNG ex-port facilities licensed in the United States, one which is being built near the Washington Capital, in Maryland. Perhaps 250—225 new liquefied nat-ural gas tank ships are going to be needed in the next decade or so. Are any of them to be built in Amer-ica? No, nada, none, unless we pass a piece of legislation that we call ener-gizing American shipbuilding. There are 16 lines of law that say it is a stra-tegic national security issue to be able to build commercial ships in the United States. The export of an equally strategic national asset—LNG and crude oil—should be on those ships. This is not new policy. When the North Slope of Alaska opened nearly 50 years ago, it was American steel in the pipeline, it was American ships that were taking that crude oil out of Valdez, Alaska. Over the years, we kind of forgot about that and the law disappeared. Now it is not American ships and not American sailors. We can do this. The energizing Amer-ican shipbuilding piece of legislation will be introduced this week. We have some 20 or more coauthors. We want to follow what our President says about: Buy American, build it in America. How many jobs are we talking about? Well over a couple hundred thousand in the shipyards. And if that bill passes as we have written it, that would re-quire that the engines, the compres-sors, the pumps, the anchors, and the electronic equipment be American made also. We are talking about a whole supply train throughout most every State and businesses that are as reflective as the American manufac-turing sector used to be. There is enormous potential in public policy that actually puts in place laws that build upon the strength of Amer-ica, strengthening our national secu-rity, and at the same time strength-ening a critical industry in America: the shipbuilding industry. And, of course, American ships will be American flagged with American mariners. This is a good thing for America. This is a very good thing for our na-tional security. It is a very good thing for jobs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25AP7.055 H25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2844 April 25, 2017 
For our taxpayers, what does it mean? Well, these are commercial ships, so no direct. However, if the American shipyards are able to reconstitute their ability to build large commercial ves-sels, they will also be able to compete for the naval vessels and begin to give America naval construction competi-tion in the shipyards. It is not a bad thing to have competition. That is one. Number two. For more than 3 dec-ades we have had the School Lunch Program, which is also the School Breakfast Program, which is a critical program that provides nutritious meals to students in our schools who would not otherwise be fed. Now, there is one genius here that said: Well, hungry kids can learn. Really? I know a lot of my colleagues that can’t think if they are hungry. At least that is a good reason to assume what they are actually talking about in pol-icy. But a hungry kid will not be able to learn. They are thinking about their stomach. They are thinking about that ache. We have had the school nutrition program for some time—lunches and breakfasts. The law says that the food should be produced in America, but the practice is different. The practice is: We will buy wherever we can. Now, I will give you an example. A school district in Sacramento, Cali-fornia, whose name actually happens to be similar to the city, decided that they should purchase Chinese peaches in big cans. Yet, within 10 miles of that school there were three packing plants that produced California-grown peach-es. It turns out that the Chinese peaches have some label on it that says or-ganic. Right. Now, there is a label you can believe. It turns out that they are really not too organic at all. So in terms of quality, in terms of food that is produced domestically and locally, the Buy American provisions that have been in the law for the School Lunch Program and School Breakfast Program need to be observed by school districts across this Nation. So we have introduced another bill called American Food for American Schools. It doesn’t change the basic re-quirement that the food be American- produced food by our farmers and by our packing houses and by the facili-ties that take that food and bring that nutritious meal to the schools. No. It simply says that school districts can no longer ignore the law. That they are going to be required to follow the law, to report and to seek a waiver if the cost of domestically-grown peaches, peaches grown within 10 miles of the Sacramento school district, are too ex-pensive compared to peaches that are imported from California or some other part of the world. They could seek a waiver. They could prove that those peaches are nutritious and that they are not somehow contaminated. We have done the studies, and there is some question about whether there is or is not contamination. But I know that in California, we have the strict-est laws concerning the quality of the food, both on the tree and in the can. I want our students to have the best. If the cost is way out of line, a waiver can be sought and granted. But no more willy-nilly not paying attention to the law, which says: American food for American schools. And now there will be somebody watching to make sure that that law is followed. I would also add that a similar bill is now being pushed through the Cali-fornia legislature. So, once again, it comes back to this issue: Do you want to grow the Amer-ican economy? Do you want to use our taxpayer money to support American jobs and American manufacturing? Or are you willing to just not worry about it and let the jobs go wherever they may? I am still trying to find who it was; maybe one of my colleagues here in the House of Representatives or a Senator, but quite probably some staff person that when they wrote the American Recovery Act, they said: Great, we need new electric locomotives on the Eastern corridor. And they said: 100 percent American made. Hundreds of jobs in Sacramento building these. And the electric engines, the brakes, the steel, all the rest of it, all gathered from America, 100 percent American made. So don’t let anybody tell you it can’t be done. If we write the law, it will be done. Those LNG ships, those oil tank-ers that will take our crude oil and ship it around the world, those can be built in America, in the American ship-yards with American welders and plumbers and boilermakers and naval architects and American businesses providing the jobs here in the United States. It is possible. But, colleagues, it takes a law. That is our business: to pass laws that sup-port the American jobs, that support American businesses, just like the American Recovery Act. Sixteen lines of law. The export of crude oil, the ex-port of LNG, starting with 5 percent in the first year, and then building up to 25 percent over the next 7 years. Amer-ican ships will be built, American sail-ors will be on it, and American jobs will be here in the United States. We can do it if we want to. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. M
ARINO (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today and the balance of the week on account of a family medical issue. Mr. N
EWHOUSE (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today and the balance of the week on account of a family ill-ness. Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today. ADJOURNMENT Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 7 o’clock and 59 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, April 26, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. f 
OATH OF OFFICE MEMBERS, RESI-DENT COMMISSIONER, AND DEL-EGATES The oath of office required by the sixth article of the Constitution of the United States, and as provided by sec-tion 2 of the act of May 13, 1884 (23 Stat. 22), to be administered to Mem-bers, Resident Commissioner, and Dele-gates of the House of Representatives, the text of which is carried in 5 U.S.C. 3331: ‘‘I, AB, do solemnly swear (or af-firm) that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that I take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that I will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which I am about to enter. So help me God.’’ has been subscribed to in person and filed in duplicate with the Clerk of the House of Representatives by the fol-lowing Member of the 115th Congress, pursuant to the provisions of 2 U.S.C. 25: R
ONESTES, Fourth District of Kan-sas. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1126. A letter from the Acting Deputy Sec-retary, Department of Agriculture, transmit-ting a report of violations of the Anti-Defi-ciency Act by the Department of Agri-culture’s (USDA) Working Capital Fund, Na-tional Finance Center managed by the Office of the Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 1351; Public Law 97-258; (96 Stat. 926); to the Committee on Appropriations. 1127. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Vice Admiral Philip H. Cullom, United States Navy, and his ad-vancement to the grade of vice admiral on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 1128. A letter from the Acting Chairman, National Credit Union Administration, transmitting the Administration’s 2016 An-nual Report, pursuant to 12 U.S.C. 1752a(d); June 26, 1934, ch. 750, title I, Sec. 102(d) (as amended by Public Law 95-630, Sec. 501); (92 Stat. 3680); to the Committee on Financial Services. 1129. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25AP7.057 H25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2845 April 25, 2017 
Services, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; Market Stabilization [CMS-9929-F] (RIN: 0938-AT14) received April 18, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1130. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting a determination that a significant potential for a public health emergency ex-ists that has a significant potential to affect national security or the health and security of United States citizens living abroad and that involves nerve agents or certain insecti-cides (organophosphorus and/or carbamate); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1131. A letter from the Executive Sec-retary, Department of State, transmitting the Department’s report covering the period from December 8, 2016 to February 6, 2017 on the Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolution, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1541 note; Public Law 107-243, Sec. 4(a); (116 Stat. 1501) and 50 U.S.C. 1541 note; Public Law 102-1, Sec. 3 (as amended by Pub-lic Law 106-113, Sec. 1000(a)(7)); (113 Stat. 1501A-422); to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 1132. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to the Central African Republic that was declared in Executive Order 13667 of May 12, 2014, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 1133. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to Yemen that was de-clared in Executive Order 13611 of May 16, 2012, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 1134. A letter from the Executive Sec-retary, Department of State, transmitting the 34th Annual Report to Congress on the Multinational Force and Observers Pursuant to Sec. 6 of Public Law 97-132, for the Period Ending January 15, 2017; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 1135. A letter from the Acting Secretary, American Battle Monuments Commission, transmitting the Commission’s FY 2016 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109-435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 1136. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for General Law, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting two notifi-cations of a change in previously submitted reported information, discontinuation of service in acting role, and designation of act-ing officer, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Pub-lic Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 1137. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for General Law, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting a notifica-tion on an action on nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 1138. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s FY 2016 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109- 435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 1139. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Department of Transportation, transmitting sixteen (16) notifications of a federal va-cancy, designation of acting officer, nomina-tion, action on nomination, or discontinu-ation of service in acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 1140. A letter from the Deputy Under Sec-retary for Operations, NOAA, Department of Commerce, transmitting the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration’s Chesapeake Bay Office Biennial Report to Congress for Fiscal Years 2015-2016, pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 1511d(b)(7); Public Law 102-567, Sec. 307(b)(7) (as amended by Public Law 107- 372, Sec. 401(a)); (116 Stat. 3098); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 1141. A letter from the Acting Solicitor General, Department of Justice, transmit-ting notification that the department has taken the position of amicus curiae in PHH Corp. v. CFPB, No.: 15-1177 (D.C. Cir.) (filed March 17, 2017), pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 530D(a)(1); Public Law 107-273, Sec. 202(a); (116 Stat. 1771); to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 1142. A letter from the Deputy Assistant General Counsel for the Division of Regu-latory Services, Department of Education, transmitting the Department’s final regula-tions — Adjustment of Civil Monetary Pen-alties for Inflation [Docket ID: ED-2016-OGC- 0051] (RIN: 1801-AA16) received April 17, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 1143. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Education, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final regulations — Adjustment of Civil Monetary Penalties for Inflation [Docket ID: ED-2016-OGC-0051] (RIN: 1801- AA16) received April 17, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 1144. A letter from the Executive Sec-retary, Department of State, transmitting a report entitled ‘‘Report on Denials of Visas to Confiscators of American Property’’, pur-suant to Sec. 2225(c) of the Foreign Affairs Reform and Restructuring Act of 1998, as contained in the Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act 1999, Public Law 105-277, 8 U.S.C. 1182d; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 1145. A letter from the Deputy CFO, NESDIS, Department of Commerce, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — Schedule of Fees for Access to NOAA Envi-ronmental Data, Information, and Related Products and Services [Docket No.: 161107999- 6999-01] (RIN: 0648-BG39) received April 18, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology. 1146. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting the De-partment’s report on Foreign Exchange Poli-cies of Major Trading Partners of the United States for April 14, 2017, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 5305; 19 U.S.C. 4421; jointly to the Committees on Ways and Means and Finan-cial Services. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. M CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 876. A bill to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to reform programs of the Transportation Security Administra-tion, and for other purposes; with amend-ments (Rept. 115–94). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 275. Resolution pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1695) to amend title 17, United States Code, to pro-vide additional responsibilities for the Reg-ister of Copyrights, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–95). Referred to the House Cal-endar. f PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. KNIGHT: H.R. 2116. A bill to amend the Reclamation Wastewater and Groundwater Study and Fa-cilities Act to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to participate in a series of water reclamation projects to provide a new water supply to communities previously impacted by perchlorate contamination plumes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. SESSIONS (for himself and Mr. P
ASCRELL ): H.R. 2117. A bill to amend the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 to permit multiemployer plans in critical sta-tus to modify plan rules relating to with-drawal liability, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. By Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania (for himself and Mr. P
ETERS ): H.R. 2118. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to require the registration of establishments that service devices, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. TED LIEU of California (for himself, Ms. P
ELOSI , Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-fornia, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. C
OHEN , Mrs. D AVIS of Cali-fornia, Ms. D
EGETTE , Ms. D ELBENE, Mrs. D
EMINGS , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Ms. E STYof Connecticut, Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. A L G
REEN of Texas, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. H IMES, Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE, Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. K EATING , Mr. K
ILDEE , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Ms. L
EE, Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. L
YNCH , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALO-
NEYof New York, Mr. S EANPATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York, Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Ms. M OORE , Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P
ANETTA , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Ms. R OSEN , Mr. R USH, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. S
ERRANO , Ms. S INEMA , Ms. S LAUGH -
TER, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. T
AKANO , Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. W
ELCH , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, Ms. E SHOO , Mr. M
CGOVERN , and Mr. S CHRADER ): H.R. 2119. A bill to prohibit, as an unfair or deceptive act or practice, commercial sexual orientation conversion therapy, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. PERRY: H.R. 2120. A bill to direct the Secretary of Transportation to take actions to address 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:49 Aug 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\APRIL\H25AP7.REC H25AP7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2846 April 25, 2017 
issues affecting motorcoach and school bus operators, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Mr. ROTHFUS (for himself, Mr. F
OSTER , and Mr. H ULTGREN ): H.R. 2121. A bill to require the appropriate Federal banking agencies to revise regula-tions to specify that certain funds shall not be taken into account when calculating any supplementary leverage ratio for custodial banks, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. By Mr. M
CKINLEY (for himself and Mr. D
ELANEY ): H.R. 2122. A bill to reinstate and extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving Jennings Randolph Dam; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania (for himself, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of Cali-fornia, Mr. L
OBIONDO , and Mr. E
SPAILLAT ): H.R. 2123. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the ability of health care professionals to treat veterans through the use of telemedicine, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY (for herself and Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI ): H.R. 2124. A bill to require the Secretary of Transportation to modify a regulation re-garding denied boarding on an aircraft, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. BRAT: H.R. 2125. A bill to amend the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974 to provide that any estimate prepared by the Congressional Budget Office or the Joint Committee on Taxation shall include costs relating to serv-icing the public debt, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Rules, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BUCHANAN: H.R. 2126. A bill to strengthen welfare re-search and evaluation, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BUDD: H.R. 2127. A bill to amend the Labor-Man-agement Reporting and Disclosure Act of 1959 to require employee consent before labor organization dues of such employee are used for any purpose not directly related to the labor organization’s collective bargaining or contract administration functions; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. DAVIDSON: H.R. 2128. A bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to permit private per-sons to compel the Securities and Exchange Commission to seek legal or equitable rem-edies in a civil action, instead of an adminis-trative proceeding, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. DEUTCH: H.R. 2129. A bill to establish the Climate Change Advisory Commission to develop rec-ommendations, frameworks, and guidelines for projects to respond to the impacts of cli-mate change, to issue Federal obligations, the proceeds of which shall be used to fund projects that aid in adaptation to climate change, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. HARPER: H.R. 2130. A bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to Myrlie Evers-Williams, in rec-ognition of the great contributions and ulti-mate sacrifice she and her husband, the as-sassinated civil rights leader Medgar Wiley Evers, made in the fight for racial equality in the United States; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana (for him-self and Mr. MCCAUL): H.R. 2131. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to direct the Chief Human Capital Officer of the Department of Homeland Security to improve consistency regarding discipline and adverse actions in the Department’s workforce, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity. By Mr. KATKO (for himself, Mr. M
CCAUL, and Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN ): H.R. 2132. A bill to require the implementa-tion of a redress process and review of the Transportation Security Administration’s intelligence-based screening rules for avia-tion security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. LUETKEMEYER: H.R. 2133. A bill to provide regulatory re-lief to community financial institutions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. By Mr. LUETKEMEYER (for himself and Mr. S
ESSIONS ): H.R. 2134. A bill to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to permit Governors of States to regulate intrastate endangered spe-cies and intrastate threatened species, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York (for herself, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. N
ADLER , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. C ROWLEY , Ms. D
ELAURO , Ms. M OORE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. H
UFFMAN , Ms. C LARK of Massachu-setts, and Ms. N
ORTON ): H.R. 2135. A bill to designate certain Na-tional Forest System lands and certain pub-lic lands under the jurisdiction of the Sec-retary of the Interior in the States of Idaho, Montana, Oregon, Washington, and Wyoming as wilderness, wild and scenic rivers, wildland recovery areas, and biological con-necting corridors, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 2136. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide an exception from certain reporting requirements with re-spect to the foreign accounts of individuals who live abroad; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. MAST: H.R. 2137. A bill to direct the President to treat a harmful algal bloom caused by cer-tain activities of the Federal Government as an emergency for purposes of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Mr. M
CCAUL: H.R. 2138. A bill to provide that members of the Armed Forces performing services in the Sinai Peninsula of Egypt shall be enti-tled to tax benefits in the same manner as if such services were performed in a combat zone; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. MOORE: H.R. 2139. A bill to amend the FAA Mod-ernization and Reform Act of 2012 and title 49, United States Code, with respect to dis-advantaged business enterprises, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. By Mr. RUPPERSBERGER: H.R. 2140. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to increase the credit for employers establishing workplace child care facilities, to increase the child care credit to encourage greater use of quality child care services, to provide incentives for students to earn child care-related degrees and to work in child care facilities, and to increase the exclusion for employer-provided depend-ent care assistance; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. SCHNEIDER (for himself and Mr. ISSA): H.R. 2141. A bill to provide incentives to physicians to practice in rural and medically underserved communities and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. TSONGAS (for herself and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ): H.R. 2142. A bill to improve the ability of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to interdict fentanyl, other synthetic opioids, and other narcotics and psychoactive sub-stances that are illegally imported into the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. VARGAS: H.R. 2143. A bill to impose a net worth tax of 14.25 percent on all individuals and trusts with a net worth of $10,000,000 or more; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California (for herself and Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire): H.R. 2144. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to provide for the appropriate, risk-based classification of device accessories based on their intended uses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali-fornia: H.R. 2145. A bill to prohibit licenses or other authorization for United States per-sons to engage in activities relating to deep-water, Arctic offshore, or shale projects that have the potential to produce oil in the Rus-sian Federation, or in maritime area claimed by the Russian Federation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. By Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN (for herself, Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, and Mr. S
CHNEIDER ): H. Res. 274. A resolution condemning the Government of Iran’s state-sponsored perse-cution of its Baha’i minority and its contin-ued violation of the International Covenants on Human Rights; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania (for himself, Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. K IL-
MER, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mrs. L
OWEY , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. N AD-
LER, Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. R
OSEN , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. S IRES, Mr. S UOZZI , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. L
EVIN, and Mr. G OTTHEIMER ): H. Res. 276. A resolution expressing the sense of the House that more should be done to instill Holocaust education in school cur-ricula around the country; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L25AP7.100 H25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2847 April 25, 2017 
for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CA´RDENAS (for himself, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Ms. L EE, Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Mr. V ARGAS , and Mr. W
ALZ): H. Res. 277. A resolution expressing support for designation of April 2017 as National Stress Awareness Month; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SWALWELL of California (for himself, Mr. P
EARCE , and Mr. C
RAWFORD ): H. Res. 278. A resolution amending the Rules of the House of Representatives to per-mit absent Members to participate in com-mittee hearings using video conferencing and related technologies and to establish a remote voting system under which absent Members may cast votes in the House on mo-tions to suspend the rules; to the Committee on Rules. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. KNIGHT: H.R. 2116. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (Necessary and Proper Clause) By Mr. SESSIONS: H.R. 2117. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 3 of the United States Constitution (relating to Congress’ power to regulate commerce . . . among the several states . . .). The United States Con-gress initially enacted ERISA under the Commerce Clause in order to stabilize em-ployee pension plans that employees carry with them across state lines. This bill modi-fies ERISA and is thus a regulation of com-merce—specifically pension plans—among more than one state. By Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania: H.R. 2118. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. TED LIEU of California: H.R. 2119. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution, Congress has the power to col-lect taxes and expend funds to provide for the general welfare of the United States. Congress may also make laws that are nec-essary and proper for carrying into execution their powers enumerated under Article I. By Mr. PERRY: H.R. 2120. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 By Mr. ROTHFUS: H.R. 2121. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution, ‘‘[t]o regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes . . .’’ By Mr. MCKINLEY: H.R. 2122. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: According to Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution: The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States but all duties, imposts, and ex-cises shall be uniform throughout. By Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania: H.R. 2123. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 12, 13, 14, and 18 The Congress shall have Power to raise and support armies; to provide and maintain a navy; to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces; and to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H.R. 2124. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. BRAT: H.R. 2125. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress has explicit and implicit powers to spend, to raise revenue, and to borrow throughout Article I, Section 8 of the Con-stitution. Coherent management of fiscal powers requires a complete assessment of the effects of proposed legislation, so it is both necessary and proper for the estimating agencies to inform Congress of total fiscal impacts. By Mr. BUCHANAN: H.R. 2126. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8. By Mr. BUDD: H.R. 2127. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: United States Constitution Article 1, Sec-tion 8. By Mr. DAVIDSON: H.R. 2128. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18, ‘‘The Con-gress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. DEUTCH: H.R. 2129. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. HARPER: H.R. 2130. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 6 By Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana: H.R. 2131. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: US Const. art I, sec 8, cl 18 By Mr. KATKO: H.R. 2132. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. LUETKEMEYER: H.R. 2133. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the explicit power of Congress to regulate in commerce in and among the states, as enumerate in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, the Commerce Clause, of the United States Constitution. Additionally, Article 1, Section 7, Clause 2 of the Constitution allows for every bill passed by the House of Representatives and the Senate and signed by the President to be codified into law; and therefore implicitly al-lows Congress to repeal any bill that has been passed by both chambers and signed into law by the President. By Mr. LUETKEMEYER: H.R. 2134. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United. States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 2135. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 2136. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; By Mr. MAST: H.R. 2137. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. M
CCAUL: H.R. 2138. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Ms. MOORE: H.R. 2139. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. RUPPERSBERGER: H.R. 2140. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution and Amendment XVI of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SCHNEIDER: H.R. 2141. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. TSONGAS: H.R. 2142. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution By Mr. VARGAS: H.R. 2143. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L25AP7.100 H25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2848 April 25, 2017 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress has the constitutional authority to enact this legislation pursuant Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. Constitution, which states: ‘‘The Congress shall have the power to lay and collect taxes, duties, im-posts and excises, to pay the debts and pro-vide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States.’’ By Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California: H.R. 2144. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, which per-mits Congress to regulate commerce. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali-fornia: H.R. 2145. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII ‘‘The Congress shall have power . . . to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying the execution of the fore-going powers, and all powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or offi-cer thereof.’’ f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 19: Mr. R USH, Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. R
OSEN , and Ms. B ROWNLEY  of California. H.R. 20: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 36: Mr. W
ALKER and Mr. B LUM. H.R. 37: Mr. W
ALKER . H.R. 48: Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Mr. J OHNSON  of Georgia, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. B
ASS, and Mr. M EEKS . H.R. 51: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 52: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 60: Mr. R
UTHERFORD , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. C
LYBURN , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. R USH, Mr. W IL-
LIAMS , Mr. M OULTON , Mrs. D AVIS of Cali- fornia, and Mr. L
OBIONDO . H.R. 91: Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 95: Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 112: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 113: Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Ms. M OORE , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. K
EATING , and Mr. C OURTNEY . H.R. 115: Mr. K
ATKO , Mr. D UNCAN of Ten- nessee, Mr. M
ULLIN , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. A
MODEI , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. S EN-
SENBRENNER , and Mr. M CCAUL. H.R. 116: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 140: Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida. H.R. 169: Mr. C
ARBAJAL and Mr. S HERMAN . H.R. 173: Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. K AP-
TUR, and Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 203: Ms. D
ELBENE, Ms. C LARK of Mas- sachusetts, Ms. D
ELAURO , Ms. L EE, Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. P
OCAN , Ms. M ENG, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. W
ALZ, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. V EASEY , Ms. T SON-
GAS, Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. M OORE , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. L AN-
GEVIN , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. R
YANof Ohio, Mr. T AKANO , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. R USH, Ms. S EWELL of Ala- bama, Mr. P
ASCRELL , and Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ . H.R. 233: Ms. M
CCOLLUM and Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN . H.R. 253: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 285: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE . H.R. 305: Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, and Mr. B
ERA. H.R. 350: Mr. A
RRINGTON . H.R. 352: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE . H.R. 354: Mr. B
ARTON . H.R. 365: Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri. H.R. 469: Mr. B
UDD, H.R. 485: Mr. R
ICHMOND . H.R. 488: Ms. P
INGREE , Ms. J ENKINS of Kan- sas, Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, Mr. P AL-
LONE , Ms. T ENNEY , and Ms. C LARK of Massa- chusetts. H.R. 490: Mr. L
AMBORN . H.R. 502: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. C RIST, Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. J ACK-
SONLEE, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. D AVID S
COTT of Georgia, Mr. F OSTER , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. S
CHNEIDER , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. D
OGGETT , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Mr. V EASEY , Mr. Y AR-
MUTH , and Mr. R ICHMOND . H.R. 510: Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee and Mr. C
ARTER of Texas. H.R. 544: Mr. C
ICILLINE , H.R. 545: Mr. B
ARLETTA , Mr. C OFFMAN , and Mr. G
OODLATTE , H.R. 633: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 635: Mr. S
HERMAN and Mr. S CHIFF . H.R. 639: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 644: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 669: Mr. S
HERMAN and Mr. J EFFRIES . H.R. 676: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania, Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. C OOPER , and Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H.R. 686: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 695: Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, and Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 747: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Mrs. B
LACKBURN , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. P
ERRY , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. M
CKINLEY , Mr. L YNCH , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. H ER-
RERA BEUTLER , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Ms. C LARK of Massachu-setts, Mr. H
ARRIS , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. W
ALDEN , Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Ms. M
OORE , Mr. D UFFY , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. P
ETERSON , Mr. B ARR, Mr. C OURTNEY , and Mr. C
ULBERSON . H.R. 750: Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 753: Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland. H.R. 754: Mr. S
UOZZI and Mr. M EEKS . H.R. 766: Mr. D
OGGETT . H.R. 770: Mr. G
OTTHEIMER and Ms. M OORE . H.R. 772: Mr. F
LEISCHMANN , Mr. B UDD and Mr. L
AMBORN . H.R. 781: Mr. M
ARSHALL , Mr. H ULTGREN , and Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia. H.R. 785: Mr. Y
ODER , Mr. F RANKS of Ari- zona, Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. L
AMBORN , and Mr. J ODYB. H ICE of Georgia. H.R. 788: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama and Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona. H.R. 807: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , Ms. R OSEN , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. T URNER , Mr. S CHRADER , and Mr. B
ERA. H.R. 812: Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. M
EEKS , and Mr. E LLISON . H.R. 816: Mr. C
ORREA . H.R. 820: Ms. K
APTUR , Ms. S EWELL of Ala- bama, Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. M
CGOVERN , and Mr. B LUMENAUER . H.R. 822: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York. H.R. 842: Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 846: Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. B ARTON , Mr. M URPHY of Penn- sylvania, Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. R OSS, Mr. WELCH , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. C AR-
SONof Indiana, Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER , Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. K
ATKO , and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 849: Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri, Mr. W
ALKER , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. Y
OHO, Mr. A DERHOLT , and Mr. G OTTHEIMER . H.R. 851: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 901: Mr. R
USSELL . H.R. 907: Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 909: Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. P
ASCRELL , and Ms. T ENNEY . H.R. 948: Mr. S
COTT of Virginia. H.R. 949: Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. B ARLETTA , and Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 959: Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 964: Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. P ALLONE , and Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 997: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama and Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 1002: Mr. M
CKINLEY . H.R. 1005: Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. M
OULTON , and Ms. D ELBENE. H.R. 1006: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 1017: Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. E MMER , Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee, and Mr. H UFFMAN . H.R. 1038: Mr. A
DERHOLT . H.R. 1054: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. S
CHNEIDER , and Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 1057: Mr. C
OMER , Mr. H OLLINGSWORTH , Mr. H
URD, Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mrs. W ALORSKI , and Mrs. N
OEM. H.R. 1059: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1060: Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 1089: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 1090: Mr. K
INGof Iowa, Mr. P OLIS, and Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 1098: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 1136: Mr. H
ILL, Mr. P ALAZZO , and Mr. B
ARR. H.R. 1143: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 1145: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 1146: Ms. L
EE. H.R. 1148: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. E
MMER , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. B ERA, and Ms. M AT-
SUI. H.R. 1150: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 1154: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 1155: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 1158: Mr. H
ILLand Mr. T HOMPSON of California. H.R. 1160: Mr. M
CKINLEY . H.R. 1163: Mr. P
ALAZZO and Mr. N OLAN . H.R. 1169: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 1171: Mr. B
ARLETTA . H.R. 1180: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Mr. R OEof Ten- nessee, Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. F ER-
GUSON , and Ms. F OXX. H.R. 1200: Mr. W
OMACK . H.R. 1227: Mr. R
ASKIN and Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER . H.R. 1232: Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Ms. S HEA-POR-
TER, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , and Mr. S IRES. H.R. 1243: Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. S ARBANES , and Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 1267: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 1276: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California, Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. K HANNA , and Mr. H UFFMAN . H.R. 1284: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 1289: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico. H.R. 1290: Ms. T
SONGAS . H.R. 1291: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 1299: Mr. Q
UIGLEY and Mr. K EATING . H.R. 1316: Mr. A
LLEN and Mr. A DERHOLT . H.R. 1318: Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. C OURTNEY , and Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 1322: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY . H.R. 1328: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 1329: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana and Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 1341: Mr. G
OODLATTE . H.R. 1360: Mr. T
IPTON and Mr. C ULBERSON . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25AP7.037 H25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2849 April 25, 2017 
H.R. 1361: Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. B
ARLETTA , and Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 1363: Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 1377: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY and Ms. P IN-
GREE . H.R. 1378: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ and Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 1393: Mr. P
ITTENGER and Mr. F ER-
GUSON . H.R. 1406: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. T
ENNEY , Mr. E VANS , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Ms. M OORE , and Mr. K EATING . H.R. 1409: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania, Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. S MUCKER , Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. B
IGGS, Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, and Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 1421: Mr. N
OLAN , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. D EUTCH , and Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY . H.R. 1428: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 1429: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY . H.R. 1438: Mr. S
ARBANES , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. N ORCROSS , and Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 1472: Mr. O’R
OURKE and Ms. P INGREE . H.R. 1474: Ms. R
OSEN , Mr. D EUTCH , Miss R
ICEof New York, Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. C
ROWLEY , Mr. A LGREEN  of Texas, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. L EVIN. H.R. 1475: Mr. M
EEKS , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. L
YNCH , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mex-ico, Mr. C
APUANO , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. M OORE , Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. J ACK-
SONLEE, Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. K
EATING , and Mr. S WALWELL of California. H.R. 1478: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 1480: Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 1485: Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California. H.R. 1494: Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. B ENRAY L
UJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. M
OORE , Ms. P INGREE , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. F
OSTER , Mr. R OYCE of California, Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio, Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. B UCK, Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas, Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. P OLIS, Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. R OSKAM , Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. D
EFAZIO, Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. S TIVERS , Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. P
ITTENGER , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. D
ELANEY , Mr. D ENT, Mr. T URNER , Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mrs. D AVIS of Cali- fornia, Mr. S
ARBANES , Mr. L ARSON of Con- necticut, Mr. M
EEKS , Mr. S IRES, Mr. K
EATING , Mr. L OEBSACK , and Mr. H EN-
SARLING , H.R. 1551: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 1553: Ms. M
CCOLLUM and Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE. H.R. 1555: Mr. M
ULLIN . H.R. 1578: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama, Mr. R
ICHMOND , and Mr. D ELANEY . H.R. 1584: Mr. E
LLISON , Ms. N ORTON , and Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 1589: Mr. H
ASTINGS and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 1625: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 1626: Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. F ERGUSON , and Mrs. B
USTOS . H.R. 1629: Mr. L
YNCH , Mrs. D AVIS of Cali- fornia, and Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 1639: Mr. T
URNER , Mr. T IPTON , Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. P RICE of North Caro-lina, Ms. SHEA-PORTER , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio, and Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 1644: Mr. B
ARR, Mr. M CCAUL, and Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 1650: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 1651: Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. W
ELCH , and Mr. B ARLETTA . H.R. 1659: Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H.R. 1661: Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. J ONES , and Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 1673: Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland. H.R. 1676: Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. B
ARLETTA , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. H UFFMAN , and Ms. P IN-
GREE . H.R. 1677: Mr. C
OURTNEY and Mr. D ELANEY . H.R. 1697: Mr. S
UOZZI , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. C AR-
TERof Georgia, Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. V ELA, Ms. M
CSALLY , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, and Mr. F
LORES . H.R. 1698: Mr. L
OBIONDO , Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. K ING of New York, Mr. Z
ELDIN , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. L
ANCE , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. F LORES , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. P
ASCRELL , Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. J EFFRIES , and Mr. V
ELA. H.R. 1711: Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. S IRES, and Mr. M EEKS . H.R. 1727: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 1730: Ms. D
ELBENE, Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, and Mr. P
AYNE . H.R. 1736: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 1737: Mr. K
USTOFF of Tennessee. H.R. 1748: Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. L EWIS of Geor- gia, and Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 1753: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 1762: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 1776: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, and Mr. E LLISON . H.R. 1777: Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. B LUM, Mr. A US-
TINSCOTT of Georgia, Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. H
IGGINS of Louisiana, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. K
ATKO , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, and Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 1778: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 1783: Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H.R. 1784: Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. C ARBAJAL , and Mr. K EATING . H.R. 1789: Mr. B
ACON and Ms. T SONGAS . H.R. 1808: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania and Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 1809: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1810: Mr. C
OURTNEY and Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 1812: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. R USH, Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , and Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1825: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. L
ANCE , Mr. P ASCRELL , and Mr. F ORTENBERRY . H.R. 1836: Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 1838: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 1847: Mrs. N
OEM, Mr. P AULSEN , and Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 1881: Mr. B
ARLETTA and Mr. L AMBORN . H.R. 1885: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 1886: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 1892: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 1896: Mr. Y
ODER . H.R. 1897: Mr. Y
ODER . H.R. 1898: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania and Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1904: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. T HORNBERRY , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. G
UTHRIE , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , and Mr. L AN-
GEVIN . H.R. 1905: Mr. R
ICHMOND . H.R. 1909: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and Mr. R ASKIN . H.R. 1926: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 1928: Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. P
OLIS, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. BISHOP of Utah, Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mr. R
USH, Mr. J ONES , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , and Mr. P OEof Texas. H.R. 1940: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 1953: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. C
OSTA , Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. E SHOO , Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. S WALWELL of Cali- fornia, Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. S
IRES, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. K
ILMER , Mrs. H ARTZLER , and Ms. R OY-
BAL-ALLARD . H.R. 1955: Mr. K
IHUEN , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky, Mr. P ETERSON , and Mr. L
UCAS . H.R. 1960: Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mr. L YNCH , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. E
SHOO , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. S PEIER , Ms. M ENG, Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. M OORE , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. W ALZ, Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, Mr. K
EATING , and Mr. P OLIS. H.R. 1969: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 1997: Mr. E
NGEL and Ms. K APTUR . H.R. 2004: Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. B ARR, and Mr. R
ICEof South Carolina. H.R. 2010: Mr. P
ALAZZO and Mr. H ARPER . H.R. 2012: Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. E
VANS , Mr. K EATING , Mr. S
CHIFF , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. S
OTO, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. D EFA-
ZIO, and Ms. B ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 2029: Ms. G
RANGER , Mr. K ILDEE , and Mr. C
ULBERSON . H.R. 2052: Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, and Mr. L IPINSKI . H.R. 2069: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 2073: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY and Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 2105: Ms. T
ENNEY . H.J. Res. 29: Ms. T
ENNEY . H.J. Res. 31: Mr. P
ETERS , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. B
ERA, and Ms. B ARRAGA ´N. H.J. Res. 33: Ms. P
LASKETT . H.J. Res. 48: Ms. D
ELBENE. H.J. Res. 51: Mr. W
ALKER , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. A
DERHOLT , and Mr. F ERGUSON . H. Con. Res. 8: Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. C
APUANO , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. J
ONES , and Mr. C OFFMAN . H. Con. Res. 10: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. E
MMER , Mr. W ALZ, Mrs. B EATTY , and Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H. Con. Res. 41: Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri. H. Con. Res. 44: Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. P AYNE , and Mr. K
ILMER . H. Res. 15: Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. S IRES, Mr. H ECK, Mr. H IMES, Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, Mr. L UCAS , Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. B ASS, Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mrs. B USTOS , and Ms. E DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON of Texas. H. Res. 30: Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. S
HERMAN , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALO-
NEY of New York, Mr. Y ODER , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , and Ms. B ONAMICI . H. Res. 90: Mr. S
COTT of Virginia and Mr. R
ASKIN . H. Res. 128: Mr. K
EATING . H. Res. 129: Mr. B
ACON , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. B
ARR, Mr. L OBIONDO , and Mr. F LORES . H. Res. 187: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H. Res. 195: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H. Res. 220: Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. G OTTHEIMER , Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, and Mr. G
ALLEGO . H. Res. 237: Mr. R
ASKIN . H. Res. 239: Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, and Mr. E VANS . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25AP7.025 H25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2850 April 25, 2017 
H. Res. 244: Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. M CNER-
NEY, and Mr. P OLIS. H. Res. 245: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H. Res. 246: Mr. P
OLIS. H. Res. 250: Mr. R
ASKIN . H. Res. 256: Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Mr. B ERA, Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, and Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER . H. Res. 261: Mrs. H
ARTZLER . H. Res. 269: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: The amendment to be offered by Rep-resentative D
EUTCH , or a designee, to H.R. 1695, the Register of Copyrights Selection and Accountability Act of 2017, does not con-tain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25AP7.029 H25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2499 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, APRIL 25, 2017 No. 70 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable B
EN S
ASSE, a Senator from the State of Ne-braska. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. O God most high, we know not what a day will bring forth—sorrow or joy— but our eyes are on You. Sustain our Senators in their work. Give them the wisdom to repay Your Grace with the currency of their grati-tude. Lead them to bear the burdens of the marginalized and so fulfill the law of love. Lord, teach them anew the meaning of faith, hope, and love. Give them even tempers that can meet upsetting things with calm serenity. Lord, keep them from being ashamed of that which they should be proud and proud of that which they should be ashamed. We pray in Your powerful Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, April 25, 2017. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable BENSASSE, a Senator from the State of Nebraska, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. SASSE thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
ISSUES BEFORE THE SENATE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, yes-terday, the Senate confirmed former Georgia Governor Sonny Perdue to lead the Department of Agriculture. We also took the next step in advanc-ing Rod Rosenstein to serve as Deputy Attorney General. I look forward to confirming Mr. Rosenstein so he can get to work without further delay. After we take that vote, we will be able to advance the Department of Labor nominee, Alexander Acosta. Mr. Acosta has an impressive background that will serve him well as he leads the Department on issues that can support America’s employers and employees as well as the overall economy. I am pleased Mr. Acosta has outlined his commitment to ensuring that the Department of Labor encourages, rath-er than hampers, job growth—a wel-come change after 8 years of job-killing and opportunity-destroying rules and regulations under the Obama adminis-tration. I encourage my colleagues to support his nomination so he can begin this important work to help create jobs, enhance workforce development, and support middle-class workers. As we advance these nominees, Sen-ators are also continuing discussions on government funding legislation. These talks have been part of a bipar-tisan, bicameral process from the start, with appropriators having continued negotiations over the State work pe-riod. I look forward to more productive conversations with Senators, our House colleagues, and the White House so we can get this important work done quite soon. f 
DAYS OF REMEMBRANCE CEREMONY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, many decades ago, historic tragedy be-fell a continent, and unimaginable hor-ror visited a people. Behind cold steel gates and within huddled boxcars, man’s capacity for cruelty reached grim new frontiers. An inhuman campaign of extermination by an inhuman regime not only took aim at the Jewish people but also tore deep at the collective bonds of our human-ity. The scars of the Holocaust con-tinue to run deep in the sinew of our history and of our humanity. It must never be repeated. It also must never be forgotten. Today, the President of the strongest Nation in the world will again join with survivors in the Capitol Rotunda to help ensure it never is. Today’s Days of Remembrance cere-mony serves as yet another reminder of the immeasurable suffering that was inflicted upon millions of innocent men, women, and children during the Holocaust, especially the Jewish peo-ple. It also serves as a reminder of our responsibility as free people to stand against evil and defend those who are persecuted. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 Apr 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25AP6.000 S25APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2500 April 25, 2017 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will resume executive session to consider the following nomination, which the clerk will report. The assistant bill clerk read the nomination of Rod J. Rosenstein, of Maryland, to be Deputy Attorney Gen-eral. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the time until 12:30 p.m. will be equally di-vided in the usual form. The Democratic whip. 
DAYS OF REMEMBRANCE CEREMONY  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I will yield the floor if the Democratic leader arrives, but until his arrival, I would like to do two things—first, join in the comments made by the majority lead-er, Senator M
CCONNELL , relative to the Holocaust remembrance. This is the day on which we gather in the Rotunda each year to remember the atrocities of World War II, which includes remembering the Holocaust victims, so many who were Jewish peo-ple as well as Polish people—the list goes on and on—as well as those who were gay and gypsies. This was an eth-nic cleansing—the worst ever seen in the history of this world. We remember it on this day, as we should. Mr. President, on a separate issue, before us now is the nomination of Rod Rosenstein to be the Deputy Attorney General of the United States. The Deputy Attorney General over-sees the day-to-day operations of the Department of Justice. In any cir-cumstance, this is an important posi-tion that requires a nominee with expe-rience, independence, management skills, and good judgment, which is es-pecially true today. Many of us questioned whether At-torney General Sessions was the right person to be the chief law enforcement officer of the United States of America at this moment in history. Unfortu-nately, many of the actions of the new Attorney General, since he was con-firmed, have not erased these concerns. The Attorney General has already begun making dramatic changes at the Justice Department, including on crit-ical issues like criminal justice, civil rights, immigration, and funding for crime prevention. Just last week, Attorney General Sessions disparaged a Federal judge from Hawaii who issued an order block-ing the Trump administration’s Mus-lim travel ban. Attorney General Sessions said: ‘‘I really am amazed that a judge sitting on an island in the Pacific can issue an order that stops the President of the United States from what appears to be clearly his statutory and constitu-tional power.’’ Senator M
AZIE HIRONO , my colleague on the Senate Judiciary Committee and the junior Senator from Hawaii, pointed out that Hawaii was granted statehood in 1959 and called the Attor-ney General’s comments ‘‘insulting and prejudiced.’’ Also, last week, Attorney General Sessions called into question the status of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program, also known as DACA. When asked about DACA, At-torney General Sessions said: ‘‘We can’t promise people who are here un-lawfully that they’re not going to be deported.’’ That is exactly what DACA is. It is a commitment to young people who were brought to the United States as chil-dren and grew up in our country that they will be protected from deportation on a temporary renewable basis. Attor-ney General Sessions’ statement is contrary to his own administration’s policy as established by President Trump and Homeland Security Sec-retary John Kelly, who have primary responsibility for immigration enforce-ment. The last confirmed nominee for Dep-uty Attorney General was Sally Yates, a veteran prosecutor and U.S. attorney from Georgia. Ms. Yates displayed sound judgment as Deputy Attorney General, and she was unafraid to speak truth to power. Ms. Yates became the Acting Attor-ney General at the end of the Obama administration, and when President Trump signed his unconstitutional Muslim ban Executive order on Janu-ary 27, Sally Yates told the White House she could not defend the order in court because she was not convinced it was lawful. Ms. Yates was then fired by President Trump for disagreeing with him. However, multiple Federal courts agreed with Ms. Yates’ position and blocked this unconstitutional Execu-tive order. Time and history have prov-en Ms. Yates correct. We need a Deputy Attorney General like Sally Yates, who is highly com-petent and has the independence to say no to the President and to the Attor-ney General when necessary. Rod Rosenstein has served as the U.S. Attorney for the District of Mary-land since 2005 under both Democratic and Republican Presidents. I do not question his experience or his com-petence. As a member of the Senate Ju-diciary Committee, I looked closely at his nomination. I asked him many questions in the hearing. I sent some followup letters, and I appreciate that he has been forthcoming in his re-sponses. Mr. Rosenstein has pledged to be an independent voice and has committed that he will not recommend any changes in Justice Department policies until he evaluates them, discusses them with appropriate officials, and determines that changes are war-ranted. I expect he will be confirmed. Upon confirmation, Mr. Rosenstein will im-mediately be tasked with responsi-bility over critically important issues over which he will need to display both sound judgment and independence. Four come to mind. First is the ongoing investigation into Russia’s efforts to interfere with the 2016 Presidential election to help the Trump campaign. What Russia did in our election last year was a cyber act of war against our democracy. It is imperative that we get to the bottom of what happened and make sure it never happens again. I have called for an independent, bipartisan investiga-tion into Russia’s election inter-ference. The Republican majority of the House and Senate have resisted this call. Instead, Republicans in Congress have referred this matter to the Intel-ligence Committees of both Houses, perhaps hoping it will fade away behind closed doors. I hope the Intelligence Committees will step up and conduct an investigation that is worthy of the importance of this issue, but when it comes to potential criminal acts in-volving Russia’s election interference, the responsibility to investigate falls solely on the Justice Department. Attorney General Sessions has had to recuse himself from the investigation because of his work for the Trump campaign and his failure to disclose his contacts with Russian officials last year. That means the Deputy Attorney General now has the responsibility over this investigation. It will be incumbent on Mr. Rosen-stein to ensure this investigation is conducted with independence, dili-gence, and integrity. I believe that ap-pointing a special counsel is the best way to ensure this. I hope he will make that appointment. If Mr. Rosenstein does not appoint a special counsel, the spotlight will be on him personally to make sure the investigation is con-ducted properly, no matter where it leads. I hope he exercises good judg-ment. This investigation is too impor-tant to get wrong. The second issue that will require independence and good judgment from the Deputy Attorney General is the Justice Department’s threat to with-hold Federal funding to prevent vio-lence across America, including in the city of Chicago. The Trump administration’s message has been confusing, to say the least, when it comes to Federal efforts to pre-vent violence. On the one hand, Presi-dent Trump, in the middle of the night, tweets ‘‘Chicago needs help,’’ and ‘‘Send in the Feds,’’ but then the ad-ministration threatens to cut off crit-ical funding for violence prevention under programs like Byrne JAG unless cities agree to turn their local police departments into deportation forces. It is pretty obvious that cutting off Federal violence prevention funding will hurt the cause of violence preven-tion. Do not take my word for it. Ask any law enforcement leader. Listen to what the International As-sociation of Chiefs of Police said: ‘‘Pe-nalizing communities by withholding assistance funding to law enforcement 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 Apr 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25AP6.002 S25APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2501 April 25, 2017 
agencies and other critical programs is counterproductive to our shared mis-sion of reducing violent crime and keeping communities safe.’’ It is no secret that the Attorney Gen-eral is fixated on immigration, but we need the Deputy Attorney General to ensure that this fixation does not un-dermine the important ways that the Justice Department and local law en-forcement cooperate to reduce violent crime. This administration cannot call itself a law-and-order administration and then do something like cut the funds for violence prevention when police chiefs across America say that is just wrong. The third area of critical importance is criminal justice policy. Today, our Federal prisons are 30 percent over ca-pacity, and runaway prison expendi-tures are undermining important pub-lic safety priorities like crime preven-tion, drug courts, and addiction treat-ment. The largest increase in the Federal prison population has been nonviolent drug offenders who are then separated from their families for years on end as a result of inflexible mandatory min-imum sentences. This has a destructive effect on communities and erodes faith in America in our criminal justice sys-tem. Congress needs to pass legislation to reform our Federal drug sentencing laws, but the Justice Department’s policies for nonviolent drug offenses also can help. Under the Obama administration, the Smart on Crime Initiative directed Federal prosecutors to reserve stiff mandatory minimum sentences for in-dividuals convicted of serious offenses. This initiative has been very effective in focusing the Department’s limited resources on the worst offenders and ensuring that people convicted of low- level, nonviolent offenses are not sub-jected to these same mandatory min-imum penalties. Attorney General Sessions has sig-naled that he wants to eliminate the Smart on Crime Initiative, and cer-tainly those of us who listened to his opposition to criminal sentencing re-form are not surprised. But, as Deputy Attorney General, Mr. Rosenstein will chair the Task Force on Crime Reduc-tion and Public Safety that has been established by the President. This gives him an important voice. I hope he will work to ensure that the Depart-ment’s charging policy reserves stiff mandatory sentences for only serious violent offenders. Mr. Rosenstein would also be respon-sible for determining the fate of the Justice Department’s efforts to work constructively with State and local law enforcement to protect civil rights and improve community and police rela-tions. In particular, Mr. Rosenstein should continue negotiations to pursue police reform in Chicago, backed up by an enforceable consent decree. The former U.S. attorney in Chicago, Zach Fardon, felt strongly that a consent de-cree was needed to correct the sys-temic problems we face. Mr. Rosen-stein has shown more openness to using consent decrees than Attorney General Sessions, who has an ideolog-ical personal hostility toward them. I hope Mr. Rosenstein will look carefully at this issue in Chicago and respect the judgment of Mr. Fardon and the career DOJ professionals who spent over a year investigating this matter. Mr. Rosenstein also will be respon-sible for reining in the Attorney Gen-eral’s worst instincts on immigration. It is no surprise to any Member of this Chamber that when the issue of immi-gration came to the floor, the leading opponent on immigration reform was Senator Sessions of Alabama. I believe he offered 100 amendments to the im-migration reform bill that passed the U.S. Senate. He has spoken out over and over again about his opposition to immigration reform. The Attorney General has already di-rected Federal prosecutors across the country to make immigration cases a higher priority and look for opportuni-ties to bring serious felony charges against those who cross the border without authorization. Federal pros-ecutors understand this is not the right approach. Listen to Paul Charlton, the U.S. attorney for Arizona under the Bush administration. According to him, this new directive will overburden the Federal courts already struggling to handle the volume of immigration cases. He said: ‘‘Prosecution and incar-ceration do not adequately address the real need, which is a reform of the im-migration laws.’’ Let me conclude. I see the Demo-cratic leader on the floor. There are a number of critical issues that will require sound judgment and leadership from the next Deputy Attor-ney General. I hope Mr. Rosenstein will approach these issues with the profes-sionalism and integrity that have earned him bipartisan praise as U.S. Attorney in Maryland. I hope he will be willing to speak truth to power and to stand up to the President and the At-torney General if necessary. I will support Mr. Rosenstein’s nomi-nation. I hope we can work together constructively on the important mat-ters facing the Department of Justice. Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, first let me thank my friend from Illinois for his always thoughtful and good words. I agree with his sentiments on Mr. Rosenstein, whom I will support as well. 
GOVERNMENT SPENDING BILL  
Mr. President, first I want to say that it is very good news that the President seems to be taking the wall off the table in the negotiations we are having on an appropriations bill this week. It would remove the prospect of a needless fight over a poison pill pro-posal that Members of both parties don’t support. On a bill as important as one to keep the government open, it is a dangerous prospect for the adminis-tration to push so hard for such a flawed, incomplete, and unthought-out proposal on a must-pass spending bill. It could tank what would have been productive, bipartisan, bicameral nego-tiations between the leaders in both Houses. If the threat of the wall is re-moved, as I hope is the case, our nego-tiations can continue and we can hope-fully continue to resolve all of the out-standing issues by Friday. Make no mistake about it, there are other important issues to resolve—no poison pill riders, above all, and the ratio of defense and nondefense spend-ing in terms of increases above the baseline. On the nondefense side, min-ers are very important on our side, get-ting permanent healthcare for these miners who have struggled their whole lives; the issue of cost-sharing, where 6 million people could lose their healthcare because it would become unaffordable; and the issue of Puerto Rico, which is struggling so, are among those that we feel are important as well. There are other issues to resolve as well, but I am hopeful we can ad-dress them as the week moves forward. Poison pill riders are something that could really hurt the bill, and we don’t want that to happen. THE PRESIDENT ’S FIRST ONE HUNDRED DAYS  
Mr. President, on another matter, as we quickly approach the 100-day mark of the Trump Presidency, it is a good time to look back on what this admin-istration has accomplished and has not accomplished. One thing is clear: This President has either broken or failed to fulfill many of the promises he made to working families during the campaign. This morning, I wish to focus on one area in particular—this President’s promises to working people on jobs and the economy. One of the President’s key rationales as to why he would be an effective President was that he was a good busi-nessman who could create jobs and get the economy moving much faster than anyone predicted. But on the major issues of jobs, including outsourcing, ‘‘Buy American,’’ trade—key economic issues that help job growth in America, that help working families—President Trump has made scant progress during his first 100 days and has broken sev-eral core campaign promises he made to kick-start the economy for working families. On jobs, President Trump said he was going to be ‘‘the greatest job President that God ever created,’’ but have we seen one significant piece of legislation that would create jobs from this Presi-dent? What about infrastructure, for instance? That is something that would create tons of good-paying jobs, and Candidate Trump talked about it a lot when he campaigned. He promised to fix America’s crumbling infrastruc-ture, pledging a $1 trillion plan to do 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 Apr 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25AP6.003 S25APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2502 April 25, 2017 
it. But we haven’t seen any details of any plan yet, and no comprehensive plan to rebuild our infrastructure has been introduced by any Republicans in Congress. So we Democrats came out with our own $1 trillion infrastructure plan, taking what the President said in his campaign. The bill would create 15 mil-lion good-paying jobs, going to the working families of America. We haven’t seen any proposal or gotten any response to our proposal from the President. The only thing we have seen from President Trump on infrastruc-ture is that he has proposed multibil-lion-dollar cuts to vital transportation programs in his 2018 budget, saying one thing in the campaign—infrastructure jobs—yet doing exactly the opposite— cutting infrastructure jobs—in his pro-posed budget for next year. On outsourcing, Candidate Trump la-mented the fact that so many compa-nies were shipping U.S. jobs overseas, promising: ‘‘We’re going to stop it day one. It’s so easy to stop.’’ While President Obama used regu-latory measures to stop inversions in their tracks—a company in New York, Pfizer, which I thought was so wrong to try and invert—President Trump has just signed an Executive order to re-view those rules and potentially undo them—the exact opposite of what he campaigned on. This is astounding. He said he was going to prevent jobs from going overseas. President Obama put in regulations that have virtually stopped inversions—companies moving their headquarters overseas for tax breaks. President Trump, directly in contradic-tion of what he talked about over and over and over again in his campaign, says: Now let’s review those rules and possibly undo them. It is just hard to comprehend. President Trump said his policy would be ‘‘Buy American and Hire American,’’ and he has had a bunch of little rallies where he talks about this, but he has refused to insist that pipe-lines and water infrastructure be made with American steel. If he were serious about stopping out-sourcing, he would demand that Senate Republicans put Senator B
ALDWIN ’s bill requiring infrastructure to be made with American steel on the Senate floor. If we increase water and sewer as one of our biggest infrastructure pro-posals, American steel would get a huge boost, if companies had to buy American steel. Senator B
ALDWIN has a bill that does it. President Trump has not gotten any action. He ought to tell Leader M
CCONNELL , tell Speaker R YAN he is for that bill, and they should bring it to the floor, and, with a lot of Democratic votes—probably every one, just about—we can pass it. On trade, which is another crucial issue for the American worker—maybe the issue that President Trump gar-nered the most support for from work-ing families—well, he has made some big promises, but he has either broken them or failed to deliver in his first 100 days. He pledged to hold China ac-countable for its rapacious trade prac-tices, which have robbed America of millions of jobs and cost trillions of dollars of wealth. He said China was ‘‘world champion’’ of currency manipu-lation and pledged to name it a cur-rency manipulator on day one. Presi-dent Trump has done neither of those things. He has broken his promise to name them a currency manipulator, and he has backed off on his promise to get tough with trade on China in gen-eral. This is an issue I am passionate about. I didn’t agree with President Trump on a whole lot of issues, but when he talked about China during the campaign, I said: I am closer to Presi-dent Trump on how we treat China than I was with President Obama or President Bush, and I thought it would be one of the areas where we could make real progress. Instead, we have seen a U-turn—China, not a currency manipulator, when he said over and over again they were, and they are ma-nipulating their currency. I know all the free-trade pundits get up and say: Yes, but now they are not reducing the value of their currency; they are doing the opposite of what they did when they made it easier for them to export. But they are still ma-nipulating it. It still doesn’t flow. As sure as we are sitting here, if China’s advantage is to once again devalue the currency so they can have more ex-ports and unfair advantages over American workers, they will do it in a minute. Furthermore, had he called China a currency manipulator, it would have sent a shot across China’s bow. For years, frankly, under Democratic and Republican administrations, China has gotten away with economic murder. They steal our intellectual property. They don’t let good American compa-nies into China. They buy American companies to get their technology and then produce it in China and try to ex-port it here. They have over the years manipulated the currency to their ad-vantage, among many other things. They are hurting us. Probably nothing has done more to hurt American jobs than China’s rapacious trade policies. And President Trump is nowhere to be found. In fact, he is doing the opposite of what he promised on trade. Instead of sticking up for hard-work-ing, middle-class Americans by trying to create jobs and get tough on both trade and outsourcing, President Trump has spent the last few months looking out for powerful corporations and the special interests he repeatedly campaigned against, breaking promise after promise to working families. It is a shame he has taken this route. On issues like infrastructure, out-sourcing, and trade, we Democrats agree with many of the things Can-didate Trump was saying, but he is no-where to be found to work with on these issues. President Trump could have chosen to spend his first 100 days working with us Democrats on these issues, finding compromises and con-sensus to fulfill his promises to work-ing America. Instead, he spent the first 100 days governing from the very hard right, refusing to seek Democratic input on any major legislation. That is not how you get things done here, and that is why the President has so little to show for his first 100 days. We Democrats are prepared to work with him to give the middle class and those struggling to get there a much needed boost, but the President and Republicans in Congress need to start reaching out and meeting us halfway. As I have told the President many times, if he governs from the middle, if he is willing to work with both parties to get things done, we might be able to compromise on some of the important economic issues where we have had these values for a long time—the ones I just mentioned. If the President, Re-publicans, and Congress continue their ‘‘my way or the highway approach,’’ the next 100 days will be just like the first—a lot of broken and unfulfilled promises and very few accomplish-ments from this new administration. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. FLAKE ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
ANTIQUITIES ACT  
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, President Trump is expected to issue an Executive order directing the De-partment of the Interior to review all of the national monuments issued over the past 20 years, to see whether those monuments should be reduced in size or repealed. It is clear to me that many of us know the value of our public lands. But I am questioning whether our President understands that trying to illegally roll back those national monuments—some of the most treas-ured lands in our country—is some-thing we should not do. This shortsighted move is a pretext to attacking the designation of the Bears Ears National Monument in Utah, which is sacred to the five tribes that form the Bears Ears Inter-Tribal Coalition, and is a breathtaking site for all Americans who come to experi-ence what is the unbelievable, unique beauty of the West. Whether they are there hiking or climbing or vacationing, it is a special place. But President Trump’s Execu-tive order is expected to go even fur-ther than just Bears Ears, reviewing any designation in the last 20 years, threatening the question of the San Juan Islands or Hanford Reach Na-tional Monuments and the creation of other sites around the United States and threatening our economy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 Apr 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25AP6.006 S25APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2503 April 25, 2017 
Time and again, the Trump adminis-tration is pushing for policies that are harmful to our recreation economy and a disaster for our pristine places, and it sets a terrible precedent for future con-servation efforts. The Antiquities Act is one of our Na-tion’s most successful conservation laws. It was signed into law in 1906 by President Theodore Roosevelt to des-ignate Devils Tower in Wyoming as our Nation’s first national monument. In the 110 years since its enactment, the Antiquities Act has been a very useful tool by 16 different Presidents— eight Republicans, eight Democrats— to designate more than 140 national monuments, including, as I mentioned, the San Juan Islands and Hanford Reach in the State of Washington. Nearly half of all of our national parks, including national icons such as the Grand Canyon or Olympic National Park, were first designated as national monuments under the Antiquities Act. So it is a very helpful tool to making sure we preserve those special places. I will note, too, that only 4 percent of all land in the United States is set aside this way, designated as part of the na-tional park system or as a national monument. So, of all the lands in the United States, we are asking to protect 4 per-cent of the lands, that are these unique special places, to be persevered for the American public and not turned over to special interests for oil and gas mining. I also think it is important to note that the Antiquities Act gives the President the authority to make sure that these monuments are designated because from time to time there are those who do not believe in these spe-cial places. I note that when the Grand Canyon was being considered, an editorial in that time period editorialized: ‘‘The idea of protecting the Grand Canyon represents a fiendish and diabolical scheme.’’ Now, I don’t think that is what Americans think today about the Grand Canyon, nor do they think that it is something that hasn’t enriched the lives of millions of Americans over the years or added to our economy and tourism. So I find it ironic that the same people think that the designation of Bears Ears is somehow a ‘‘fiendish and diabolical scheme.’’ Well, what I know is that the Presi-dent is wrong to think he can use the Antiquities Act in reverse. In 1938, an Attorney General’s opinion was issued stating that the President did not have the authority to use it in reverse. So I think any attempt by the Trump administration to modify or revoke earlier national monument proposals is without the legal authority to do so. But I also want to make sure that we are talking about how important and how special Bears Ears is. It is a monu-ment of true significance. It encom-passes 1.3 million acres of beautiful desert hills, mesas, and sandstone can-yons in southeastern Utah and is home to some of the most spiritually signifi-cant lands of the local Tribes and some of the best rock climbing in the world. Bears Ears encompasses Native American archaeological sites dating back at least 13,000 years. The area is covered in rock art, petroglyphs and pictographs, cliff dwellings, and arti-facts. So if nothing else, those special places should be preserved. It is also special to many of the early inhabitants of that area: the Ute Tribe, the Navajo Tribe, the Uintah Ouray Tribe, the Hopi Tribe, and the Zuni Tribe. Bears Ears is important to these Tribal members for sacred ceremonies, and hunting, and fishing. Bears Ears also continues to be one of the richest paleontological resources in our Nation, with fossil records dat-ing back millions of years. So it is easy to see why it is so important that this special place was designated. In addition to its historical and cul-tural significance, Bears Ears is also a world-class recreation resource visited by rock climbers from all over the world. It is also visited by hunters, hikers, canyoneers, white water rafters, mountain bikers, and the en-tire conservation community. That is why the Outdoor Retailer show, which had previously located its biannual event in Utah, decided after two dec-ades that they were pulling out. That is right. They are pulling out their $40 million contribution to the Utah econ-omy because they are against the ef-forts by many in Utah to oppose the Bears Ears monument and try to get the President to reverse the Antiq-uities Act and then use that Federal land for oil and gas exploration. I was so proud to see the outdoor industry take such a bold step. Companies like REI, Patagonia, Black Diamond, and Outdoor Research really made a big and bold statement. They decided that if a State was going to attack the very economy that was so important to their jobs in recreation, they were going to do something about it. I agree with the Salt Lake Tribune editorial on the Outdoor Retailer’s de-cision, which said that the debate over public lands is about ‘‘who we are and where we are headed. To get there, we need leaders with a better appreciation of the magnificent gifts God has given everyone, not just Utahans.’’ So what is ironic and, frankly, a bit sad is that at the same time the Trump administration is waging war on our public lands and fighting imaginary ones, like the War on Coal, we have new data on just what an economic en-gine the recreation industry has be-come. Just today, the Outdoor Industry Association released a new report on the economic contributions of the recreation economy. Today, the recre-ation industry generates $887 billion in consumer spending every year. That is up more than $200 billion—from $646 billion—since the last time the study was done a few years ago. What does this tell us? Not only do more Ameri-cans enjoy recreation on our public lands, but an economy has been built around it, and it continues to grow and thrive, with new products, new serv-ices, and more comfortable and innova-tive ways to enjoy the outdoors. The outdoor recreation economy is respon-sible for 7.6 million jobs in this coun-try. That is a growth of 1.5 million jobs since the last time the report was done. Meanwhile, the Trump administra-tion seems perfectly content to do the bidding of these natural resources in-dustries instead of focusing on these jobs and these recreational opportuni-ties that are booming. In fact, the clean energy economy is now sup-porting more jobs than fossil fuels in 26 States and the District of Columbia. So it is an economy that exists in many parts of our country. On top of this effort to try and weak-en these national monument designa-tions and use the Antiquities Act in re-verse, the President is also expected to gut some of our key investments in science and innovation that are also helping us grow in new ways. I will tell you that pollution is not an economic strategy. We cannot turn the economy of the past into hope for the future. What we need to do is make sure we are paying attention to the unique resources that these special places represent and the great heritage of both Democratic and Republican ad-ministrations, which have done great work by protecting places like the Grand Canyon and Bears Ears. I hope all of my colleagues will real-ize that this is a futile effort and that these special places do not belong only to us. They do not belong to the people who are here on the Senate floor. They belong to generations and generations of Americans. To those great Presidents—Repub-lican and Democratic—who made those decisions and created those special places for all of us, thank you. I hope that some future generation will be standing here thanking us for pro-tecting Bears Ears and all of the na-tional monument designations that have taken place over the last two dec-ades. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
FARM SERVICE AGENCY  
Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I rise today to acknowledge and honor Michi-gan farmers. Agriculture is a vital part of Michigan’s economy. In fact, Michi-gan is home to more than 51,000 farms that contribute over $100 billion to our Nation’s economy. Michigan is also the second most diverse agricultural pro-ducer in the Nation, growing more than 300 commodities, including a sig-nificant portion of our Nation’s milk, corn, cherries, cucumbers, and much more. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 Apr 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25AP6.008 S25APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2504 April 25, 2017 
Last week I had the pleasure of vis-iting the Iciek Dairy Farm in Gladwin, MI. It was incredible to see firsthand how this family-run dairy has grown from a small farm of a few dozen cows to a large, modern dairy operation with 700 cows and seven full-time employ-ees. Today, the Iciek Dairy works with the Michigan State University Exten-sion program to help mentor new busi-nesses and farmers who are just start-ing off with their own small dairy oper-ation. Michigan’s farmers and farmers all across our country feed our country and people around the globe, and we must do what we can to support them. Our agricultural businesses rely on the ability to access the resources they need to keep growing, creating jobs, and contributing to our economy. Access to these resources can be es-pecially challenging for new small farm operations that are just getting started, including those small farms that make up 82 percent of Michigan’s agricultural producers. Small farms that are just starting up or are facing tough economic conditions sometimes struggle to find and secure affordable credit. That is why I am working across the aisle with Senator T
ILLIS to urge congressional appropriators to fully fund the Farm Service Agency loan programs as Congress considers government funding bills for 2018. The Farm Service Agency works with lenders to guarantee and deliver small dollar loans to the small farms that need them the most. When a farm has no other options, Farm Service Agency loans and guarantees can help farmers cover urgent operating costs for feed, seed, and fertilizer to get them through the season. Without these loans, farm-ers could lose their ability to purchase equipment and other necessities for the planting season and could be forced to curtail their operations. Currently, more than 2,300 farms in Michigan have Farm Service Agency loans totaling over $630 million. Across the country last year, the Farm Serv-ice Agency made and guaranteed a total of 39,650 loans totaling $6.3 bil-lion. It is critical that Farm Service Agency funding reflect expected de-mand for loans so that small farms can continue to have this crucial lifeline. This program is in such high demand that just last year the Farm Service Agency ran out of money to finance its operating loans, including more than 1,000 loans that had already been ap-proved for small farmers. This led to a backlog of loans, and farmers were forced to wait for months until Con-gress passed emergency funding to get the loans they needed for their day-to- day operations. Access to capital is critical across a range of businesses, but it is incredibly important to our farmers. They can lose out on an entire growing season if they cannot buy the equipment and the supplies they need while they wait for Congress to fund the Farm Service Agency. Today, ensuring that the Farm Serv-ice Agency has sufficient funding is even more critical, especially following President Trump’s proposed $4.7 billion cut to the U.S. Department of Agri-culture. Like our small businesses, students, and families, America’s farmers de-serve to have affordable loan options, and they deserve our attention and our support. I urge my colleagues to join me in asking for robust Farm Service Agency funding so we can continue to support our farming communities as they support and sustain us each and every day. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. FOREIGN POLICY  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, as we come back into session after a 2-week State work period, I think we need to take stock of what we have been able to accomplish in working together dur-ing the last few months. Through the efforts of the adminis-tration and in working with Congress, we have been able to greatly lessen the regulatory burden on many American job creators, which is something sorely needed while our economy has been bumping along at, roughly, 2 percent growth of our gross domestic product since the Great Recession of 2008. We have confirmed a ninth Supreme Court Justice, and we have seen strong, cred-ible action taken against people like the terrible Assad regime in Syria. It is important to remember, as folks continue to judge the current adminis-tration and its foreign policy in par-ticular, how we got here and what this White House inherited after 8 years of the Obama administration. As President Obama left office, he left in his wake fires burning around the world. There is no better example than the Middle East. President Obama celebrated the Arab Spring as a testa-ment to the power of a democratic voice, but he did little to help our part-ners across the Middle East and North Africa find stability and prosperity. Along the way, he made the world a lot more dangerous for all of us by his in-action or, in some cases, by his actions. Libya is one of the most tragic exam-ples. Without his coming to Congress but instead going to the United Nations for a resolution, under President Obama’s watch, the country fractured after he helped to launch a poorly conceived military campaign that helped depose Muammar Qadhafi, with no plan at all as to what to do afterward to stabilize the country. Apparently, despite all of President Obama’s criticisms of Presi-dent Bush’s 2003 invasion of Iraq, he learned very little from it, and terror-ists, including ISIS, jumped at the op-portunity to fill the vacuum in Libya. Later, the American Consulate in Benghazi would be attacked, resulting in the deaths of four Americans, in-cluding that of Ambassador Chris-topher Stevens. That was the result of President Obama’s failed strategy in Libya. To the east, as 2016 came to a close, Syria was embroiled in even more dis-array, more bloodshed, and more vio-lence than when the civil war initially broke out. President Obama promised the world—now infamously—that should the Syrian Government use chemical weapons that at that point a red line would have been crossed. We know how that turned out and so do the citizens of Syria and so do, impor-tantly, other thugs, autocrats, and dic-tators around the world—red lines crossed but not enforced. President Obama’s threats went un-answered. Russia became bolder in its support of Assad as it became clearer that the United States would not inter-vene. Now, in light of years of inaction by the previous administration, we have a refugee crisis in the Middle East and throughout Europe. Millions of people have been displaced both inter-nally and externally across Europe. We have a war criminal leading the Syrian Government who has repeatedly used chemical weapons and indiscriminately killed civilians, including children, in a region even further from any measure of stability than when President Obama took office. Yet, instead of developing a strategy, instead of listening to his own military and national security leadership, Presi-dent Obama and his team perversely opted to strengthen our adversary Iran. The ill-conceived JCPOA deal ce-mented the status of this state sponsor of terrorism as a future nuclear power as it released billions of dollars in sanctions relief to the regime and em-powered our enemy to engage in even more terrorist activities abroad and around the world. After 8 years of the Obama administration, the bottom line is, our foremost enemy in the Middle East became stronger, not weaker. On top of all of that, President Obama pushed aside our strongest ally in the region—Israel—time and time again to appease nations that were working against us. That is simply not how the United States should operate in its leadership role around the world. I could go on and on about the for-eign policy failures of the last adminis-trations with respect to the Middle East, but it is not the only region in worse shape. Under President Obama’s watch, Russia invaded Crimea and eastern Ukraine. It repeatedly threat-ened NATO member states and ramped up its cyber espionage to influence and undermine public confidence in free and fair elections both in the United States and in Europe. Along the way, our allies in Europe were cast aside rather than assured of our support—all with Russia’s mounting aggression close by. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 Apr 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25AP6.010 S25APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2505 April 25, 2017 
In the Pacific, China continued to ad-vance its regional dominance by mak-ing claims to islands disputed by our allies, going so far as to convert sand bars and reefs into island military bases—some with 10,000-foot military- capable runways right there in the South China Sea. Finally, North Korea continues to de-velop and test its nuclear and ballistic missile capabilities with the threat of soon being able to use both to reach the continental United States. North Korea carried out four nuclear tests during the Obama administration. That is simply unacceptable. The truth is, after two terms of inac-tion, no coherent strategy, and leading from behind, our allies and partners around the world questioned the com-mitment and power of the United States and our ability to defend our na-tional interests around the globe. I, personally, am thankful for what we have seen President Trump accom-plish so far, even in a short period of time. His tough but honest discussions about America’s role in the world are appreciated not only by those of us here at home but by our allies and friends around the world who have been hungry for American leadership. When Assad crossed a line the entire international community deemed ab-horrent, President Trump, unlike President Obama, took action. Unfor-tunately, President Trump has inher-ited foreign policy predicaments that were created by both the action and in-action of his predecessor around the world. My hope is, President Trump will continue to work with the great team he has assembled to make sure U.S. interests are put first and that America continues to exert its leader-ship role around the world. The truth is, a strong America and an America that leads is a stabilizing and peacekeeping influence around the world. Just the opposite is also true. As America retreats, there is no other country that can fill that leadership vacuum. It is inherently destabilizing, and it is an invitation for bad actors around the world to take advantage of that power vacuum. I look forward to working with the administration, as well as all of our colleagues in the Congress, to help keep Americans safe by making clear that we will back up and support our allies and partners abroad and send a powerful message to those who threat-en our interests. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
RUZ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I support Mr. Rosenstein’s nomination to be Deputy Attorney General. Not only is he a very experienced and ac-complished attorney, he has served in the Justice Department for almost three decades under five Presidents, but he served as the U.S. Attorney for the District of Maryland under both President Bush and President Obama— a very rare record of service. During his nominations hearing to be Deputy Attorney General, Mr. Rosenstein promised us that he would ‘‘work to de-fend the integrity and independence of our justice department, to protect pub-lic safety, to preserve civil rights, to pursue justice, to advance the rule of law and to promote public confidence.’’ However, many Members have men-tioned they are concerned about the FBI Director’s announcement of an in-vestigation of Russia. And during his nominations hearing, Mr. Rosenstein was repeatedly asked if he would com-mit to appointing a special counsel to handle any investigation in this mat-ter. I was impressed with his unfailing commitment to independence when he answered these questions. Rather than prejudge investigations before he knows the facts, he unwaveringly promised to make deci-sions only after thoroughly reviewing all the relevant information in a par-ticular case. He committed to not pre-judge the situation before he knew the facts. And he committed to conducting every investigation with independence. I personally believe Mr. Rosenstein possesses the necessary independence to conduct any investigation of this type. He told us he had never met with Russian officials nor has he spoken to the President or Attorney General about this matter. And he spoke in great length about his career-long com-mitment to independence and to con-duct his work free from political con-cerns. In fact, we already know that he has a well-known reputation for independ-ence. In 2012, Attorney General Holder specifically asked Mr. Rosenstein to handle a special investigation into leaks of classified information because of his reputation for independence and impartiality. When Republicans suggested a spe-cial prosecutor might be appropriate, members of the Judiciary Committee assured us that none was necessary precisely because Mr. Rosenstein was at the helm of the investigation. One member of the Committee described him as a ‘‘scrupulous man’’ and ‘‘inde-pendent.’’ There was ‘‘no reason to be-lieve why [he] cannot work with the FBI and assemble a very strong pros-ecution team where warranted.’’ Mr. Rosenstein is still scrupulous and independent. If Mr. Rosenstein could conduct an investigation with inde-pendence under Holder then, he can certainly do it now. Furthermore, Mr. Rosenstein comes with high rec-ommendations from a bipartisan list of former Attorneys General and Deputy Attorneys General. And he comes with high recommendations from his home state Senators, current and former. Former Senator Mikulski wrote the committee and told us that he will be a ‘‘strong, experienced leader at the Department of Justice who is fair and committed to the equal application of our laws’’ and ‘‘In these polarized times, now, more than ever we need a strong, experienced leader at the De-partment of Justice who is fair and committed to the equal application of our laws. I hope the Senate will con-firm Rod Rosenstein for this important position.’’ After Senator CARDIN described all Mr. Rosenstein’s professional accom-plishments when he was introducing him at the hearing, he said, ‘‘What im-presses me the most, he has done this in a totally non-partisan manner.’’ And concluded by saying, ‘‘I think Mr. Rosenstein is the right person at the right time for Deputy Attorney Gen-eral.’’ Finally, James Cole, President Obama’s Deputy Attorney General, wrote to inform the committee that Mr. Rosenstein will respect the need for the Department ‘‘to not only en-force the laws, but to also maintain a level of independence that enables it to have credibility in the eyes of our citi-zens.’’ From all I see and know about him, I believe Mr. Rosenstein will keep his promise for integrity and independ-ence. He promised us if he is confirmed as Deputy Attorney General, ‘‘all in-vestigations under my supervision [will] be initiated and conducted in a fair, professional, and impartial man-ner, without regard to political consid-erations.’’ We can’t ask for anything more. I urge all my colleagues to join me in voting to confirm Mr. Rosenstein to be Deputy Attorney General. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that all time postcloture on the Rosenstein nomina-tion expire at 5 p.m. today and that, if confirmed, the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action and the Senate resume consideration of the Acosta nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. GRASSLEY. I yield the floor. 
f 
RECESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:30 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:25 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25AP6.012 S25APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2506 April 25, 2017 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Nebraska. 
HONORING NEBRASKA ’S SOLDIERS WHO LOST  
THEIR LIVES IN COMBAT  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I rise today to remember another of Nebras-ka’s fallen heroes—those young men and women who have given their lives defending our freedom in Iraq and Af-ghanistan. They all have different sto-ries. Their families all have the same request: Remember their sacrifice. By telling the stories of these heroes here on the Senate floor, we honor the re-quest of these Gold Star families. 
SPECIALIST WILLIAM ‘‘BILL’’ BAILEY  
Today, Mr. President, I honor the life and service of William ‘‘Bill’’ Bailey of Bellevue, NE. Now, the name ‘‘Wil-liam’’ comes from old German. It means ‘‘determined protector’’. Bill Bailey lived up to his name. His moth-er Margaret says he was a born pro-tector. When Bill was very young, he lost his father to a car accident. Mar-garet recalls how Bill embraced his younger sister Jessy just after her birth. The word came to her at once: protective. As he grew, Bill naturally looked to protect those outside his family too. Ron Budwig was matched with Bill through the Big Brothers Big Sisters program. Ron recalled a simple but profound example of Bill looking out for Ron’s family. Ron’s mother was running late to one of the program’s activities, and, meanwhile, the parking lot was filling up. Bill went and stood in a parking space, keeping it open until Ron’s mother could come. It was a simple act, but it said a lot. Bill attended Bellevue East, where the call to protect his country prompt-ed him to enlist in the Nebraska Army National Guard in 1995. After grad-uating from high school in 1996, he served out his enlistment with distinc-tion. A few years later, in December 2000, Bill met Deanna, whom everyone calls Dee. She was a bank teller at Wells Fargo. He drove an armored truck. They met through a service window. Now, Bill had left the service in 2001 when his enlistment ended. After 9/11, he felt the call to serve his country again—but first things first. Bill and Dee married in 2004. Dee’s children, Cody and Maquala, took immediately to Bill and his children, Catlynn and Billy. Logan soon followed. As you can expect, Bill’s protective nature made him a great father. It also made him a great firefighter. Extend-ing his protection beyond his family once again, he joined the Bellevue Vol-unteer Fire Department. He was a nat-ural fit. Whether there or working as a life flight dispatcher, Bill worked to keep Bellevue safe. That deep desire to serve his country continued to tug at him. In 2005, Bill reenlisted in the Nebraska Army Na-tional Guard. Originally assigned to the 600th Transportation Company, he transferred to the 755th Chemical Com-pany. Why the transfer? Because he learned the 755th would soon deploy. In late 2006 it did. Bill Bailey went with it. The 755th Chemical Company was assigned to provide security escorts for truck convoys operating out of the Balad Air Base in Iraq. Iraq at this time was increasingly unstable. It was dangerous, but Bill’s good nature made it bearable. SGT Timothy Ossowski remembers SPC Bill Bailey fondly: ‘‘When I be-came his team leader, I thought I had struck the jackpot.’’ By 2007, the insur-gency in Iraq had erupted to new levels of violence. Increased American forces sought to seek out and destroy the al- Qaida network. Casualties ran high. Despite the high operations tempo, Bill and Dee communicated almost every day through phone calls or texts. On May 24, they were able to talk by phone. In typical fashion, Bill men-tioned he was excited to finish his dull watchtower duty and start a new secu-rity escort mission the next day. Bill was also excited for his upcoming leave in June, when the Bailey family planned to celebrate Bill’s birthday. The next day, May 25, 2007, Bill took part in that security escort mission. During it, his vehicle struck an impro-vised explosive device. Three Nebraska Army National Guard soldiers were wounded, and Bill Bailey was killed. More than 1,000 people gathered in Bellevue to remember Bill. A Patriot Guard of more than 100 flag-flying mo-torcycles accompanied his funeral pro-cession. Specialist Bailey earned sev-eral military awards, including the Purple Heart, the Bronze Star, the Iraqi Campaign Medal, and the Combat Action Badge. Bill’s brother-in-law, Damian Kuzeppa, summarized Bill’s life: 
Bill was a wonderful husband, brother, son, father. He dedicated quite a bit of his life to helping other people. He was definitely a go- doer. He will definitely be missed. 
William Bailey is survived by his mother Margaret, his wife Deanna, and their children, Cody, Maquala, Catlynn, Billy, and Logan. Bill Bailey is a true Nebraska hero. I am honored to tell his story. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Delaware. 
BORDER SECURITY  
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I am pleased to be able to serve with the Presiding Officer on the Committee on Homeland Security. Part of our respon-sibilities on homeland security is to make sure, to the extent that we can, that our borders are secure. We do that in a variety of ways. We do that, in some cases, with our Border Patrol of-ficers. We have a lot of them. We ap-preciate the work they do. We also have, in many places, par-ticularly along the border of Mexico— as the Presiding Officer knows—a lot of fencing that is there. We have a lot of roads that our vehicles can travel along to have mobility on the ground. Our President has proposed, at least earlier this year, that we spend about $25 billion to build a wall, maybe 10-, 15-, 25-feet high along the 2,000 miles between the Pacific Ocean and the Gulf of Mexico. I have never been convinced that that is the best way—to put all of our money in the basket—that that is real-ly the best way to better ensure the se-curity of our border with Mexico. As it turns out, most of the folks who are coming into the United States from that part of the world are not Mexi-cans. Actually, more Mexicans are going back into Mexico than Mexicans coming across the border into the United States. Most of the illegal immigration—not all but most of it—is coming from three countries: Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador. The reason why they come here is because their lives are miserable. They are miserable because we buy drugs. We have this insatiable appetite for illegal drugs. So a lot of them are trafficked through Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador. We send money down to those three countries for the drugs, and we send guns down to that part of the world. When we catch bad guys in this coun-try from Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador, we send them back to those three countries. So part of the security of our south-ern border involves actually trying to help those three countries figure out ways to keep their people home, rather than wanting to come to our country. Part of it is making sure that they have decent lives to live. Twenty years ago, as you all may remember, a bunch of gunmen rounded up the supreme court justices in Colombia, took them into a room, and shot and killed them—shot them all to death. It was a time when the government was tottering and there was a question of whether they were going to survive in Colombia. Some very brave people stood up in Colombia and said: No, no, we want to survive, we want to fend off the drug cartels, and we want to fend off the leftist guerillas. Ultimately, they were successful. It has taken 20 years. They worked on something called Plan Colombia to help turn around their country. We came in, and we helped them. They did the heavy lift-ing, and we helped out as well. I like to say that it is sort of like at Home Depot: ‘‘You’’ can do it—using, in that case, Colombia—and ‘‘we’’ being the United States. A similar kind of thing is going on in Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador. They have come up with their own Plan Colombia. You might call it ‘‘Plan Central America.’’ The three countries have come up with things they are responsible for doing to im-prove the quality of life for their folks and the ability to have economic growth and opportunity and hope. We are helping out as well. We have done 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:25 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25AP6.017 S25APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2507 April 25, 2017 
that in some appropriations bills for the last fiscal year. We are trying to spend a little bit more. Wisely in-vested, it will be a fraction of what they are actually spending on their own. To the extent that those three coun-tries can be more attractive to people who live there, that actually helps a whole lot in terms of the pressure on our own borders. Plus, it is the right thing to do. The other thing I would mention, as to our energy policy in this country, is that sometimes we have had an ‘‘all of the above’’ energy approach. It is not just coal, it is not just wind, it is not just solar, it is not just geothermal, it is not just nuclear, and it is not just natural gas. It is all of the above. It is conservation as well. We need a similar approach to con-tinuing to protect our borders, whether it is in the South or other places. But it should involve a variety of things. There are some places along the 2,000 miles where it will actually make some sense. There are a lot of places where a fence makes more sense. There are a lot of places where it makes more sense just to pave the roads alongside the border. The Presiding Officer actually spent, as he said, his ‘‘misspent youth’’—but I will say his youth—earlier in his life where he and other kayakers were in boats along the Rio Grande River. Part of border security is boats along that stretch of the river, that stretch of the border because it is literally hundreds of miles where the border is defined by a river. So in some places, boats make sense. In other places, boat ramps make sense. Sometimes it makes sense to have drones up in the air that can surveil up to 100 miles into Mexico for folks com-ing our way. Sometimes it makes sense to put helicopters, sometimes fixed- wing aircraft. But you can’t just send them up with binoculars. You need to put the right kind of surveillance equipment on there. We have that equipment. The key is to put it on the aircraft. Sometimes stationary towers going up 200, 300 feet makes sense. Some-times it makes sense to make those mobile. Sometimes we can put those surveillance systems 5,000 feet up in the air to look literally 100 miles into Mexico to see what is coming our way. If we have the right surveillance sys-tem, they could see not just during daylight, sunny skies, but they could see at night. They can see in fog and dense fog. So the key is all of the above—it is not any one thing—and to find out what works. The other thing is, maybe to continue to support and ask our Border Patrol: What do you guys and gals think? What do you think makes sense? And listen to them. No, I am not smart enough to figure out how much money we put exactly in each one of those, but I think it makes sense, depending on what the needs are and on the advice of the folks who real-ly are the experts on the ground, what they suggest, and we can do an ‘‘all of the above’’ approach. But we also have to consider that the reason most of the illegals are coming to our country is that they live their lives in misery. If we don’t do something to help them help themselves, we are going to be falling short of where we want to be. I just wanted to share that before we recognize the next Senator. I am looking forward to the inau-gural address of the new Senator from Illinois. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I am honored to be on the floor for the maid-en speech of my colleague Senator D
UCKWORTH . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Illinois. 
OUR SHARED VALUES  
Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. President, I thank my friend and mentor, a great Illinoisan, Senator D
URBIN for being here today. I wouldn’t be here without his guidance and friendship over the years. It is truly an honor to stand at this desk, which was once held by another great Illinoisan by the name of Barack Obama, delivering my maiden speech from the floor of the U.S. Senate to the people of Illinois, the same State that has been represented in Washington by other impressive leaders like Paul Simon and Abraham Lincoln. And it is an honor to address the people of the United States of America, the greatest Nation in the world. Though we have occasionally made choices as a society that do not reflect our best selves, we are today the great-est Nation on Earth because of the founding ideals that have anchored our Nation and because of the shared val-ues that have guided the development and strength of our economy and our people—values like treating each other equally, showing strength and resil-ience in the face of hardship, and em-bracing the diversity that makes us who we are. They are shared values that have helped us to strive toward that more perfect Union the Constitu-tion’s Framers envisioned, a more per-fect Union that offers everyone a chance to reach his or her potential, a more perfect Union that will not give up on its people, and a more perfect Union whose people don’t give up on themselves either. We face a great deal of challenges and threats, threats I know well, but we cannot allow today’s hardships to change who we are as a people, to tear down the pillars that make this Nation great. Falling victim to fear and dema-goguery will only ensure a weaker America for our children, and that is simply not the future I want for my Abigail. When we, as a society, think about the future we want for all of our chil-dren, I think it is important for us to remember how we got here. Our Nation wasn’t founded as the dominant global economic and military force that it is today. We were not founded as the leader of the free world; our people built that. Americans understood that when we invest in ourselves, the fabric that holds our country together only grows stronger. A scrappy gang of pa-triots in the American Revolution—my own family included—won us our lib-erty, which we used to push for greater civil and human rights and to make in-vestments in agricultural and edu-cational systems that sparked our economy, allowing us to strengthen our military into the greatest fighting force the world has ever seen. Success, however, was never guaran-teed. From our founding, the United States of America was forged through fierce debates and stark divisions. Slavery led to bloodshed across the country, including in the Senate Cham-ber, and culminated in brothers killing brothers during our Civil War. Yet our Union made it through our greatest challenges and emerged even stronger. We emerged a more perfect Union. Our strength has been on display out-side of our military as well: When he-roes like Frederick Douglass and Har-riet Tubman risked everything to help bring an end to slavery; when Martin Luther King, Jr., had a dream; when the children of the Little Rock Nine braved harassment and abuse to bring an end to segregated schools and en-sure educational opportunity for all; and when the backbreaking work of Asian and American laborers united our Nation from sea to shining sea with the completion of the trans-continental railroad. America catalyzed the industrial rev-olution for the globe. We helped rescue the global community from fascism during World War II. We promoted civil and human rights around the globe. We explored space, launched the internet revolution, helped feed the world, built a world-class infrastructure network, developed a gold standard education system, and grew the strongest econ-omy ever seen. We were able to win World War II not because of the brave troops in our Armed Forces alone but also because our Nation’s manufacturers and steel mills were able to produce the tanks and planes and firearms and other tools we needed to defeat the Nazis. We were able to build those weapons, launch the internet revolution, and send a man to the Moon only because we had a well- educated workforce made of people from all around the globe, all of whom had an opportunity to attend world- class colleges and universities right here in the United States, universities we spent generations strengthening. Our economy was able to grow to its current strength not only because of that well-educated workforce and those who came from distant lands but also all who came and stayed to contribute to our society. It was also able to grow because we had invested heavily in in-frastructure and built an interstate system and air and rail networks that enabled our farmers, ranchers, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:25 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25AP6.018 S25APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2508 April 25, 2017 
other producers to get their goods to market inside and outside our coun-try’s borders. We were able to feed the world not only because of our strong agricultural sector and infrastructure alone but also because of the scientific advances supported by those educational institu-tions that helped increase farm produc-tion and yields. Throughout our history, we pushed to expand human and civil rights from the abolitionists to the suffragettes, learning from people like the Tuskegee Airmen, the Selma marchers, and the LGBTQ leaders today that being inclu-sive and enabling people to reach their full potential only strengthens the American core. We did all of these things as a result of our shared values, and we have reaped their rewards for generations. We have seen our Nation’s strength in our prouder moments, as when America chose to go to the Moon—not because it was easy but, in President Kennedy’s words, because it was hard. We have seen our strength in trag-edy, reuniting under a common cause in the rubble of the Pentagon and Ground Zero on 9/11. We might get knocked down, but the America that I know, the America that I fought for and love, does not give up. That is not a Democratic principle or a Republican principle; it is simply the American way. America’s greatness has never de-pended on the strength of any indi-vidual person, but on all of us working together toward a common goal. When we have failed to stay true to our core values, when we deny another person our Nation’s promise of opportunity, our Nation’s strength suffers. When a child can’t access the tools to succeed in school, when a woman can’t afford basic healthcare, when refugees fleeing terror see the door slammed shut in their face, when we deny civil rights on the basis of skin color or sexual ori-entation or religion, and when a work-ing family can’t put food on the table, our whole Nation suffers. At the end of the day, America’s greatness depends on each of us remaining true to the common values of our Nation. But we have lost sight of those val-ues. The Nation that built an inter-state highway system, that was a ref-uge for immigrants who became the foundation of our economy, this Nation that pushed humanity to new heights, first with planes and helicopters and then into space, that same Nation seems to have forgotten how to invest in itself. Our country that ushered in the era of aviation is now home to aging air-ports that struggle to compete with their global competitors. Our country that took on the Herculean task of re-versing the flow of the Chicago River to protect the city’s drinking water can no longer muster the resources to modernize public water systems to pre-vent our children from being poisoned by lead. Our country that built the greatest military the world has ever seen, sending a signal that we will not cower in front of anyone, now finds itself with leaders who believe in the misguided notion that it is simply bet-ter to hide behind walls than to help lead with strength. Make no mistake, America has not lost her greatness. Our Nation remains the dominant force on the global stage. But if we don’t act, if we don’t invest in ourselves, our adversaries are posi-tioned to overtake us. Though some may try to convince us the path forward is less engagement with the world, less acceptance of oth-ers, and less investment in ourselves, I know the path forward for our country cannot include—does not include— turning our backs on the shared values that built this Nation. Perhaps more than any other State, Illinois knows this. We represent all the strengths of our Nation, from our dynamic cities to our strong rural and industrial communities and everything in between. We are the realization of the values that have created that ro-bust American economy, bolstered by a strong agricultural community and manufacturing sector, both of which innovate and strengthen our Nation with the help of wise public policy and investments. Those investments enabled Illinois steelworkers to help us develop our farmland, build our cities, and secure our military strength. American manu-facturing built this Nation, but too many of the steel mills we relied on to win World War II have been idled or shuttered completely. After years of illegal trade practices, like dumping of cheap foreign products and currency manipulation by our competitors, our manufacturing base has been weakened. That hurts not only American jobs but also our Na-tion’s military strength as well as the resilience of our entire economy. We simply need to do a better job of keep-ing manufacturing jobs within our bor-ders, and we need to make the invest-ments necessary to ensure that we have a workforce trained for our 21st century jobs. We can do better by Illinois’ tens of thousands of farmers as well. These farmers, ranchers, and agricultural workers form the basis of our Nation. They all wake up with a purpose, each farm feeding nearly 170 people every year while supporting an industry that is developing cutting-edge biofuels and other technologies. I have seen firsthand the painful price our Nation pays because of our overreliance on oil imported from our competitors. The simple fact is that American farmers are helping us im-prove our national security. They are helping to strengthen our Armed Forces and our entire country every day. They are already helping produce billions of gallons of clean fuel for our cars, our factories, and our military, and every single one of those gallons brings us closer to energy independ-ence. We cannot afford to leave our agri-cultural sector behind. We should be working to preserve policies like the Renewable Fuel Standard that support agricultural jobs and to open new mar-kets, like Cuba, for their goods. For generations, our manufacturers and agricultural sectors have relied on a strong infrastructure network, in-cluding roads, bridges, waterways, rail-ways, and air transportation, to get their goods to market, both domesti-cally and internationally. Illinois has often led the way. We built the Na-tion’s first elevated electric rail line in the 1800s. But today, far too much of that infrastructure is crumbling. It is in dire need of the investments our so-ciety once understood the need for. The down payments previous generations made paid dividends to us all in the form of increased tourism, lower costs, more efficient shipments, easier travel, and so many other benefits. If we fail to continue the investments past generations have made, we risk falling behind our global competitors, hurting not only our tourism industry but also our manufacturers and our hard-working ranchers, farmers, and producers who will find it harder and more expensive to get their products to market. If we choose to disregard our infra-structure much longer, we simply will not be able to compete in the 21st cen-tury global economy. Improving our in-frastructure isn’t a partisan issue. It is common sense. It is an economic pri-ority, a defense priority, and a national security imperative. This is something we can all work on together. I am proud to say that the first bill I proposed after arriving here in the Senate passed unanimously with bipar-tisan support. It will cut redtape and help streamline efforts to modernize our infrastructure and allow our econ-omy to continue growing for genera-tions to come. That is also true of supporting our schools, colleges, and universities. We have developed global gold standards for education that enable our manufac-turers, agricultural workers, engineers, and brilliant Americans all across every sector to push our economy fur-ther. There is a reason that wealthy elites across the globe—including world lead-ers from foreign lands—still send their children to be educated on our shores, in world class institutions like the Uni-versity of Illinois and the University of Chicago. Our education system is wide-ly recognized as the best in the world. Our teachers and institutions continue to produce some of the best trained and most skilled professionals in every field imaginable—both American and international students. That is a good thing. But more and more Americans are no longer able to access those same edu-cational opportunities. We have priced too many of our own children out of the market for those colleges and uni-versities that we have developed to en-sure our Nation’s workforce remains 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:25 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25AP6.020 S25APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2509 April 25, 2017 
more skilled than our competitors, or we have saddled them with crippling debt. We are failing to make the nec-essary investments in K–12 public insti-tutions that, regardless of ZIP Code, should be preparing every single one of our children to lead our country into the future. Quality primary education should not be a privilege only for the wealthy, and it should not depend on rolling the dice on receiving a voucher. In the greatest and wealthiest Nation in the world, a quality education should be a right for every single American child. Our Nation’s promise of opportunity should be a reality for every child in America, not just for those whose par-ents can afford it. We already have some of the world’s greatest teachers, the brightest students, and the best fa-cilities within our own borders. All we have to do is ensure they have the re-sources they need to succeed. That means our kids should not have to worry about going to school hungry or getting the help they need after school or being able to pay for college when they graduate high school. That is why I focus on commonsense solutions to increase access to edu-cational opportunity, whether by help-ing to lead the charge to make college more affordable or doing well to ensure the education we are providing people actually helps them find good-paying jobs when they graduate. In that vein, I am also disheartened by the recent erosion of civil rights protections in our Nation. The calls for bigger walls and closed doors are not only bad, costly policies, they run counter to our society’s shared value for inclusion over exclusion. Too many of us seem to forget the immigrant roots within our own families. If we lose sight of our Nation’s founding principles, as some in Washington would like us to do, we will lose out on the innovations we have seen from im-migrants and immigrant families. If we had rejected immigrants years ago, Apple Computers might never have been founded by the son of a Syr-ian man. I worry that at a time when we still have so much work to do to make our Union more perfect and to provide truly equal rights for all, under the current administration we are at risk of backtracking on hard-fought progress made by civil rights leaders who bled and even died for the rights of all Americans, regardless of race, gen-der, religion, sexual orientation, in-come or ZIP Code to have the right to vote, to have equal protection under the law, to have basic worker protec-tions, and for the everyday rights and privileges so many of us take for grant-ed. We still have so much progress left to make if we want the American dream to be accessible to all Ameri-cans—equal pay for equal work, a criminal justice system that truly pro-vides justice for all, nationwide leave policies that enable anyone to take time to care for a sick family member or to start a family, a society that is accessible for all disabled Americans and truly equal for all LGBTQ Ameri-cans. I worry that we are at risk of going backward instead of forward. Failing to continue our Nation’s inclusive nature weakens our global standing as well as the rest of the world begins to look elsewhere for moral leadership. That would be a failure for us and a weak-ening of our Nation that I will fight to prevent. Of course, I also know how much our military has contributed to our Na-tion’s greatness throughout our his-tory. We must do a better job of recog-nizing these contributions, not just by purchasing equipment and technology, though what our skilled workforce has done is the envy of the world, but also by ensuring that we recognize and re-spect the sacrifices made by our troops, our military families, and our vet-erans. Servicemembers embody our values of shared sacrifice and persever-ance, of loyalty and selfless service, and they each make great sacrifices to protect us. They deserve from their leaders in Washington a clear sense of mission and strategy, and they deserve to know we fully support them. So, yes, when the drums of war are beating in the White House or in Congress, you can bet I am going to be right here on the floor of the Senate, asking tough ques-tions and making sure our leaders in Washington, especially those who have never worn the uniform, truly consider the true costs of war—not just in dol-lars and cents but in human lives—in the commitments we are making on be-half of the Nation. I will also be here to remind my colleagues that we are all dishonored when any veteran is forced to lay their head down to sleep on the same streets they defended. We must end veterans homelessness. When our troops come home, I will be working to see that the veterans receive the care and support they earned for the sac-rifices they have made. Each of these components of our soci-ety contribute to what has made our country great—our military, our val-ues, our infrastructure, our agri-culture, our manufacturers, and our world-class educational system. If we fall prey to our fears, to our worst de-mons, and allow any of these pillars to fall, we will lose our opportunity to re-main the leader of the world. We can rebuild the foundation of our Nation’s strength and revamp it for the 21st cen-tury, but we can’t simply rest on our past successes and act like our great-ness is guaranteed forever. It isn’t. It will take work. This is deeply personal for me. I wouldn’t be here today without the public education that enabled me to serve in our military for more than two decades and allowed me to give back to my Nation, both in and out of uniform. Our Nation would not be as strong as it is today without the millions of indi-viduals who sacrificed to build it. Our Nation’s strength—what truly makes America great—is rooted firmly in our shared sense of sacrifice. It comes from our single parents working multiple jobs just to make sure our kids don’t go to school hungry; it comes from the farmer in Illinois waking long before dawn and working long after dusk to help power and feed our Nation; it comes from an immigrant family will-ing to put everything on the line to give their kids a chance at a better life than their own; it comes from the hard work and compassion, the sacrifice that Americans serving in our country in and out of the military demonstrate every single day. We can all do a better job of remem-bering the shared values that have helped to build this Nation, but I want to make one thing clear: America is al-ready great. We shouldn’t let anyone tell us otherwise. We know we still have a lot of work to do as a country, but let us not lose sight of the core values that make our improbable Union possible. We are still the greatest Nation on the face of the Earth, and if anyone has the capacity to overcome the challenges of today, it is this Nation. It is the American peo-ple. I thank my colleagues for joining me today for my maiden speech. Thank you, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Illinois. 
CONGRATULATING SENATOR DUCKWORTH  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I rise to thank my colleague for her first speech. The first speech given on the floor of the Senate is a memorable oc-casion for not only my colleague but for the staff, friends, and family who have followed this amazing story of T
AMMY DUCKWORTH , a U.S. Senator from Illinois. She didn’t disappoint with this first speech. If there was ever an inspirational speech speaking to who we are as a na-tion and what we can be, she encap-sulated it in her comments on the floor of the U.S. Senate. It was an aspira-tional speech, too—a challenge to all of us to do a better job for this Nation, to make it stronger and to represent more effectively the people who have sent us here to serve them. She brings a special quality to the service that very few have been able to bring to the U.S. Senate. I first met MAJ T
AMMY DUCKWORTH 12 years ago when she was my guest at the State of the Union Address just weeks after her helicopter had been shot down over Iraq. I was amazed by her tenacity, her courage, her good humor. I thought to myself, this woman has really made history. I think she can even make more history, and she has, being elect-ed to the U.S. House of Representatives as well as the U.S. Senate, an oppor-tunity that fewer than 2,000 Americans have had in our Nation’s history. I think back on what she brings to the Senate, and it is something that is special and extraordinary. To come to this Senate after her service in the military is to follow in the path of Sen-ator Bob Dole, a disabled veteran from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:25 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25AP6.021 S25APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2510 April 25, 2017 
World War II, who led the Republican side of the aisle; Senator Daniel Inouye, a personal friend to both Sen-ator D
UCKWORTH and me, who served in World War II; Senator Paul Douglas of Illinois, who served as well; Strom Thurmond, from South Carolina, a Re-publican; and more recently, Max Cleland, a Vietnam veteran; Bob Kerrey, John Kerry—the list goes on and on, the great people who have served our Nation in the military and then came to serve in the Senate. One of the points she made in that speech was one of the reasons I sup-ported her so wholeheartedly. When we face the most difficult, trying, and challenging votes in a Senate career, the vote to go to war, having the voice of T
AMMY DUCKWORTH on the floor is a reminder of the real cost of war and how we should avoid it at any cost, if we can, and what we are asking our men and women in America to do if we send them off to war. She will have more credibility, will have more con-fidence in her judgment, than virtually any colleague on the floor of the U.S. Senate. So she is going to play a spe-cial role. Finally, let me say, in a short period of time serving as a U.S. Senator from the State of Illinois, she has shown that she is not going to be taking it easy. She has covered our State from one end to the other, most recently during the Easter recess, with town meetings and meetings with all sorts of people across our State, leaving a posi-tive impression of her commitment to public service. When I saw her and her mom and her little daughter Abigail get on the plane just the other day, yesterday, to come out here, I realized it is a family com-mitment which includes all of her fam-ily and her husband Bryan. They are committed to this country, they are committed to our great State, and we are fortunate to have her service. Mr. President, I congratulate my col-league. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
OEVEN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
THE ECONOMY  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, it is no surprise that the economy continues to be one of the top issues on the minds of Americans. The 8 years of the Obama administration were characterized by weak economic growth, a dearth of jobs and opportunities, and almost non-existent wage growth. The Obama ad-ministration ushered in long-term eco-nomic stagnation. The Congressional Budget Office pre-dicts that the economy will grow at a rate of just 1.9 percent over the next 30 years—a full percentage point lower than the average growth rate over the past 50 years. We cannot resign our-selves to that. Resigning ourselves to long-term growth of 1.9 percent would mean resigning ourselves to decades of fewer jobs and opportunities, low wage growth, and a reduced standard of liv-ing. Fortunately, there are a lot of things we can do to get our economy thriving again and to spur economic growth. A recent report from the Economic Innovation Group identified one impor-tant problem with our economy today, and that is a lack of what the EIG calls economic dynamism. Economic dyna-mism, as the Economic Innovation Group defines it, refers to the rate at which new businesses are born and die. In a dynamic economy, the rate of new business creation is high and sig-nificantly outstrips the rate of busi-ness death, but that has not been the case in the United States lately. New business creation has significantly dropped over the past several years. Between 2009 and 2011, business death outstripped business birth, and while the numbers have since improved slightly, the recovery has been poor and far from historical norms. The Economic Innovation Group notes that in 2012—which, by the way, was the economy’s best year for busi-ness creation since the recession—it still ‘‘fell far short of its worst year prior to 2008.’’ This is deeply con-cerning because new businesses have historically been responsible for a sub-stantial part of the job creation in this country, not to mention a key source of innovation. When new businesses are not being created at a strong rate, workers face a whole host of problems. ‘‘A less dynamic economy,’’ the Eco-nomic Innovation Group notes, ‘‘is one likely to feature fewer jobs, lower labor force participation, slack wage growth, and rising inequality—exactly what we see today.’’ Restoring economic dynamism would go a long way toward boosting eco-nomic growth and providing new jobs and opportunities for American work-ers. One big thing we can do to achieve this is to relieve the burden of exces-sive government regulations. Obvi-ously, some government regulations are important and necessary, but too many others are unnecessary and do nothing but load businesses with com-pliance costs and paperwork hours. The more resources businesses spend on complying with regulations, the less they have available for growth and in-novation. Excessive regulations also prevent many new businesses from ever getting off the ground. Small startups simply do not have the resources to hire individuals—let alone consultants and lawyers—to do the costly work of complying with scores of government regulations. Unfortunately, over the past 8 years, the Obama administration spent a lot of time on imposing burdensome and unnecessary regulations on American businesses. According to the American Action Forum, the Obama administra-tion was responsible for implementing more than 675 major regulations that cost the economy more than $800 bil-lion. Given those numbers, it is no sur-prise that the Obama economy left businesses with few resources to dedi-cate to growing and creating jobs or that new business creation seriously dropped off during the Obama adminis-tration. Since the new Congress began in Jan-uary, Republicans in Congress and the President have been focused on repeal-ing burdensome Obama-era regula-tions. So far, we have saved individuals and businesses approximately $67 bil-lion and freed them from 56 million hours of paperwork. Eliminating bur-densome regulations will continue to be a priority for both Republicans in Congress and for the White House. In addition to removing burdensome regulations, we need to focus on re-forming our Tax Code. Our current Tax Code is strangling businesses, both large and small. Some corporations es-cape with paying very little in taxes, but others end up paying the highest corporate tax rate in the developed world. Meanwhile, small businesses and family farms face high tax rates, at times exceeding those paid by large corporations. Tax reform needs to address these ob-stacles to growth. We need to trim our excessive corporate tax rate to make U.S. businesses competitive in the global economy, and we need to reduce taxes for small businesses so that we do not choke off these sources of growth and innovation. Measures like allowing new businesses to deduct their startup costs and expense more of their investments in machinery and equip-ment would spur new business creation and help small businesses thrive. Our goal is to take up tax reform this year, and I am looking forward to that debate. Reforming our Tax Code will go a long way toward restoring dynamism to our economy and encouraging growth, job creation, and better wages. There are other growth-boosting measures we can take as well, like re-moving unnecessary barriers that re-strict access to capital. Both new and existing businesses rely on capital to help them innovate and expand. The last 8 years were discouraging years for American workers, but the stagnation of the Obama years does not have to be the new normal. American workers and job creators are as dy-namic and creative as ever; we just need to clear the obstacles from their paths. I look forward to working with my colleagues this year as we make putting our economy on the path to long-term health and vitality a top pri-ority for the U.S. Senate. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:25 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25AP6.023 S25APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2511 April 25, 2017 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TRIBUTE TO BRIAN MCGUIRE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, this is one of those days I never look for-ward to. In my time in the Senate, I have had a lot of outstanding chiefs of staff. It is a pretty impressive group of men and women who have been in that position with me over the years—none more impressive than the person who, unfortunately, I have to say goodbye to today. I am here today to pay tribute to Brian McGuire, the chief of staff in my personal office, who is going to be leav-ing after well over 10 years of service in several different capacities but over the last few years as my personal office chief of staff. He is really a uniquely gifted person. He is one of the most skilled writers I have ever encountered and, in fact, in my career, the most skilled writer I ever encountered. But in addition to that, he is good at a whole lot of other things, too, as I will subsequently describe in my remarks. As I think back about the chiefs of staff I have fortunately been lucky enough to have, none has been better at so many different things than Brian McGuire. I always hate to see these talented people go, but we know the best way for each of us to operate is to do what is in our own best interests. Of course, he has reached the point where he has a big family. There are more lu-crative alternatives out there—maybe not as much fun and not as meaningful as daily life around here but important to making sure our families are taken care of. It is hard to know really where to begin with Brian. He came to my office in 2007. It was a critical time. I had just been elected Senate Republican leader. We were not in the majority, but I had just been elected to this posi-tion. There was a lot of pressure to get things right. Obviously, I was setting up a new staff in the leadership office. I wanted the best I could find. When we set out to hire a speechwriter, I certainly wasn’t envisioning an upstate New Yorker with a master’s in philosophy and a resume that included stints at HUD and the Schenectady Daily Ga-zette. From HUD to the Schenectady Daily Gazette and a guy from Albany, NY—not exactly what I had envisioned, but that was Brian McGuire, and he quickly proved himself in that role. That wouldn’t surprise anyone who knows Brian. He is, as I said earlier, a skilled writer. He is bright. He is tal-ented. He is guided by faith and his family. He is also the consummate pro-fessional, going above and beyond each and every time, no matter what the challenge, and we have plenty of them. As the years went by, there would be many different challenging situa-tions—communications challenges, policy challenges, political chal-lenges—but whatever the issue, Brian always rose to the moment. After the 2014 election, when I be-came majority leader, I asked Brian to leave speechwriting behind and become the chief of staff in my personal office. He agreed, fortunately. He took to his new opportunity to serve the people of Kentucky with similar skill and always good humor. These days, you would be forgiven for thinking Brian had spent his formative years in Albany, KY, rather than Al-bany, NY. He is an adaptable guy. He led my office in pressing the Common-wealth’s priorities on issues as diverse as industrial hemp, clean coal tech-nology, and the fight against heroin and opioid abuse. So we can see the versatility, from a skilled writer from New York, of all places, to an effective advocate for Kentucky and Kentucky’s interests. Brian will be ably succeeded by an-other impressive individual, Phil Maxson, a Kentucky native who I know will continue Brian’s legacy of service to Kentucky and who will serve with similar distinction. Brian McGuire probably never imag-ined he would find himself here. Like me, he grew up dreaming of a career in the Major Leagues. As he put it, though, you can either hit the fastball or you can’t. And since neither of us could, we ended up here. But Brian is more than just another power hitter; he, like his idol growing up, the Mets’ Keith Hernandez, is an all-star. Brian is an indispensable utility player who can play every position, and I am not sure what I would have done without him. He is also one of the most inter-esting guys you will meet. Brian has a great sense of humor and a rather infa-mous reputation for spot-on impres-sions. He is probably the only one around here who holds Keith Her-nandez and Aristotle in similar rev-erence and can reference each with similar ease. At his core, though, Brian is incred-ibly grounded. He is all about the things that really matter—his Catholic faith, his two beautiful children, Stella and Max, and his wonderful wife Ash-ley. Ashley, I am happy to say, is due with their third child next month—just in time for Mother’s Day. So Brian has a lot to look forward to as he climbs the next mountain. I hope he takes some time to look back and reflect on all he has accomplished here in his time with us. Let me say again that Brian McGuire, on so many different occa-sions, has made me look so much bet-ter than I am. I could never thank him enough for the enormous contribution he made not only to my career but to Kentucky and to the Nation. So it won’t surprise my colleagues to know I am going to miss Brian McGuire a lot. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I rise today in support of the nomination of Rod J. Rosenstein to be the Deputy At-torney General of the United States at the Justice Department. Rod has served the people of Maryland extraor-dinarily well since 2005 as the U.S. at-torney for the District of Maryland. I am pleased to support his nomination, and I hope the Senate will confirm him in very short order. I might point out that he received a favorable recommendation from the Judiciary Committee by a lopsided vote of 19-to-1. Rod Rosenstein is the total package. He has committed his life to public service. Rod graduated from the Whar-ton School of the University of Penn-sylvania with a B.S. in economics, summa cum laude, in 1986. He earned his J.D. degree from Harvard Law School in 1989, where he was the editor of the Harvard Law Review. He then served as a law clerk to Judge Douglas H. Ginsburg of the U.S. Court of Ap-peals for the District of Columbia Cir-cuit. After finishing his clerkship in 1990, he became a trial attorney in the Public Integrity Section of the Crimi-nal Division of the Department of Jus-tice. He has remained at the Justice Department for his entire career. Mr. Rosenstein has devoted his life to public service. In Maryland, Rod was appointed in 2005 by President Bush and then held over by President Obama, with the strong support of his two home State Senators, which in-clude myself and the senior Senator at that time, Senator Barbara Mikulski. Rod has now become the longest serv-ing U.S. attorney in the country today. I really want to underscore that point. I know my colleagues know the prerogatives we have when we come into office and there is an opening at the U.S. attorney’s office because of an election of a President from your own party where the previous U.S. attorney was appointed by the other party. In this case, it was a Republican who ap-pointed Mr. Rosenstein. President Obama came into office, and the senior Senator and junior Senator had the op-portunity to replace that U.S. attor-ney, which has been the tradition in the Senate. Senator Mikulski and I had no hesitation when asking Mr. Rosen-stein to remain on as the U.S. attorney in Maryland. We did that because we knew how valuable he was for law en-forcement in our State. As U.S. attorney for the District of Maryland, Rod has garnered broad bi-partisan support from the State and local law enforcement officials across our great State as he has tackled prob-lems of crime, terrorism, drug traf-ficking, gun and gang violence, civil rights enforcement, environmental crimes, intellectual property fraud, and corruption. I just mentioned a couple of those. I sat down with the U.S. attorney to talk about gang violence in our State because I had been to Central America and I saw the exporting of gang vio-lence from Central America to Mary-land. The U.S. attorney, Mr. Rosen-stein, and I had a chance to talk about 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:25 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25AP6.025 S25APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2512 April 25, 2017 
the strategies we would use in Mary-land to combat that. But he didn’t just work by himself at the U.S. attorney level; he worked with local law en-forcement to make sure we had a team approach. In terms of his pro bono work, Rod wrote in his Judiciary Committee ques-tionnaire: 
My entire legal career has been devoted to public service, and much of my work directly benefits disadvantaged persons. In addition to my official duties and public speaking, I have taught without compensation at area law schools, served as a judge at law school moot court and mock trial competitions, and counseled other lawyers who have devoted some or all of their career to public service. 
He has truly been a model for many others in public service, a real role model. Let me share a few examples with my colleagues of how State and local offi-cials in Maryland have viewed Rod’s work over the past decade. Let me begin with the city of Baltimore, which has just entered into a consent decree with the U.S. Department of Justice to reform its police practices after the death of Freddie Gray in custody 2 years ago. Baltimore police commissioner Kevin Davis wrote: 
Mr. Rosenstein and the Baltimore Police Department have collaborated on numerous large-scale investigations and resulting in-dictments of violent criminal organizations operating in Baltimore City. Under Mr. Rosenstein’s leadership, the U.S. Attorney’s Office and its prosecutors operate with the highest sense of justice and integrity in the course of these investigations and trials. 
Commissioner Davis continues: 
It is undeniable that Baltimore City is a safer place as a result of Mr. Rosenstein’s tenure as U.S. Attorney. Through our profes-sional collaborations, I have come to know Mr. Rosenstein on a personal basis as well. Mr. Rosenstein is a man of utmost character and intellect. 
Former State’s attorney for Balti-more City, Gregg Bernstein, a Demo-crat, wrote: 
Simply stated, Rod was a terrific partner. Even a cursory review of his body of work as the United States Attorney for the District of Maryland makes readily apparent that Rod was committed to reducing the level of violent crime in Baltimore. His commitment and effort trickled down to other law en-forcement agencies as well, including the Baltimore City State’s Attorney’s Office. In Rod, we saw a person who was not inter-ested in personal credit or accolade, but in-stead, one who created an atmosphere of col-laboration that had not been seen in Balti-more for some time. It was much more im-portant to him that everyone was working as hard as they could to fight crime in the City and the rest of Maryland. 
Mr. Bernstein continues: 
As a result of his tireless efforts, Rod helped to reduce the homicide rate in Balti-more to historically low levels not seen in decades. He also was responsible for super-vising a United States Attorney’s Office that was able to dismantle many of the gangs in Baltimore that were responsible for much of the illegal drug trade and violence that have plagued the City. He has earned the uni-versal respect and admiration of not only his colleagues in the United States Attorney’s Office, but other law enforcement agencies, and a debt of gratitude from the public that has greatly appreciated his work to make Baltimore a safer place to live and work. State and local elected prosecutors of both political parties in Maryland have also weighed in in support of Mr. Rosenstein’s nomination. Scott Shellenberger, the Baltimore County State’s attorney, wrote on behalf of the Maryland State’s Attorneys’ Associa-tion: 
Rod has been an outstanding partner with every local prosecutor in the State of Mary-land. Whether it is partnering with prosecu-tors in the City of Baltimore to stem gun vi-olence, to the prosecution of prison gang cor-ruption both in the city and in rural coun-ties . . . Rod has always been there for law enforcement. When prosecutors in this State ask Rod for assistance, he does not care if you are a ‘‘D’’ or an ‘‘R,’’ he has only cared about making this State a safer place. Rod makes his decisions based on the law, the evidence, logic and reasons, never allowing emotion or passion to move him from his core mission. 
I have full confidence that Rod will call it like he sees it without regard to partisan or political considerations and that he will continue to uphold his oath to support and defend the Con-stitution and laws of the United States. I must tell you that I have heard from State and local officials directly who have worked with Rod on political corruption cases and thanked Rod for the manner in which he collaboratively worked to root out corruption and mis-conduct by State and local officials in Maryland. As you can imagine, State and local officials do not always wel-come Federal investigations or pros-ecutions into their domain, so this really speaks volumes about Rod as a prosecutor and a person and his ability to get along and accomplish results. Former Maryland attorney general Doug Gansler wrote: 
I have always found [Rod] to be totally by- the-book and completely apolitical. Rod un-derstands the importance of staying out of the political limelight. The fact that I am a Democrat who served in elected office for 16 years and that Rod was appointed by a Re-publican President never was mentioned. He makes decisions for the right reasons and ar-ticulates those reasons with aplomb. . . . Rod is and always has been extremely eth-ical and conscientious, qualities which have earned him the respect of his peers and col-leagues. 
As Deputy Attorney General, Rod Rosenstein would basically serve as the chief operating officer at the Justice Department and manage the daily op-erations of the Nation’s largest firm. The Department of Justice is a sprawl-ing Cabinet Department with more than 100,000 employees and a $28 billion budget. That is a pretty big under-taking. It is good to know that a per-son of his reputation has shown that he will not yield to partisan pressure but do what is right. It is good to know that we have that type of person whom we can confirm as the Deputy Attorney General. That is why it is so important that we have an effective manager and leader. Maryland attorney general Brian Frosh, a Democrat, wrote: I have found [Rod] to be intelligent, prin-cipled, and fair. As U.S. Attorney, Mr. Rosenstein has been an exemplary leader. He inherited an office that was in turmoil. With a steady hand and superb management, he has built it into an institution that is uni-versally respected in our state. He has been able to recruit and retain extremely talented attorneys, investigators and staff, and the office has been effective and successful in carrying out its mission. 
I expect Rod to exercise the same management style as the Deputy At-torney General overseeing the dozens of divisions, offices, and agencies at the Department of Justice. He will use that same commitment that he used as the U.S. attorney for the State of Maryland. Lastly, let me quote from former Deputy Attorney General James Cole, who served in President Obama’s ad-ministration under Attorney General Holder. I know Mr. Cole well. He was the special counsel during the House ethics investigation of former Speaker Newt Gingrich, which committee I was on. Mr. Cole supports Mr. Rosenstein’s nomination. Mr. Cole writes: 
Rod brings with him the knowledge, skill, experience, and wisdom that is required for this job. He also brings an understanding of, and respect for, the important role the De-partment of Justice occupies in our govern-ment—the need for it to not only enforce the laws, but to also maintain a level of inde-pendence that enables it to have credibility in the eyes of our citizens. Rod will make an excellent Deputy Attorney General. . . . Even at an earlier age, he exhibited the sound judgment and careful thought that was necessary to handle the very sensitive public corruption cases that were prosecuted by the [Public Integrity Section of the Criminal Division]. 
That is Mr. Cole. Mr. Cole was a former Deputy Attorney General, and he understands this role very well and understands Mr. Rosenstein is uniquely qualified to hold this position. I want to conclude by urging my col-leagues to support Mr. Rosenstein’s nomination. I especially thank Rod’s family for their contribution to public service as well. As we know, we can’t do this without a supportive family, and this service comes at a steep price in terms of time spent doing public service and sacrifices made by his family. I thank his wife Lisa and his daughters, Julie and Allison, for being willing to share their husband and father with our country. I urge the Senate to confirm Mr. Rosenstein’s nomination to be the next Deputy Attorney General of the United States at the Justice Department. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, Rod Rosenstein’s nomination to be Deputy Attorney General comes at a unique moment in history and critical junc-ture for the Department of Justice, as well as for this country. It has been 44 years since the Senate considered a Justice Department nominee who will be in charge of an active criminal in-vestigation into a sitting President’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25AP6.026 S25APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2513 April 25, 2017 
campaign and administration. Since the Judiciary Committee reported Mr. Rosenstein’s nomination to the Senate earlier this month, further press re-ports underscore how important it is that we have an independent and im-partial investigation into Russian in-terference in our elections and connec-tions with the Trump campaign and ad-ministration. In just the past 3 weeks, we learned that a notable Trump campaign adviser was reportedly the subject of a FISA warrant. CNN reported that this ad-viser was among those who ‘‘Russian operatives tried to use . . . to infiltrate the Trump campaign.’’ The AP re-ported that Paul Manafort, who worked for free as the Trump campaign chairman, previously received at least $1.2 million for consulting work on be-half of a Ukrainian ally of Russian President Putin. That is in addition to reports that Mr. Manafort earned $10 million per year for secret work on be-half of Vladimir Putin. We learned that President Trump’s first National Secu-rity Advisor ‘‘failed to list payments from Russia-linked entities’’ on his fi-nancial disclosure forms. We also learned that the President’s son-in-law and top adviser failed to disclose meet-ings with the Russian Ambassador and other officials on his application to ob-tain top secret security clearance—just like when the Attorney General pro-vided false testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee in response to questions from me and Senator F
RANKEN about his own Russian con-tacts. If confirmed, Mr. Rosenstein will as-sume leadership of the sprawling inves-tigation into Russia’s multifaceted at-tempts to interfere with our elections, an investigation that embroils not only individuals in the Trump campaign, but also those who are now in the President’s Cabinet and senior officials in the White House. Attorney General Sessions was forced to recuse himself from this investigation after the press revealed that he had misled the Judici-ary Committee and the American peo-ple about his connections to Russian officials and agents. There is no ques-tion that the Attorney General’s recusal was required—and should have happened on day 1 after assuming of-fice. Justice Department regulations required him to recuse himself because of the integral role that then-Senator Sessions played in the Trump cam-paign and his continuing contacts with those directly under investigation. These Department of Justice regula-tions protect the impartiality of all Justice Department investigations. The Justice Department’s regula-tions regarding appointment of a spe-cial counsel are equally significant. These regulations direct appointment of a special counsel when there is ‘‘a conflict of interest for the Department or other extraordinary circumstances’’ and ‘‘it would be in the public interest to appoint an outside Special Counsel to assume responsibility for the mat-ter.’’ The current situation unquestion-ably meets that standard. Mr. Rosen-stein acknowledged at his confirmation hearing that it would be an unusual challenge to lead an investigation that potentially includes the Attorney Gen-eral, his direct supervisor. This inves-tigation now not only includes Mr. Rosenstein’s potential boss, but also several others inside the White House. Americans deserve an investigation that is independent and inspires public confidence, and that requires appoint-ment of a special counsel who is free from political influence. This issue is too important for us to skew for par-tisan motivations. Country must come before party, and I hope and trust Mr. Rosenstein will understand that if he is confirmed. We know that this administration and this President have already inter-fered with the House Intelligence Com-mittee’s investigation into Russian ac-tivity and connections to the Trump campaign. DEVIN NUNES , the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, recused himself from his own commit-tee’s investigation after what Ryan Lizza of the New Yorker called a ‘‘co-ordinated effort between the Trump Administration and [Chairman] Nunes . . . to manufacture a fake scandal’’ in order to distract from, as well as ob-struct, any real investigation. Earlier this month, President Trump even said that ‘‘it’s not too late’’ to fire FBI Di-rector Comey. This administration cannot be trusted to respect the inde-pendence of any investigation, which is why we need an outside special coun-sel. Whoever assumes the role of Dep-uty Attorney General in this adminis-tration will face extraordinary tests of integrity. Mr. Rosenstein has a reputa-tion for integrity that is unusual for this administration’s nominees, and I hope he is up to the challenge. We already know from the intel-ligence community’s public report that Russian President Putin waged a multifaceted influence campaign to delegitimize Secretary Clinton and help Donald Trump win the Presidency. Worse, he intended to undermine public faith in our democratic process. This interference did not end on November 8th. It is ongoing and, according to the intelligence community, President Putin will continue using cyberattacks and propaganda campaigns to under-mine our future elections—but there is still much we do not know. We need a thorough, independent in-vestigation. President Putin’s goal last year was to undermine our democratic institutions—to corrode Americans’ trust and faith in our government. If we do not get to the bottom of Russian interference, he will have been success-ful, and he will no doubt do it again. I hope that Mr. Rosenstein will do the right thing and appoint a special coun-sel to lead a truly independent inves-tigation—one in which all Americans can have confidence. If confirmed, Mr. Rosenstein will face other critical tests as well, including whether he will continue to support the Justice Department’s Smart on Crime initiative, focusing the most se-rious criminal penalties on the most serious offenders. With his 27 years of experience in the Justice Department, I hope that Mr. Rosenstein will be an independent check on the excesses of this administration, which has already sought to undermine the principle of judicial review. He has served as U.S. Attorney under both Democratic and Republican administrations, so I hope that, as Deputy Attorney General and as Acting Attorney General in matters relating to the Trump campaign, he will remember that he is not the Presi-dent’s attorney, but the people’s attor-ney. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Delaware. THE PRESIDENT ’S BUDGET  
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I rise today to address President Trump’s proposed budget for fiscal year 2018. My predecessor in this seat, my friend, former Vice President Joe Biden, once said to me years ago: Show me your budget and I will show you your values. One of my concerns about the pro-posal we have received—the initial slimmed-down overview proposal we have received—is that it suggests val-ues that I think are quite out of line with what my home State of Delaware would look for me to be doing in this body, what I think addresses the real needs and priorities of the American people. Last month President Trump re-leased an overview of his budget—what is called a skinny budget—and we haven’t yet received a full and detailed budget proposal. Even though what we have received is just an overview, it in-dicates that the cuts President Trump is proposing will significantly weaken vital domestic programs, often with the goal of completely eliminating ex-isting and valued initiatives. This chart gives a rough summary of all the different Federal agencies that would take double-digit hits in order to be able to pay for the significant $54 billion increase to defense spending. Targeting only nondefense programs that millions of Americans and Dela-wareans rely on ignores commitments made over the last couple of budget cy-cles and years, as Republicans and Democrats have worked together to en-sure placing equal priority on defense and nondefense spending. Under sequestration, under the Budg-et Control Act, we have already made significant cuts to important domestic programs. After the difficult budgets of the last few years, in my view, we have already made too many cuts to some of the programs that helped build our Na-tion. To be clear, I am as passionate as anyone in this body about supporting our Armed Forces, particularly when they are in harm’s way and particu-larly as we continue to conduct oper-ations against ISIS in Iraq and Syria. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:25 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25AP6.002 S25APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2514 April 25, 2017 
But Democrats will not stand for cut-ting domestic programs simply to pay for a $54 billion military expansion that hasn’t been explained or justified through a thorough review of what are the appropriate investments in defense that will respond to the challenges and threats we face in this world. To pay for that $54 billion increase in defense by cutting investments in edu-cation, housing, job training, and more here at home strikes me as the wrong set of priorities and the wrong direc-tion. If anything like these proposed Trump budget cuts are enacted, I know my home State of Delaware would lose millions and millions of dollars for val-uable and effective Federal programs that help my constituents each and every day. Trump’s budget proposal would cut research and health pro-grams. It would cut job-creating infra-structure programs. It would cut grants for higher education. It would cut housing and so much more. I wish to take a few minutes to focus on a few of many proposed budget cuts to give a sense of the impact it might have on our livelihood, our security, and our prosperity at home. Let me start with some cuts that would di-rectly affect our national security, our safety. In my view, the deep cuts made in the proposed Trump budget would sim-ply make us less safe. For example, the U.S. Coast Guard, which has a station in Delaware, would be cut by more than $1.3 billion. The Transportation Security Administration, or TSA, has just as high a cut. Ironically, even though these are the very agencies that protect our ports and other points of entry, Trump proposes cutting their funding so that a southern border wall can be built for an estimate well above $25 billion. This simply makes no sense. If you listen to the words of the Coast Guard Commandant, ADM Paul Zukunft, he warned that simply focus-ing all those resources on building a wall along the border with Mexico would make our ports and waterways even more appealing to smugglers and those who seek to bring illicit drugs or to bring people into the United States through unlawful entry. That is not all. The Trump budget would make us less safe by depleting Federal protection from natural disas-ters, starting with a proposed $600 mil-lion cut to FEMA State and local grants. The budget also proposes re-structuring fees for the National Flood Insurance Program, which would lead to raising rates for homeowners who get flood insurance. My home State of Delaware is the lowest mean elevation State in Amer-ica—literally the lowest lying State and ground zero for sea level rise. These cuts would have a significant im-pact on homeowners up and down my State, those at our seashore and those in my home community of Wilmington who face steadily rising flood insurance premiums. It is not just our safety, though, that would be impacted by the President’s budget; it also threatens job growth and economic security. As a President who ran a campaign on a middle-class jobs agenda, I am struck that his pro-posed budget would endanger Ameri-cans across the country financially by also undermining support for develop-ment in both rural areas and urban areas. Take the Department of Agri-culture, which provides critical support through the Rural Development Pro-gram. In Delaware, at least, Rural De-velopment, or RDA, has played a crit-ical role in supporting housing, busi-nesses, and communities in the rural parts of Delmarva—Delaware and Maryland. The Trump budget would also elimi-nate the Rural Business-Cooperative Service, or RBS, which promotes eco-nomic development in distressed rural areas. That is a program which has supported things like Del Tech auto-motive technician training and archi-tectural services for the Seaford His-torical Society, among many other things. Something I am much more familiar with and more passionate about is the Manufacturing Extension Partnership. Across the State of Delaware, the MEP, as it is known, has helped small and medium manufacturing companies to be better at taking advantage of cutting-edge technology, under-standing how to manage their inven-tory, how to invest more wisely in new capital equipment, and how to grow and compete around the world. Since 2000, Delaware’s Manufacturing Extension Partnership Program has used Federal support to help Delaware manufacturers increase sales by more than $120 million, helping create more than 1,600 good-paying jobs and finding over $100 million in cost savings in Delaware’s small and medium manu-facturers. These are great impacts for a fairly small program. Why that pro-gram specifically targeted at helping small and medium manufacturing com-panies would be a priority for elimi-nation is beyond me. Cuts to other areas that impact re-search and energy in our economy also strike me as unwise and ill-considered. It is not just our economy and national security; Trump’s budget would also threaten our infrastructure, our trans-portation, and our housing. As a Delawarean and someone who rides Amtrak between Wilmington and Washington almost every day we are in session, I know how important our pas-senger rail system is for the Northeast, as well as for connecting the rest of our country. Amtrak’s long-distance routes are critically important to the Na-tion’s economy and to sustaining pas-senger rail as a nationwide Federal service. Yet, as our competitors around the world are investing billions of dol-lars in high-speed rail and in efficient rail networks that connect whole coun-tries, President Trump’s proposal would eliminate all Federal funding for Amtrak’s long-distance routes. Another effective Federal program that has made a difference in my home State in infrastructure is the so-called TIGER Program, which invests in a whole range of infrastructure options— highway, transit, rail and port—by leveraging private capital and sup-porting competitive, innovative solu-tions to infrastructure challenges. The TIGER Program has supported projects like a new regional rail transportation center at the University of Delaware, taking advantage of the former Chrys-ler rail yard, and the significant new growth we are seeing at the University of Delaware’s STAR campus. This is an investment that will have several mul-tiples that will leverage private sector benefits by promoting economic devel-opment, accessible housing, and multi-mobile transportation choices in the area. Many of my colleagues have similar experiences in their States about the impact of the TIGER Grant Program. In the last year, it had a demand near-ly 20 times the available funding. Yet the Trump budget would again elimi-nate all Federal funding to this vital transportation infrastructure program that creates jobs and helps to leverage private sector investment. There are so many other programs on the chopping block, it is hard to even begin to touch on them: Community Development Block Grants, which I re-lied on in my previous job as county executive to provide support for low-in-come and disabled individuals to have access to high quality housing; the funds that support things like Meals on Wheels, that allow our low-income sen-iors to age in place rather than having to be moved to institutions; and many other programs through the Federal Department of Housing that have a positive impact in communities up and down my State, from Newark and Wil-mington to Dover and Seaford. If you take the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s rural water and waste-water loan and grant programs, these would be eliminated entirely. These programs are critical to ensuring that rural communities can access funds to support safe drinking water and sewer systems. Many communities in South-ern Delaware rely on rural water funds to ensure safe drinking water supplies for the families that live there. As I have suggested, the list of potential cuts to programs goes on and on. Let me move to some impacts on the environment, briefly. The Chesapeake Bay is one of the world’s largest estu-ary systems, and Delaware is a State that borders on the Chesapeake Bay watershed. Economists insist that there is nearly $1 trillion worth of eco-nomic value to the Chesapeake Bay wa-tershed, yet the Trump budget cuts nearly half of the funding for the EPA to allow States to get grants that will help improve air quality, clean up con-taminated waste sites, and remove lead from drinking water. Delaware alone would lose $3 million in these vital ini-tiatives. There are millions of Americans who rely on many more programs listed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25AP6.028 S25APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2515 April 25, 2017 
here—AmeriCorps, Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program, Corpora-tion for Public Broadcasting, the Afri-can Development Foundation, and many more—all eliminated in this budget in order to prioritize a focus on our military and defense. I don’t think the President under-stands that we cannot maintain our status as a global leader with defense and military alone. We need to ensure that a complementary strength exists in our development and diplomacy pro-grams, which are less than one-tenth of our spending on national defense. I recently had the opportunity to see the impact that USAID and our pro-grams to assist the hungry and needy around the world can make in stabi-lizing fragile states and preventing them from becoming failed states. We spent less than one percent of the Fed-eral budget on these sorts of programs. They provide a critical connection to parts of the world where a positive un-derstanding of America and our values would be a good thing. The international affairs budget, which includes needed funding for USAID, the State Department, and other related programs, would be cut by one-third under the Trump budget— a 29 percent cut to the State Depart-ment alone. If history is any indicator, the last 70 years show these investments in diplo-macy and development are critical. Foreign assistance is not charity. It serves a humanitarian purpose, but it also makes us stronger by promoting American values around the world, building coalitions that isolate our ad-versaries, and helping make tens of millions less susceptible to terrorism and to extremism around the world. This is a false choice between signifi-cantly increasing our defense spending and the need to sustain our invest-ments in diplomacy and development. I hope my colleagues and constituents will take time to think about the many different Federal programs that I have briefly discussed in these remarks about the proposed budget and all the different ways that these Federal pro-grams have invested in our quality of life, in our national security, and our economic prosperity. Many of them are scheduled for elimination under this budget. As I have heard both Republicans and Democrats say in press interviews and on this floor: No President’s budget is adopted without change. It is my hope that this budget will be set aside and that the folks who represent our States here will begin anew the process of building an appropriations path for-ward that actually protects our coun-try, protects our livelihood, and in-vests significantly in sustaining and saving the very best of these programs that have benefited my home State and my constituents for so very long. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Louisiana. REFORMING FINANCE FOR LOCAL ECONOMIES ACT  
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I rise today to discuss my bill, the Reforming Finance for Local Economies Act, which I introduced earlier this week. This bill is very simple and straight-forward. It would exempt community banks and credit unions with assets of less than $10 billion from complying with the loan-killing, anti-jobs disaster that we commonly refer to as Dodd- Frank. Every reasonable person with a passing knowledge of our banking sys-tem knows the destabilizing effect that Dodd-Frank has had on local econo-mies, community banks, and the Na-tion’s credit unions. Just last week, President Trump turned to the problems wrought by Dodd-Frank by signing two Presi-dential memorandums to take a look at the Orderly Liquidation Authority and the systemic risk designation proc-ess at the Financial Stability Over-sight Council. I applaud the President’s efforts in that regard. I believe they are desperately needed. Reforming this flawed law is crucial to the future suc-cess of the American economy. Some of my colleagues were here when Dodd-Frank was passed in 2010. As we all know, it was intended to pre-vent another 2008-like banking crisis by strengthening Federal Government regulation of financial services. But in the process, as so often happens, Con-gress actually crippled America’s small community banks and credit unions that played absolutely no role—none, zero, nada—in instigating the 2008 meltdown. And that is not just my opinion. Our Federal Reserve Chair, Dr. Janet Yellen, appeared before the Sen-ate Banking Committee earlier this year—actually, February 14. When it was my turn to ask her questions, I asked her the following simple ques-tion: ‘‘What did community banks do wrong in 2008?’’ This was the Chairwoman’s answer: ‘‘Well, community banks were not the reason for the financial crisis. It was larger institutions that took risks and risks that developed outside the bank-ing system.’’ Let me read that first sentence again. Chair Yellen: ‘‘Well, community banks were not the reason for the fi-nancial crisis.’’ I believe she is right. The fact is that our smaller banks and our credit unions are smothering under the weight of Dodd-Frank. I will give you an example of what I am talking about. The Truth in Lending Act passed by Congress is actually 22 pages long. The Federal Reserve Act, setting up our Federal Reserve System, is 32 pages long. Glass-Steagall, about which we heard a great deal, was 37 pages long. Dodd-Frank is a breathtaking 2,300 pages with 22,000 pages of regulations. You can stand on the thing and paint the ceiling. That is why so many community banks no longer exist. Those that have managed to survive have seen their costs go up, their profits go down, and their ability to make small business and consumer loans curtailed—all as a result of the unnecessary, heavy hand of government. In fact, since Dodd- Frank was passed in 2010, this country has lost 1,700 small institutions. The reason is very simple. Dodd-Frank has forced community banks and credit unions to merge, consolidate, or to go out of business because of the heavy hand of regulation and because they can’t make the loans that they nor-mally would be able to make. Nationwide, we have been losing an average of one community bank or credit union a day—every single day— since Dodd-Frank was passed because of its costs, which have driven our banks to sell or merge with larger banks. It is so ironic that this forced consolidation—forcing our smaller banks and credit unions to either merge with or be bought out by larger institutions—has caused even greater concentration of assets on the books of even larger and, in some cases, too-big- to-fail banks that Dodd-Frank was sup-posed to do something about. My legislation will help 5,785 Amer-ican credit unions. It will help 5,461 community banks in our country sur-vive. Specifically, financial institu-tions with assets of less than $10 bil-lion—if you are a financial institution and you have less than $10 billion in as-sets, you will be exempt completely from Dodd-Frank, its 2,300 pages and its 22,000 pages of regulations. We are talking about a lot of banks. Banks with less than $10 billion in as-sets make up 92 percent of our Nation’s banks, according to the FDIC. Banks with less than $10 billion in assets pro-vide 48 percent of all small business loans, 16 percent of residential mort-gages, 44 percent of lending to purchase farmland, 43 percent of lending for farm operations, and 35 percent of com-mercial real estate loans. If my bill passes, these institutions will no longer have to reduce their products and service offerings in order to divert resources to compliance, to interpreta-tion, and to execution. The expertise of our smaller banks and credit unions in America in evalu-ating risk will no longer be reduced to some algorithm—some mathematical exercise. Instead, our institutions will be able to deliver the desperately need-ed capital to the customers they know so well because that is what commu-nity banks and credit unions do. They take in local deposits, and they make loans to local borrowers whom they know and whose creditworthiness they can closely monitor because commu-nity bankers, as we all know, are rela-tionship bankers. They don’t partici-pate in widespread subprime lending. They don’t use derivatives to specu-late, and they never did. Most of them have fewer than 100 employees. The type of regulation they need— and I am not suggesting they don’t need regulation. What I am suggesting is the type of regulation they need—be-cause of the risks our small institu-tions take—is much different than the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25AP6.029 S25APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2516 April 25, 2017 
regulation needed by a $700 billion or a trillion-dollar bank. I am certain that the proponents of Dodd-Frank were well-intentioned when they wrote and passed it. But 150 years ago, doctors used to bleed their patients with the best of intentions. They stopped doing that because their patients died. That is why I suggest today that we eliminate Dodd-Frank for our smaller institutions. Making Dodd-Frank applicable to community banks and credit unions is a lot like using a sledgehammer to go after a gnat. It is way over the top. Now, certainly our smaller institu-tions need regulation. Certainly, they need regulation to ensure that they are stable and secure. Our small institu-tions know that. They know they need it. They want it. They welcome it. But even after my bill becomes law, com-munity banks are still going to be sub-ject to a strict regulatory scheme es-tablished by dozens of applicable Fed-eral statutes. I am talking about the Banking Secrecy Act, the Electronic Fund Transfer Act, the Truth in Lend-ing Act, and the Equal Credit Oppor-tunity Act, and I could go on and on. All of these statutes will still apply to our smaller banks and credit unions. Our smaller banks and credit unions— now exempt, if my bill passes, from Dodd-Frank—will still be under the su-pervision of the Federal Reserve. They will still be under the supervision of the Comptroller of the Currency. They will still be regulated by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Na-tional Credit Union Administration, and even the Department of Justice. America’s smaller lending institu-tions need some relief. What they need is relief from the destabilizing con-sequences of Dodd-Frank. The Reform-ing Finance for Local Economies Act, in my estimation, is a step in that di-rection. I would also like to say, in closing, that I am pleased that both President Trump and Senate Repub-licans are committed, as we are, to paving the way for new businesses and the jobs they create through regu-latory reform as our actions have al-ready proven this year. However, I would also like to stress that helping our community banks and credit unions is a bipartisan issue and one that I hope will garner support from many of my colleagues, not only just on the Republican side of my aisle but by friends on the Democratic side of the aisle. I welcome their support. I look for-ward to working with my fellow Sen-ators on the Banking Committee to find some commonsense solutions that will help grow our local economies. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
TRANGE ). The Senator from Louisiana. 
CONGRATULATING SENATOR KENNEDY  
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I would like to acknowledge my experienced and talented friend from Louisiana in his maiden speech, speaking about something that reflects his experience. Briefly, his experience, aside from being an outstanding citizen, was as a secretary of revenue in Louisiana, a State treasurer in Louisiana, and an attorney and a law school professor. So now there are his committee ap-pointments, which include the Bank-ing, Appropriations, and Judiciary Committees, which are tailor-made for what he does. As a product of a small town and as someone who as treasurer in our State has been so aware of the economic development issues, no one would know better than he what a crit-ical role small banks play in gener-ating the capital and delivering the capital to a small business that grows to be a bigger and a bigger and a big business, while along the way employ-ing more folks. So, as we as a nation grapple with how to create better-paying jobs, it is fitting that Senator KENNEDY would begin by speaking directly to how to create better-paying jobs. I welcome him as a colleague. I look forward to working with him for things that would benefit our State, our Nation, and the people who live here. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, in less than an hour, we will consider the nomination of Rod Rosenstein to be Deputy Attorney General of the United States. We consider his nomination under highly unusual, if not unique, cir-cumstances. Only today, there were revelations from the House Oversight Committee at a bipartisan conference indicating that General Flynn, for-merly the National Security Advisor, may have broken criminal laws by his concealing payments from Russia—spe-cifically, from Russia Today—in con-nection with his speaking fees and travel expenses in 2015. He concealed these payments in security clearance forms submitted in 2016, SF86 forms. False statements on such forms are a violation of our criminal laws. His po-tential criminal liability is a serious and important allegation that needs to be investigated further. What we know for sure is that the in-vestigation of this allegation and oth-ers—this very colorful violation of Fed-eral criminal law—can be done reli-ably, impartially, and credibly only by a special prosecutor. That is why I have asked Mr. Rosenstein to commit that he will appoint a special pros-ecutor to investigate this allegation as well as others involving the President’s staff, campaign associates, and staff in connection with Russia’s interference with our election. There is no question that the Rus-sians sought to interfere and that they did so. That is the conclusion of the in-vestigation that was already done by our intelligence community, and it is a conclusion that is virtually universally accepted. The only question now is this: What was the involvement and po-tential collusion and aiding and abet-ting of Americans in that Russian cyber attack on this country? In my view, it was an act of war. We can de-bate that question. What is undebatable is the need for a thorough, impartial, vigorous, and ag-gressive investigation that will give that information to the American peo-ple. It must be an investigation that can pursue criminal wrongdoing, if it is proved, and that can prosecute it and ultimately make that investigation transparent to the American people so they know what actually happened. I have asked Rod Rosenstein to fol-low the precedent that was established by Elliot Richardson under cir-cumstances that were not unlike the ones we encountered here. The saying is that history almost never repeats, but it rhymes. What we have here is a situation that rhymes with the one that Elliot Richardson en-countered when he was Attorney Gen-eral-designee. He was requested to ap-point a special prosecutor as a condi-tion of his confirmation. He agreed to do so in 1973. He appointed Archibald Cox. That, in turn, led to the Water-gate investigation and, ultimately, it vindicated the judgment on the part of our Senate Judiciary Committee that an independent special prosecutor was necessary under those circumstances. My colleague who is presiding, as a former State attorney general, knows well the importance of independence and credibility in any judicial role of this kind. This Nation now faces a looming constitutional crisis—again, not unlike Watergate, which ulti-mately resulted in United States v. Nixon before the U.S. Supreme Court, a subpoena that had to be enforced by that special prosecutor against the President of the United States. Only Rod Rosenstein can vindicate that important public interest. Only the Deputy Attorney General of the United States can appoint a special prosecutor because the Attorney Gen-eral rightly has recused himself. Jeff Sessions has recused himself because of his own conversations with Russian of-ficials, which he failed to disclose dur-ing testimony to the Judiciary Com-mittee. Only the Deputy Attorney General can perform that vital function, and only a special prosecutor can do what is necessary to vindicate the public in-terest through a vigorous investigation into any criminal wrongdoing and to prosecute lawbreakers. I have confidence that our Intel-ligence Committee in the Senate will impartially and objectively do what-ever it can to uncover the truth. But even if it succeeds—and there are ob-stacles and challenges to its success—it cannot pursue a criminal investigation, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25AP6.030 S25APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2517 April 25, 2017 
and it cannot bring criminal charges and pursue a conviction. It probably cannot make fully transparent or dis-close all of the facts that it uncovers. Its custom is to issue a report and, when it does so, redacting information that can be considered classified or sensitive. It may well lead, in an abun-dance of caution, toward redacting rather than disclosing. That is why I have asked Rod Rosen-stein, as a condition of his becoming Deputy Attorney General, to commit that he will appoint a special inde-pendent prosecutor. Call that office whatever you wish—special counsel, independent counsel, special pros-ecutor. The role is what is significant. It is someone who will uncover the wrongdoing and follow the evidence and the facts wherever they lead. Neither Mr. Rosenstein nor Mr. Ses-sions can do so. Neither Rosenstein nor Sessions will ever convince the public that they are really pursuing their boss, the President of the United States, if there is evidence that leads to his culpability. They report to him. Rod Rosenstein reports to Jeff Ses-sions, and he, in turn, reports to the President of the United States. That is why the appearance and the reality of independence is so critically impor-tant, and that is why only a special prosecutor can pursue that interest. If we were in normal times, Rod Rosenstein would be an eminently ac-ceptable nominee, and I would welcome his nomination without attaching any kind of request or condition. He is cer-tainly an honorable public servant. He is a career prosecutor. I admire his dedication and commitment to public service. As U.S. attorney for Maryland, he certainly has an admirable record. He is, in some senses, what we value in the Department of Justice—someone who is committed to the rule of law. That is why I have been surprised and disappointed that he has failed to heed my request. Whatever happens today, I want to ensure my colleagues and, most espe-cially, him and the loyal and dedicated members of the Department of Justice that I will support his work in his ca-pacity as Deputy Attorney General, if he is confirmed today, because the pro-fessionalism of the Department of Jus-tice is of preeminent interest for me personally, having served as a U.S. at-torney and also as attorney general of my State, but it is also vitally impor-tant to the American people. We must consider his nomination in the light of the looming constitutional crisis that our Nation confronts. It is a crisis partly of the administration’s making by its attacks on the judiciary, calling a member of the bench a ‘‘so- called judge,’’ saying to the American people that a circuit court of appeals will be responsible for any violence that may occur as a result of its ruling on the constitutionality of Executive orders related to immigration, demean-ing and disparaging a judge because of his ethnic heritage—a judge born, in fact, in Indiana. These kinds of attacks on the judici-ary undermine respect and trust in a branch of government that is the bul-wark of our democracy and that, in my view, when the history of this era is written, will be regarded as having been one of its finest hours. We will be relying on it to protect our Nation’s fundamental rights and liberties. The independence of the judiciary is a sa-cred pillar of our democracy, and it must be free of political interference. The other hero of this era, in my view, will be the press, which has un-covered many of the facts leading to my conclusion, joined by so many of my colleagues, that there must be a special prosecutor. That conclusion is not mine alone. It has been joined by many of my colleagues, 10 of them hav-ing cosigned a letter I wrote in mid- February asking for a special pros-ecutor. The independence of our judiciary and of our prosecutors is so critically important for the trust and credibility of the American people that the rule of law will prevail and that no official will put himself above the rule of law. That is the threat and the constitu-tional crisis that we potentially face. Two high-ranking administration of-ficials have been caught misrepre-senting their ties with Russia. One of them is, in fact, the Attorney General, Jeff Sessions, who did so before the Ju-diciary Committee, under oath. Mr. Rosenstein has said that he wants to be approved by the Senate be-fore he decides whether to appoint a special prosecutor, but that delay will mean that a man who was hired and can be fired by President Trump will decide whether the Trump administra-tion will face a thorough and complete investigation. This body has a duty to insist on it before his confirmation. We must seize this opportunity to assure accountability to the American people and make sure also about their con-fidence in our electoral system. While Mr. Rosenstein has claimed he needs to be in office to familiarize himself with the facts of an investigation into the Trump administration before he can commit to appointing a special pros-ecutor, the row of facts are all a mat-ter of public record now. We know Russia interfered in the 2016 election. We know the FBI is inves-tigating Trump administration lawbreaking associated with that in-terference. That investigation has been confirmed by the Director of the FBI himself. We know Attorney General Jeff Sessions met with officials of Rus-sia’s Government, and yet he said under oath that he did not meet with those Russians. That is more than ample information to justify appoint-ing a special prosecutor, but there is much more, including actions by Car-ter Page, Paul Manafort, Roger Stone. These kinds of abundant facts are known now and warrant this action and also more than justify this body insisting that he commit to appointing that special prosecutor. That public information concerning known associates of the President and their Russian contacts includes Gen-eral Flynn’s actions disclosed today. On December 10, 2015, General Flynn was paid to attend an event in Moscow celebrating the 10th anniversary of Russia Today, a propaganda arm of the Russian Government. He concealed the amount Russia Today paid him for speaking fees and travel expenses in those security clearance forms he sub-mitted in 2016, the SF86. He dined with Vladimir Putin just 18 months after leaving his position leading the De-fense Intelligence Agency. As a retired general, he is prohibited from receipt of consulting fees, gifts, travel ex-penses, honorary or any other kind of salary from a foreign government with-out congressional consent. That action also is a potentially prosecutable ac-tion. After the election, General Flynn spoke repeatedly to Russian Ambas-sador Kislyak regarding lifting sanc-tions on Putin, an amazing act of dis-loyalty. Misleading Vice President P
ENCE and the American public on the nature of these secret discussions, he demonstrated a lack of candor and credibility inconsistent with the role of National Security Advisor, and there-fore he was compelled to resign. The President also selected Carter Page to serve during the campaign on his foreign policy advisory committee. He is the same individual we have learned who was under investigation for his contacts with Russian agents. The President’s campaign manager, Paul Manafort, worked for years on a disinformation campaign to benefit the Putin government and was paid mil-lions of dollars to do so. The Presi-dent’s son-in-law Jared Kushner held an undisclosed meeting with both the Russian Ambassador and also execu-tives from a Russian bank, EDB, a bank built by Putin’s cronies. The President himself has sold real estate to Russian investors seeking to profit from their corrupt activities in Russia or, as his son, Donald Trump, put it, ‘‘We see a lot of money pouring in from Russia.’’ The administration’s supposed at-tempts to investigate itself have pro-duced mixed signals and clear conflicts of interest such as House Intelligence Chair D
EVIN NUNES ’s ill-fated trip to the White House to discuss his com-mittee findings. The robust congressional oversight hearings that we all hope will happen are certainly essential, but only the Department of Justice can analyze these facts and information which are only the tip of the iceberg—analyze it, digest it, determine its relevance to a criminal investigation and to a pros-ecution, pursuit of a violation of law and charges. The FBI can investigate, but it cannot bring charges. Only a lawyer from the Department of Justice can do so, and only a special prosecutor can make that judgment independently and impartially without having to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25AP6.033 S25APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2518 April 25, 2017 
worry about what his boss thinks or what his boss’s boss thinks. So I have reached the conclusion re-luctantly—because Rod Rosenstein has a very admirable record of public serv-ice—that I must vote against his nomi-nation in just a short time because of his failure to commit to a special pros-ecutor. I have no illusions about con-vincing my colleagues about joining me to vote on cloture with a degree of realism about the views of this body on his nomination, but I hope he will heed the example of Mr. Richardson in 1973 and also of Jim Comey, who at one point also resorted to a special pros-ecutor to investigate a controversial matter that arose during President George Bush’s administration. There is clear, unmistakable, bipar-tisan precedent for a special prosecutor under these circumstances. There is not only precedent, there is historical imperative. At the root of this con-stitutional crisis is a concern for the rule of law, for preserving the public’s faith and trust and respect for our jus-tice system. It is at the foundation of what we do when we vote. When we make laws, we presume they will be rigorously and fairly enforced without fear or favor, and that no official, not even the President of the United States, will be placed above the law. That is the lesson of Watergate, but it is also the lesson established through-out our history, going back to the Founders and the preeminent role played by our U.S. Supreme Court. I will support Mr. Rosenstein in his efforts to pursue the truth and pursue justice, as I believe he must do, and I hope he will do because the credibility the of the Department of Justice and our justice system is so much at stake. I urge my colleagues to vote against his nomination, as I will do, but I also pledge my support for him and the loyal, dedicated, hardworking members of the Department of Justice if he is confirmed. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. J
OHNSON ). Without objection, it is so ordered. Under the previous order, all time is expired. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Rosenstein nomination? Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 94, nays 6, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 114 Ex.] YEAS—94 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Strange Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—6 
Blumenthal Booker Cortez Masto Gillibrand Harris Warren 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will resume consideration of the following nomination, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of R. Alexander Acosta, of Florida, to be Secretary of Labor. Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
UBIO). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior no-tification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stipu-lates that, in the Senate, the notifica-tion of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In keeping with the committee’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the RECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign Relations Committee, Room SD–423. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 17–18, concerning the Air Force’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to Canada for defense articles and services estimated to cost $195 million. After this letter is deliv-ered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, G
REGKAUSNER , (For J.W. Rixey, Vice Admiral, USN, Director). Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–18 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Canada. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $ 0 million. Other $195 million. Total $195 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): None. Non-MDE: Non-MDE items and services under consideration for sale are follow-on support for five (5) CC177 aircraft (Canada’s designator for the C–17), including con-tractor logistics support (CLS) provided through the Globemaster III Integrated Sustainment Program (GISP), in-country field services support, alternate mission equipment, major modification and retrofit, software support, aircraft maintenance and technical support, support equipment, per-sonnel training and training equipment, ad-ditional spare and repair parts, publications and technical documentation, and other U.S. Government and contractor engineering, lo-gistics and program support. (iv) Military Department: Air Force (QCR). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: CN–D– QZZ—$1.3B—15 Nov 06. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered. or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold,: None. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: April 19, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25AP6.034 S25APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2519 April 25, 2017 
*As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Government of Canada—Sustainment Support for C–17 Aircraft The Government of Canada has requested a possible sale of follow-on support for five (5) CC177 aircraft (Canada’s designator for the C–17), including contractor logistics support (CLS) provided through the Globemaster III Integrated Sustainment Program (GISP), in- country field services support, aircraft main-tenance and technical support, support equipment, alternate mission equipment, software support, spares, personnel training and training equipment, U.S. Government and contractor engineering and logistics sup-port services, publications and technical doc-umentation, and major modification and ret-rofit kits support. The total estimated pro-gram cost is $195 million. This proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy and national security objec-tives of the United States by sustaining the military capabilities of Canada, a NATO ally that has been, and continues to be, an impor-tant force for ensuring political stability and economic progress in the world, including through its involvement in military, peace-keeping, and humanitarian operations. The sustainment of Canada’s C–17s will ensure the country’s continued capability to rapidly deploy its forces, as well as the continued interoperability between the U.S. and Cana-dian Air Forces’ C–17s. The proposed sale of defense articles and services is required to maintain the oper-ational readiness of the Royal Canadian Air Force C–17 aircraft. Canada’s current con-tract supporting its five (5) C–17s will expire on 20 September 2017. The Royal Canadian Air Force will have no difficulty absorbing this support. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. Sources of supply will award contracts when necessary to provide the defense arti-cles ordered if items ordered are not avail-able from U.S. stock or are considered lead- time away. The prime contractor will involve the fol-lowing contractors: Boeing Company, Long Beach, California. Boeing Company Training Systems, St. Louis, Missouri. Lockheed Martin Corporation/MFC, Lex-ington, Kentucky. There are no known offsets. Any offset agreements will be defined in negotiations between the purchaser and the contractor. Implementation of this proposed sale will not require the assignment of any additional U.S. Government or contractor representa-tives to Canada. There is an on-going foreign military sales case providing C–17 sustainment services. There are currently 13 contractors from Boeing in-country pro-viding contractor technical services support on a continuing basis. There will be no adverse impact to U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 17–10, concerning the Army’s proposed Let-ter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Govern-ment of Iraq for defense articles and services estimated to cost $295.6 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J.W. RIXEY, Vice Admiral, USN, Director. Enclosures: 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–10 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser, Government of Iraq. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $40.6 million. Other $255.0 million. Total $295.6 million. (iii) Description and Qantity or Quantities of Articles or Services under Consideration for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Four thousand four hundred (4,400) M16A4 Rifles. Forty-six (46) M2 50 Caliber Machine Guns. One hundred eighty-six (186) M240B Ma-chine Guns. Thirty-six (36) M1151 High Mobility Multi-purpose Wheeled Vehicles (HMMWVs). Seventy-seven (77) M1151 up-armored HMMWVs. Non-MDE: All necessary equipment and ac-cessories to outfit two Peshmerga Regional Brigades and two support artillery battal-ions, to include twelve (12) 3 kilowatt tac-tical quiet generator sets, body armor, hel-mets, and other Organization Clothing and Individual Equipment (OCIE); small arms and associated accessories including tripods, cleaning kits, magazines, and mounts; mor-tar systems and associated equipment; Chemical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear, and Explosive (CBRNE) detection and pro-tective equipment; dismounted and mounted radio systems; commercial navigation equip-ment including compasses, binoculars, and Geospatial Position System (GPS) limited to the Standard Positioning System (SPS); M1142 HMMWVs; medical equipment; Mine Resistant Ambush Protected Vehicles (MRAP); cargo and transportation equip-ment, including light tactical vehicles, me-dium tactical vehicles, water trucks, fuel trucks, and ambulances; thirty-six (36) refur-bished M119A2 105mm howitzers; RF–7800V Very High Frequency (VHF) dismounted ra-dios; spare parts, training and associated equipment related to the mentioned vehicles and artillery systems. (iv) Military Department: Army (ADI, ADJ). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: None. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee. etc., Paid. Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: None. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: April 18, 2017. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Government of Iraq—Equipment for Two Peshmerga Infantry Brigades and Two Support Artillery Battalions The Government of Iraq has requested a possible sale of the equipment necessary to fully outfit two full Peshmerga Regional Bri-gades of light infantry, as well as the equip-ment necessary to outfit two artillery bat-talions that will ultimately provide support to those regional brigades. These artillery battalions and infantry brigades will operate under the Kurdistan Regional Governments Ministry of Peshmerga (KRG MOP) with the concurrence of the central government. Re-quested equipment includes the following: (4,400) M16A4 rifles; (46) M2 50 caliber ma-chine guns; (186) M240B machine guns; (36) M1151 HMMWVs; (77) M1151 up-armored HMMWVs; (12) 3 Kilowatt Tactical Quiet Generator sets; body armor, helmets, and other Organization Clothing and Individual Equipment (OCIE); small arms and associ-ated accessories including tripods, cleaning kits, magazines, and mounts; mortar sys-tems and associated equipment; Chemical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear, and Explo-sive (CBRNE) detection and protective equipment; dismounted and mounted radio systems; commercial navigation equipment including compasses, binoculars, and Geospatial Position System (GPS) limited to the Standard Positioning System (SPS); M1142 HMMWVs; medical equipment; Mine Resistant Ambush Protected Vehicles (MRAP); cargo and transportation equip-ment, including light tactical vehicles, me-dium tactical vehicles, water trucks, fuel trucks, and ambulances; (36) refurbished M119A2 105mm howitzers; spare parts, train-ing and associated equipment related to the mentioned vehicles and artillery systems. This proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy and national security objec-tives of the United States, by supporting Iraq’s capacity to degrade and defeat the Is-lamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). Iraq will have no difficulty absorbing this equipment into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. There are a number of contractors involved in this effort, including but not limited to AM General, Oshkosh Defense, Navistar De-fense, Harris Radio, and Colt Corporation. There are no known offset agreements pro-posed in connection with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will not require the deployment of any additional U.S. Government or contractor personnel to Iraq. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–10 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. M16A4 Assault Rifle. The M16A4 assault rifle is the fourth generation of the M16 se-ries that fires 5.56mm NATO cartridges. The A4 variant is equipped with a removable car-rying handle and full length quad Picatinny rail for mounting optics and other ancillary devices. The highest level of information that could be disclosed through the sale and testing of this end-item is UNCLASSIFIED. 2. M2 Machine Gun. The M2 machine gun is an air-cooled belt-fed machine gun that fires the .50 caliber Browning Machine Gun (BMG) cartridge. The highest level of information that could be disclosed through the sale and testing of this end-item is UNCLASSIFIED. 3. M240B Machine Gun. The M240B machine gun is a belt-fed, gas-operated medium ma-chine gun firing 7.62×51mm NATO cartridges. The M240B variant is a tripod or vehicle- mounted configuration. The highest level of information that could be disclosed through the sale and testing of this end-item is UN-CLASSIFIED. 4. M1151 HMMWV. The M1151 is an ex-panded capacity armament carrier HMMWV variant that is armor-ready. Designed as an armament carrier, the M1151 provides for the mounting and firing of various weapon sys-tems that are ring-mounted with a 360 de-gree-arc of fire. The level of information that could be disclosed through the sale and testing of this end-item is UNCLASSIFIED. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25AP6.039 S25APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2520 April 25, 2017 
5. Garmin Fortrex 401 Navigation Set/Glob-al Positioning System (GPS). The Garmin Fortrex is a commercial GPS solution for in-dividual navigation which utilizes GPS Se-lective Positioning Service (SPS) mode only. This is a commercial-off-the-shelf item. The level of information that could be disclosed through the sale and testing of this end-item is UNCLASSIFIED. 6. RF–7800V Very High Frequency (VHF) Dismounted Radio. The RF–7800V is a multi-purpose, exportable radio system that can be configured for 10W handheld/dismounted, 50W vehicle, or 50W base station use. The system incorporates 128 and 256 bit Harris propri-etary and Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) encryption and does not utilize SG/ NATO waveforms. The system has an inte-grated GPS receiver which is SPS capable only. This radio is not used by the U.S. mili-tary and the highest level of information that could be disclosed through the sale and testing of this end-item is UNCLASSIFIED. 7. Tactical Quiet Generator Set. The 3KW Tactical Quiet Generator Set—Mobile Elec-tric Power (MEP) 831A (60HZ) is a mobile electrical generator that runs on JP/Diesel fuel. These items are no longer in service with the U.S. military, but are offered as re-furbished articles to Foreign Military Sales (FMS) customers. The highest level of infor-mation that could be disclosed through the sale and testing of this end-item is UNCLAS-SIFIED. 8. All other support and non-MDE equip-ment offered on this case carry no tech-nology transfer concerns. The highest level of information that could be disclosed through the sale and testing of this end-item is UNCLASSIFIED. 9. All equipment and support listed on this transmittal are authorized for release and export to the Government of Iraq. 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 17–03, concerning the Air Force’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Gov-ernment of the Republic of Iraq for defense articles and services estimated to cost $1.06 billion. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to no-tify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J.W. R
IXEY, Vice Admiral, USN, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–03 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: The Government of Iraq. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $0 billion. Other $1.06 billion. Total $1.06 billion. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): None. Non-MDE: Pilot training; maintenance training; and contractor logistical services support for C–172, C–208, and T–6 aircraft for up to five (5) years to include contractor air-craft modification; repair and spare parts; publications; aircraft ferry; and miscella-neous parts, along with training base oper-ation support, base life support, security, construction, and other related elements of program support. (iv) Military Department: Air Force (X7–D– NAA). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: N/A. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: None. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: April 11, 2017. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Republic of Iraq—Pilot and Maintenance Training Contractor Logistical Support (CLS) for Trainer Aircraft, and Base Sup-port The Government of Iraq has requested a possible sale of pilot training; maintenance training; and contractor logistical services support for C–172, C–208, and T–6 aircraft for up to five (5) years to include contractor air-craft modification; repair and spare parts; publications; aircraft ferry; and miscella-neous parts, along with training base oper-ation support, base life support, security, construction, and other related elements of program support. The estimated total pro-gram value is $1.06 billion. The proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy and national security of the United States by helping to provide for a sta-ble, sovereign, and democratic Iraq, capable of combating terrorism and protecting its people and sovereignty. Iraq currently owns twelve (12) C–172, five (5) C–208, and fifteen (15) T–6 training aircraft. The training pipe-line will allow the Iraqi Air Force to tailor pilot training for several U.S.-origin oper-ational aircraft. The C–172s and T–6s are Iraq’s training platforms for their mobility and fighter attack fleets. The C–208s are Iraq’s platform of choice for training its In-telligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance (ISR) pilots. The proposed sale of training and support services will improve Iraq’s ability to train its pilots and maintenance technicians. By training its own pilots and maintenance technicians in-country, Iraq will decrease its overseas training requirements, significantly reduce its training costs, and will enhance its ability to take over the sustainment of its aircraft. Iraq will have no difficulty ab-sorbing this support. In addition to its pri-mary mission—pilot and maintenance train-ing for Iraqi Air Force personnel—this pro-posed sale includes Contractor Logistical Support costs for the trainer aircraft, as well as possible future construction and base op-eration support costs. The proposed sale of this training and sup-port will not alter the basic military balance in the region. The principal contractor is Spartan Col-lege, Tulsa, OK. At this time, there are no known offset agreements proposed in connec-tion with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will require the assignment of approximately four U.S. Government representatives and 50–55 contractor representatives to Iraq. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. All training and support listed on this transmittal are authorized for release and export to the Government of Iraq. 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 16–80, concerning the Army Corps of Engi-neers’ proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Accept-ance to the Government of Kuwait for air-base construction and services estimated to cost $319 million. After this letter is deliv-ered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J.W. RIXEY, Vice Admiral, USN, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–80 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Kuwait. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $0 million. Other $319 million. Total $319 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Ouantities of Articles or Services under Con-sideration for Purchase: Non-MDE: Design, construction, and pro-curement of key airfield operations, com-mand and control, readiness, sustainment, and life support facilities for the Al Mubarak Airbase in Kuwait. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) will provide project man-agement, engineering services, technical support, facility and infrastructure assess-ments, surveys, planning, programming, de-sign, acquisition, contract administration, construction management, and other tech-nical services for the construction of facili-ties and infrastructure for the airbase. The overall project includes, among other fea-tures, a main operations center, hangars, training facilities, barracks, warehouses, support facilities, and other infrastructure required for a fully functioning airbase. (iv) Military Department: U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) (HBE). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: N/A. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: None. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: April 6, 2017. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Government of Kuwait—Facilities and Infrastructure Construction Support Service The Government of Kuwait has requested possible sale for the design, construction, and procurement of key airfield operations, command and control, readiness, sustainment, and life support facilities for the Al Mubarak Airbase in Kuwait. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) will pro-vide project management, engineering serv-ices, technical support, facility and infra-structure assessments, surveys, planning, programming, design, acquisition, contract administration, construction management, and other technical services for the con-struction of facilities and infrastructure for the airbase. The overall project includes, among other features, a main operations center, hangars, training facilities, barracks, warehouses, support facilities, and other in-frastructure required for a fully functioning airbase. The estimated total cost is $319 mil-lion. The proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy and national security of the United States by supporting the infrastruc-ture needs of a friendly country which has been, and continues to be, an important 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25AP6.041 S25APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2521 April 25, 2017 
force for political stability and economic progress in the Middle East. The facilities being constructed are similar to other facilities built in the past by USACE in other Middle Eastern countries. These facilities replace existing facilities and will provide autonomous airbase oper-ations to the Kuwait Air Force. The new air-base will ensure the continued readiness of the Kuwait Air Force and allow for the con-tinued education of current and future Ku-wait Air Force personnel. The construction of this airbase will enable Kuwait to enhance the operational effectiveness of its military and promote security and stability through-out Kuwait. Kuwait will have no difficulty absorbing this additional capability into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this infrastructure and support will not alter the basic military balance in the region. USACE is the principal organization that will direct and manage this program. USACE will provide services through both in-house personnel and contract services. The esti-mated number of U.S. Government and con-tractor representatives to be assigned to Ku-wait to implement the provisions of this pro-posed sale will be determined as a result of program definitization. There are no known offset agreements pro-posed in connection with this potential sale. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal are authorized for release and export to the Government of Kuwait. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING SHAWN GILBERT ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the life of Shawn Gil-bert. Shawn was a prominent member of Montana’s Little Shell Tribal com-munity who tragically lost his battle with cancer this past January. Even in his final days, Shawn maintained a positive attitude, and all who knew him fondly remember the constant smile on his face. As is the Montana way, Shawn loved the great outdoors. He enjoyed snowmobiling, four-wheel-ing, and hunting with his family, as well as reloading his own ammunition and target practice with his pistols. Shawn served his people as a member of the tribal council and dreamt of the day his nation, Little Shell Nation, would be formally recognized. It is our duty and my honor to keep that dream alive as my colleague, Senator T
ESTER , and I work to enact into law legisla-tion to do just that. I had the pleasure of meeting Shawn while he was in of-fice at the Little Shell Tribal head-quarters. Along with his fellow tribal leaders, Shawn presented me with a beautiful beaded bolo tie which sits on display in my office. It serves as a daily reminder of the Little Shell peo-ple and of Shawn. May God watch over his soul as his light lives on through the memories of his loved ones. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LEWISTON HIGH SCHOOL COMPETITION CHEERLEADING TEAM ∑Mr. KING. Mr. President, each year high school student-athletes from across the country compete for their State championship title. The journey of a championship team is not merely a story of glory or success, but rather an aggregation of hard work, sportsman-ship, and persistence. Today I wish to extend recognition to a team in Maine whose perseverance and teamwork have made them a force to be reckoned with each season. I am proud to high-light the achievements of the Lewiston High School Blue Devils competition cheerleading team who, on the path to their third consecutive Class A State title for the sixth time in the last seven seasons, have demonstrated a re-markable level of drive, ambition, and pride towards achieving success. Lewiston High School’s nationally recognized and distinguished competi-tion cheer program has a long history of talent and teamwork symbolic of the pride felt for the Blue Devils through-out the community. As the eighth con-secutive Class A North/East Regional Champions, the cheer team has experi-enced few losses in recent years, but the program and student-athletes see each challenging loss as an opportunity to work harder and be stronger. The Blue Devils fulfilled that promise and more this past season. After a loss in the Kennebec Valley Athletic Con-ference, KVAC, the team responded with an impressive display of discipline and grit when they exceeded expecta-tions and won the State title with a score of 95—representative of a nearly seamless routine. The Lewiston cheer program is much more than a team of exceptional stu-dent-athletes. These talented and as-piring young people have contributed to a cheer dynasty that inspires young athletes and is recognized as a premier program throughout the State. The pride felt for the program, team mem-bers, peers, and the Lewiston commu-nity at large shows the level of dedica-tion and ambition that has led to so many impressive successes. I wish to join the city of Lewiston and the entire Maine community in congratulating the Lewiston High School competition cheering team for their well-earned recognition. The pro-gram has built a legacy of success, in-stilling core values of hard work, perse-verance, and sportsmanship and imbues all that is significant about participa-tion and competition in sport at any level. For this and so much more, the Blue Devils competition cheer team are true champions.∑ f 
RECOGNIZING GARBAGE TO GARDEN ∑Mr. KING. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the work of Tyler Frank and his award-winning company Gar-bage to Garden—a curbside composting service that was founded in Portland, ME. In August 2012, Tyler Frank was living in Portland and wanted to start a compost pile, but didn’t have the space in his urban surroundings. He and his roommates wondered why they couldn’t put compost out on the curb like they do with their trash and recy-cling, and with that, Garbage to Gar-den was born. Tyler set up a table on Congress Street during a First Friday Artwalk, and by the end of the day, 17 Portland residents had signed on to his curbside composting service. Today one in seven Portland households par-ticipates in Garbage to Garden. Tyler and his partners have expanded their service to eight other Maine commu-nities and three communities in Massa-chusetts. Tyler was able to create a unique and effective composting company, and with more than 8,000 households, schools, restaurants, and businesses using their services, they are the most successful curbside composting com-pany in the country. Tyler has created a sustainable and local experience. Food scraps are composted by Benson Farms in Gorham, and all food waste can be incorporated into Garbage to Garden’s compost, due to the high-heat process they use. Garbage to Garden also collects used cooking oil, and Maine Standard Biofuels turns it into biofuel and soap, which is then used to wash the composting buckets. Using clean composting buckets is a key part of Garbage to Garden’s process, elimi-nating the ‘‘ick factor’’ that turns many people off from composting. Gar-bage to Garden even offers free service to those who volunteer for the com-pany or for one of their partner organi-zations. Every day, Garbage to Garden diverts 20 tons of food scraps from landfills, and over a 3-year period, the average household will divert 1 ton of food waste from landfills. Garbage to Garden is a shining exam-ple of what can happen when you have a little determination, a great idea, and passion to make a difference. Tyler is an excellent example of a hard-work-ing Mainer who is making a difference in our State and beyond. I look forward to following the company’s continued growth and remarkable service to Maine communities. Thank you, Tyler, for all you have already done for the greater Portland community and our great State of Maine. We are lucky to have people like you working to better our communities.∑ f 
NEW JERSEY HIGH SCHOOL ARMED SERVICE ENLISTMENT ∑Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the following New Jersey high school seniors for their commendable decision to enlist in the U.S. Armed Forces: Craig Ackerly, Bryan Adame, Aldo Aguayo Flores, Alba Agyao, Dalton Ailtmar, Janae Albright, Michael Vincent Alva-rez, Michael Luis Alvarez, Jose Alva-rez, Juan Alvarez, Alexander Alvarez Escobar, Andre Ascura, Daniel Ayala, Elijah Baez, Justin Baez, Joseph Barbato, David Batastini, Frederick Bauer, Sergio Bautista Benitez, Joseluis Bejarano, Alejandro Bejarano Valencia, Nathan Bell, Joseph Bell, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25AP6.043 S25APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2522 April 25, 2017 
Fallon Bennett, Nula Bolden, Chrisopher Bonario, Joyce Bonilla Gonzalez, James Brackett, Patrick Brand, Nicolas Brett, Imani Brown Hil-ton, Alexander Brutosky, Tyree Bull, Logab Burns, Rory Bushby, Jose Caba, Dino Cabrales, Jorge Cabral Gonzalez, Ralph Calitre, Brian Callahan, Chris-topher Campos, Daniel Cano, Reinier Carlos, Jose Caro, Rafael Castellanos, Addison Chang, Eric Cho, Dhane Christensen, Anthony Ciarlo, Jack Cipas, Dashonda Clark, Amanda Clarke, Tyler Cochran, Alexander Colavito, Liam Collins, Vincent Concina, Dayana Coreas-Alvarez, Kevin Cornelio, Ethan Correa, Kevin Cosme, Jonathan Cox, Jeffrey Cox, Nasir Crank-Williams, Kevin Cubillos, An-drew Cumming, Aidan Curran, Douglas Dasilva, Joshua Dechillo, Michael Dehaas, Michael Delcher, Johanny Del- Orbe, Esvicarla Delossantos, Chris-topher DeRienzo, Damian Diaz, Diego Diazrazuri, Thomas Digiovanni, Brett Dolgos, Heydi Dominguez, Eric Dough-erty, Sean Dougherty, Christopher Dramis, Anna Drew, Santana Duran, John Duran, Jared Durante, Miguel Duvergepena, Jesse Efymow, Linwood Mickey Evans, Matthew Eggink, Kath-erine Espinal, Jacob Fallon, Tyler Fanz, Joseph Fiduccia, Nicholas Fiorelli, Jack Flores, Salatiel Flores, Kimberly Fox, Jacob Franks, Richard Furmanek, Benito Gabriel, Manuel Gallego, Matthew Galloway, Eddison Garcia, Jack Garcia, Giselle Garcia Clavijo, Edgar Garcia Gonzalez, Mi-chael Garrido, Liam Gavin, Sebastian Geary, Jake Gerber, Andrew Ghaleb, Brian Gilligan, Ryan Goldy, Edward Gomez, Adriana Gomez, Jeremy Gomez, Matthew Gonzalez, Josue Gon-zalez, Christian Gonzalez, Carlos Gon-zalez, Anthony Goodell, Destiny Goodridge, Jonathan Gorgonio Rami-rez, Robert Gorny, Patrick Grabowski, Julian Guarderas, Christian Guevara, Grant Gunnarson, Samantha Harris, Jonathan Hart, Anthony Hernandez, Henry Hernandez, Travis Hickman, Christian Hoffman, Nicholas Hoffman, Frank Hofmann, Sean Holl, Rose Hol-lywood, Tyler Horner, Ryan Howard, Brendan Ingino, Kyle Irwin, Zach Irwin, Andrew Jones, Miguel Juarez Hernandez, Sabrina Jung, Madison Kasza, Brendan Kelly, Bailey Kiefer, Kaitlyn Kimble, Shayne King, Cody Kniveton, Thomas Kopec, Benjamin Kwok, Caelb Lamberson, Emma Landsaw, Bryan Laumbach, Corey Laurenzi, Justin Lebron, Kevin Lee, Sandro Lema, Derik Leon, Brandon Lima, Derek Liptak, Alexzander Lonky, Ever Lopez, Moises Luna, Marcus Macalinao, Jastin Macalino, Marc Macalino, Joshua MacMillan, Austin Madden, Liam Madden, Jaelon Magat, Christopher Major, Julio Maldonado Martinez, Joana Mallari, Mark Mangravito, Armando Marrero, Jerwin Martilus, Miguel Martinez, Jayr Martinez Reyes, Pedro Martinez Tapia, Evan Martinovitch, Anthony Mazza, Aubrey McCarrick, Matthew McGee, Caitlin McHorney, Jack McMa-hon, Jose Mendez Sagastume, German Mendoza, Luis Mendoza, Kiyara Mid-dleton, Joseph Mihalko, Phillip Milder, Charles Miles, Luis Mimbs Fuentes, Jeffrey Miranda, Edward Molano, Xa-vier Molina, Laura Molina, David Monaco, Carlos Monterrosa, Albert Montilla, Michael Mourey, Almadelia Navarro Martinez, Shania Negron, Mylique Nelson, Daniel Newkirk-Car-penter, Victor Noa, Chelsea Nunez, Jacob Nussbaum, Collins Nwekeze, Lucas Ochoa, Peter Oliva, Tyler Oliveira, Zachary Ortega, Kiara Osbourne Willis, Wesley Osoria, Zachary Pacetti, Mariya Pakhomova, George Panchana, Nicholas Paola, Kiana Papaleo, Nathaniel Paras Clenista, Piiquline Park, Shweta Patel, Brandon Paul, Jacob Perez, Ashley Perezferrer, Charles Phan, Justin Mi-chael Pineda, Aidan Proulx, Cross Quinlan, Nidhi Rakholia, Michelle Ra-mirez, Sheehan Ramirez, Adam Randazzo, Jackie Remache, Ernesto Reyes, Nicholas Ribeirocarvalho, Evan Ridgell, Alido Rivera, Brian Rivera, Isis Rivera, Jayvon Roberson, Guy Robinson, Peter Robinson, Daniel Roble, Stephan Roche, Viana Rodri-guez, Guillermo Rodriguez Zavala, Christopher Rojas, Yandry Romero, Darion Rosario, David Roxas, James Russell, Kevin Saar, Lau Sage, Vicuna Saltos, Nicholas Salvucci, Anthony Sanchez, Christopher Sanford, Michael Santangelo, Eddie Santiago, John Santiago, Giovanni Santos, Nicholas Scanzano, Jacob Schettino, Lisa Schrage, Jason Schultz, Dylan Schweibinz, Paloma Seijas, Kyle Seo, Armani Serrano, Dante Shearin, Ed-ward Simo, Gurvir Singh, Jacob Solem, Victor Souza, Terrell Stearns Bailey, Brian Stevens, Brendan Stevenson, Alaysia Stewart, Dawid Sura, Yerines Suriel-Baez, Shane Tambussi, Joseph Tamimi, Jordan Tanis, Nicholas Tejada, Michael Tesauro, Jailey Torres, Fabio Toyos, Brandon Tuberquia, Elvis Tumuxcurruchich, Paul Turnbull, Luke Turner, Jared Tymon, Zaria Underwood Madden, Mi-chael Valdes, Steve Valencia, Mateo Valentine, Miranda Vallese, Jessica Vanderzyde, Damian Vanriper, Francis Vanteeckelenburgh, John Vargas, Mi-chael Velthaus, Edward Villela, Romelson Virtusio, Jeffrey Walsh, Kevin Watts, Jacob Wendt, Camdyn Williams, Tenzin Woeser, Brandon Woodall, James Young, and Drew Zigo. These outstanding individuals will also be honored at various ‘‘Our Com-munity Salutes’’ recognition events held throughout New Jersey in May 2017. The future of our Nation remains strong because these individuals have decided to step forward and commit themselves to the defense of our Nation and to uphold the ideals upon which it was founded. Indeed, these New Jerseyans represent the very best of America, and they should rest assured that the full support of the U.S. Sen-ate, as well as the American people, are with them in whatever challenges may lie ahead. It is thanks to the dedication of un-told numbers of patriots like these that we are able to meet here today, in the U.S. Senate, and openly debate the best solutions to the many and diverse problems that confront our country. It is thanks to their sacrifices that the United States of America remains a beacon of hope and freedom throughout the world. We owe them, along with all those who serve our country, a deep debt of gratitude.∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING DESTINATIONS INN ∑Mr. RISCH. Mr. President, our coun-try has been built upon a bedrock of guiding principles which has molded the character of many Americans. Hard work, risk-taking, and perseverance are some of the characteristics that have helped so many of our Nation’s citizens achieve the American Dream. Continually on the cutting edge of in-novation, America’s entrepreneurs share an inspiring creative spirit. As chairman of the Senate Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, it is my pleasure to recognize one such entrepreneur, Larry Fisher, and his small business, Destinations Inn, as the Senate Small Business of the Month for April 2017. With a lifelong understanding of business, Mr. Fisher has built many successful businesses, including the critically acclaimed Black Swan Inn. Acquired in 1997, Mr. Fisher trans-formed the unique 1933 English Tudor into a luxury themed suite lodging fa-cility catering to couples, tourists, and business travelers who are looking for a unique experience. After the success of the Black Swan Inn, the Fishers purchased and opened a sister hotel located in Idaho Falls in 2010, the Destinations Inn. The building was built in 1905 and has served as host to a number of businesses since that time, including the O.P. Skaggs Gro-cery Store and Ferrell’s Clothing. In 2006, the Destinations Inn reopened as a premier luxury hotel and began to host guests from all over the world. When the Fishers acquired the building in 2010, they used their skills in artistry and contracting to transform the hotel into a world-class themed suite lodging facility. Each of the 14 suites within the Destinations Inn is creatively tai-lored to encapsulate an imaginative at-mosphere. Combining their talents and vision, Larry and Debbie Fisher have created a business environment where creativity and ideas thrive. The Fish-ers exemplify professionalism and en-trepreneurial passion through the suc-cess of the Destinations Inn. Born and raised in Pocatello, ID, Mr. Fisher has been a mainstay in his com-munity since his early years. Mr. Fish-er currently serves on numerous boards and committees, including the Poca-tello Development Authority, Grand Teton Council of the Boy Scouts of America, and Portneuf Valley Inter-faith Fellowship. Recognized for his commitment to the community, Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25AP6.038 S25APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2523 April 25, 2017 
Fisher was a recipient of a number of awards, including Parade of Homes Best Show, Builder of the Year, Bridge Builder Award from the Grand Teton Council of the Boy Scouts of America, voted as best lodging property several years by the community, TripAdvisor Hall of Fame Award for 5 years of cer-tificates of excellence, and the Commu-nity Black Belt Volunteer Award. Mr. Fisher has dedicated his life to serving his customers and the community. It is my honor to recognize Larry and Debbie Fisher and the employees of Destinations Inn who have done so much for their community. You make our State proud, and I look forward to watching your continued growth and success.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED In executive session the Presiding Of-ficer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–1267. A communication from the Dep-uty Director, Office of Senate Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for fiscal year 2011 (OSS–2017– 0369); to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–1268. A joint communication from the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, transmitting a re-quest relative to issuing a travel restriction on senior officials’ travel to Syria for the pe-riod of April 7, 2017, until further notice; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–1269. A communication from the Senior Official performing the duties of the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics), transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report relative to Modification to Support for Non-Federal Development and Testing of Material for Chemical Agent De-fense; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–1270. A communication from the Acting Secretary of the Navy, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report relative to the Program Acquisition Unit Cost (PAUC) and Average Procurement Cost (APUC) for the Advanced Arresting Gear (AAG) program; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–1271. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Lieutenant Gen-eral William J. Bender, United States Air Force, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–1272. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Vice Admiral Philip H. Cullom, United States Navy, and his advancement to the grade of vice admiral on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–1273. A communication from the Acting Deputy Secretary, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Federal Grain Inspection Service Annual Re-port for 2016 and the Uniform Resource Loca-tor (URL) for the report; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–1274. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Final Flood Elevation Deter-minations; Panola County, MS, and Incor-porated Areas, et al.’’ (Docket No. FEMA– 2017–0002) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 13, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–1275. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Secretary for Export Adminis-tration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ’’Re-visions to the Unverified List (UVL)’’ (RIN0694–AH29) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 13, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–1276. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility (Pierce County, WA, et al.)’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2016–0002)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 13, 2017; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–1277. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility (Otsego County, NY, et al.)’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2016–0002)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 13, 2017; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–1278. A communication from the Assist-ant Director for Legislative Affairs, Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s Office of Minority and Women Inclusion An-nual Report to Congress’’; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–1279. A communication from the Assist-ant to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Reserve Bank Capital Stock’’ (RIN7100–AE47) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 6, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–1280. A communication from the Assist-ant to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Reserve Bank Capital Stock’’ (RIN7100–AE47) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 6, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–1281. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Final Flood Elevation Deter-minations; Carroll County, MS’’ (Docket No. FEMA–2016–0002) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 13, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–1282. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Under Secretary (Terrorism and Financial Intel-ligence), Department of the Treasury, re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 7, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–1283. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Director of the Mint, Department of the Treasury, re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the office of the President of the Senate on April 11, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–1284. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility (Loudon County, VA, et al.)’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2016–0002)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 13, 2017; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–1285. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility (Jackson County, MO, et al.)’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2016–0002)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 13, 2017; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–1286. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility (Davidson County, TN, et al.)’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2016– 0002)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 13, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–1287. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Assist-ant Secretary (Financial Institutions), De-partment of the Treasury, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 11, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–1288. A communication from the Acting Solicitor General, Department of Justice, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s for-cause removal provision; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–1289. A communication from the Assist-ant Director for Legislative Affairs, Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Fair Lending Report of the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau’’; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–1290. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25AP6.039 S25APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2524 April 25, 2017 
Syria that was declared in Executive Order 13338 of May 11, 2004; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–1291. A communication from the Sec-retary of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the export to the People’s Republic of China of items not det-rimental to the U.S. space launch industry; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–1292. A communication from the Chair-man, National Credit Union Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the National Credit Union Administration’s 2016 annual report; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing , and Urban Affairs. EC–1293. A communication from the Wild-life Biologist, Fish and Wildlife Service, De-partment of the Interior, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Migratory Bird Subsistence Harvest in Alaska; Harvest Regulations for Migratory Birds in Alaska During the 2017 Season’’ (RIN1018–BB71) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 11, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–1294. A communication from the Chief of the Policy, Performance, and Management Programs Division, Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice, Department of the Interior, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Reclassification of the West In-dian Manatee From Endangered to Threat-ened’’ (RIN1018–AY84) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 11, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–1295. A communication from the Spe-cial Agent in Charge of the Branch of Inves-tigations, Office of Law Enforcement, Fish and Wildlife Service, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Civil Penalties; 2017 Inflation Adjustments for Civil Monetary Penalties’’ (RIN1018–BB97) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 11, 2017; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–1296. A communication from the Chief of the Policy, Performance, and Management Programs Division, Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice, Department of the Interior, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Removal of the Scarlet-Chested Parrot and the Turquoise Parrot From the Federal List of Endangered and Threatened Wildlife’’ (RIN1018–BB29) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 11, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–1297. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Under Secretary (Intelligence Affairs), Department of the Treasury, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 6, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–1298. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Deputy Secretary, Department of the Treasury, re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 11, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–1299. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of General Counsel, Department of the Treasury, re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 11, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–1300. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of General Counsel, Department of the Treasury, re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 11, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–1301. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of General Counsel, Department of the Treasury, re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 11, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–1302. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Sec-retary of the Treasury, received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 11, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–1303. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Chief Counsel, Internal Revenue Service, Depart-ment of the Treasury, received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 11, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–1304. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Mem-ber, Internal Revenue Service Oversight Board, Department of the Treasury, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on April 11, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–1305. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Mem-ber, Internal Revenue Service Oversight Board, Department of the Treasury, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on April 11, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–1306. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Assist-ant Secretary (Financial Markets), Depart-ment of the Treasury, received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 11, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–1307. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Regulations and Reports Clear-ance, Social Security Administration, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Anti-Harassment and Hostile Work Environment Case Tracking and Records System’’ (RIN0960–AH82) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 14, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–1308. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Election by Quali-fied Small Business to Claim Payroll Tax Credit for Increasing Research Activities’’ (Notice 2017–23) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 13, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–1309. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Proposed Revenue Procedure for Requesting Consent to Change a Method of Accounting’’ (Notice 2017–17) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 13, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–1310. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Notice on Windsor- Related Estate, Gift and Generation-Skip-ping Transfer Issues’’ (Notice 2017–15) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 13, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–1311. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Announcement and Report Concerning Advance Pricing Agree-ments’’ (Announcement 2017–03) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on April 13, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–1312. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Relief from Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code’’ (An-nouncement 2017–4) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 13, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–1313. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘2017 Automobile Price Inflation Adjustment’’ (Rev. Proc. 2017–29) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 13, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–1314. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Small Business/Self Employed Fast Track Settlement’’ (Rev. Proc. 2017–25) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 13, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–1315. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘March 2017 Supple-ment to Rev. Proc. 2014–64, Implementation of Nonresident Alien Deposit Interest Regu-lations’’ (Rev. Proc. 2017–31) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 13, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–1316. A communication from the Prin-cipal Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an ad-dendum to a certification, of the proposed sale or export of defense articles and/or de-fense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2017–0378); to the Committee on For-eign Relations. EC–1317. A communication from the Bu-reau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, the De-partment’s annual report concerning mili-tary assistance and military exports (OSS– 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25AP6.009 S25APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2525 April 25, 2017 
2017–0402); to the Committee on Foreign Re-lations. EC–1318. A communication from the Prin-cipal Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an ad-dendum to a certification, of the proposed sale or export of defense articles and/or de-fense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2017–0379); to the Committee on For-eign Relations. EC–1319. A communication from the Prin-cipal Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an ad-dendum to a certification, of the proposed sale or export of defense articles and/or de-fense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2017–0380); to the Committee on For-eign Relations. EC–1320. A communication from the Acting Assistant Attorney General, Office of Legis-lative Affairs, Department of Justice, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report of the Attorney General to the Con-gress of the United States on the Adminis-tration of the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938, as amended,’’ for the six months ending June 30, 2016; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–1321. A communication from the Office of Presidential Appointments, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, thirty- six (36) reports relative to vacancies in the Department of State, received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 14, 2017; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–1322. A communication from the Acting Assistant Attorney General, Office of Legis-lative Affairs, Department of Justice, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report of the Attorney General to the Con-gress of the United States on the Adminis-tration of the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938, as amended,’’ for the six months ending June 30, 2016; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–1323. A communication from the Bu-reau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Ex-port Control Act (DDTC 16–074); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. EC–1324. A communication from the Bu-reau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Ex-port Control Act (DDTC 16–137); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. EC–1325. A communication from the Bu-reau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Ex-port Control Act (DDTC 16–126); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. EC–1326. A communication from the Bu-reau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Ex-port Control Act (DDTC 16–105); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. EC–1327. A communication from the Bu-reau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Ex-port Control Act (DDTC 16–100); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. EC–1328. A communication from the Bu-reau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Ex-port Control Act (DDTC 16–080); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. EC–1329. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report relative to the Pro-tocol to the North Atlantic Treaty on the Accession of Montenegro of March 28, 2017; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–1330. A communication from the Bu-reau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Ex-port Control Act (DDTC 17–008); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. EC–1331. A communication from the Bu-reau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Ex-port Control Act (DDTC 17–017); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. EC–1332. A communication from the Bu-reau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Ex-port Control Act (DDTC 17–005); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. EC–1333. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Secretary for Program Oper-ations, Employee Benefits Security Adminis-tration, Department of Labor, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Definition of the Term ‘Fiduciary’; Conflict of Interest Rule—Retirement Investment Ad-vice; Best Interest Contract Exemption (Pro-hibited Transaction Exemption 2016–01); Class Exemption for Principal Transactions in Certain Assets Between Investment Ad-vice Fiduciaries and Employee Benefit Plans and IRAs (Prohibited Transaction Exemp-tion 2016–02); Prohibited Transaction Exemp-tions 75–1, 77–4, 80–83, 84–24 and 86–128’’ (RIN1210–AB79) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 7, 2017; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–1334. A communication from the Acting Secretary of Labor, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revi-sion of FOIA Regulations’’ (RIN1290–AA30) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 7, 2017; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–1335. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Division of Select Agents and Toxins, Centers for Disease Con-trol and Prevention, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Posses-sion, Use, and Transfer of Select Agents and Toxins—Addition of Bacillus cereus Biovar anthracis to the HHS List of Select Agents and Toxins’’ (RIN0920–AA64) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 11, 2017; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–1336. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Benefits Payable in Termi-nated Single-Employer Plans; Interest As-sumptions for Valuing and Paying Benefits’’ (29 CFR Part 4022) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 13, 2017; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–1337. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant General Counsel for the Divi-sion of Regulatory Services, Department of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Adjustment of Civil Monetary Penalties for Inflation’’ (RIN1801–AA16) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 18, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–1338. A communication from the Dep-uty General Counsel, Office of General Coun-sel, Department of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Title I—Improving the Academic Achieve-ment of the Disadvantaged (Subpart C—Mi-grant Education Program)’’ (RIN1810–AA99) received in the Office of the President pro tempore of the Senate; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–1339. A communication from the Chair-man of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commis-sion’s fiscal year 2016 annual report relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–1340. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of the Secretary, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s fiscal year 2016 annual report relative to the Noti-fication and Federal Employee Antidiscrimi-nation and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–1341. A communication from the Acting Administrator, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Ad-ministration’s fiscal year 2016 report relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–1342. A communication from the Chief Judge, Superior Court of the District of Co-lumbia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to the District of Columbia Family Court Act; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–1343. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Board’s fiscal year 2016 annual re-port relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retalia-tion Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–1344. A communication from the Acting Chairman, Occupational Safety and Health Review Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s fiscal year 2016 an-nual report relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–1345. A communication from the Presi-dent, Inter-American Foundation, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the Foundation’s fis-cal year 2016 annual report relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Anti-discrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–1346. A communication from the Sec-retary of Transportation, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the Department’s fiscal year 2014 and fiscal year 2015 inventories of com-mercial and inherently governmental posi-tions in the Department of Transportation; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–1347. A communication from the Acting Chairman of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s fiscal year 2016 annual re-port relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retalia-tion Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–1348. A communication from the Spe-cial Counsel, Office of Special Counsel, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Office’s fiscal year 2016 report relative to the Notifi-cation and Federal Employee Antidiscrimi-nation and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25AP6.010 S25APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2526 April 25, 2017 
EC–1349. A communication from the Acting Director, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Agency’s fiscal year 2016 annual report relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Anti-discrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–1350. A communication from the Acting Chairman of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s fiscal year 2016 annual re-port relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retalia-tion Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–1351. A communication from the Direc-tor of Legislative Affairs, Office of the Direc-tor of National Intelligence, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Office’s fiscal year 2016 annual report relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–1352. A communication from the Acting Director, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Agency’s fiscal year 2016 annual report relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Anti-discrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–1353. A communication from the Direc-tor, Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency for the District of Columbia, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the Agency’s fiscal year 2016 annual report relative to the Noti-fication and Federal Employee Antidiscrimi-nation and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–1354. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Communications and Legisla-tive Affairs, Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s Annual Sunshine Act Re-port for 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–1355. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Legislative Affairs, Office of the Director of National Intelligence, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to two (2) vacancies in the Office of the Direc-tor of National Intelligence, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 10, 2017; to the Select Committee on Intelligence. EC–1356. A communication from the Acting Assistant Attorney General, Office of Legis-lative Affairs, Department of Justice, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s Annual Privacy Report for the period Octo-ber 1, 2013 through September 30, 2016; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–1357. A communication from the Direc-tor, Administrative Office of the United States Courts, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Uniform Resource Locators (URLs) for two reports entitled ‘‘2016 Annual Report of the Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts’’ and ‘‘Judicial Business of the United States Courts’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–1358. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel for General Law, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, two (2) reports relative to vacancies in U.S. Citizenship and Immi-gration Services, Department of Homeland Security, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 13, 2017; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–1359. A communication from the Chief of Special Projects, Office of Regulation Pol-icy and Management, Department of Vet-erans Affairs, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘VA Dental In-surance Program’’ (RIN2900–AP91) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 7, 2017; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. EC–1360. A communication from the Office Program Manager, Office of Regulation Pol-icy and Management, Department of Vet-erans Affairs, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Release of VA Records Relating to HIV’’ (RIN2900–AP73) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 6, 2017; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. EC–1361. A communication from the Acting Deputy Administrator, Transportation Secu-rity Administration, Department of Home-land Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Administra-tion’s decision to enter into a contract with a private security screening company to pro-vide screening services at Jackson Hole Air-port (JAC); to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1362. A communication from the Asso-ciate Chief of the Mobility Division, Wireless Telecommunications Bureau, Federal Com-munications Commission, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amendment of the Commission’s Rules with Regard to the 800 MHz Cellular Radio-telephone Service’’ ((WT Docket No. 12–40; WT Docket No. 10–112; WT Docket No. 16–138; RM No. 11510; RM No. 11660) (FCC 17–27)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 7, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1363. A communication from the Asso-ciate Chief of the Mobility Division, Wireless Telecommunications Bureau, Federal Com-munications Commission, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Promoting Technological Solutions to Combat Contraband Wireless Device Use in Correctional Facilities’’ ((GN Docket No. 13– 111) (FCC 17–25)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 7, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1364. A communication from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Expanding the Economic and Innovation Opportunities of Spectrum Through Incentive Auctions; Amendment of Parts 73 and 74 of the Com-mission’s Rules to Establish Rules for Dig-ital Low Power Television and Television Translator Stations; Channel Sharing by Full Power and Class A Stations Outside the Broadcast Television Spectrum Incentive Auction Context’’ ((GN Docket No. 12–268; MB Docket No. 03–185; MB Docket No. 15–137) (FCC 17–29)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 7, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1365. A communication from the Dep-uty Chief, Disability Rights Office, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Structure and Practices of the Video Relay Service Program; Telecommunications Relay Services and Speech-to-Speech Serv-ices for Individuals with Hearing and Speech Disabilities’’ ((CG Docket No. 10–51 and CG Docket No. 03–123) (FCC 17–26)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 7, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1366. A communication from the Acting Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regu-latory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Takes of Marine Mammals Incidental to Specified Activities; Taking Marine Mam-mals Incidental to Space Vehicle and Missile Launch Operations’’ (RIN0648–BG25) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on April 10, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1367. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Federal Maritime Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Amendments to Reg-ulations Governing Service Contracts and NVOCC Service Arrangements’’ (RIN3072– AC53) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 6, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–1368. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Safran Helicopter Engines, S.A., Turboshaft Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–7850)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 6, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1369. A communication from the Acting Chief of the Policy and Rules Division, Office of Engineering and Technology, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amendment of Parts 2, 15, 80, 90, 97, and 101 of the Commission’s Rules Regarding Imple-mentation of the Final Acts of the World Radiocommunication Conference (Geneva, 2012) (WRC–12), Other Allocation Issues, and Related Rule Updates’’ ((ET Doc. No. 15–99) (ET Doc. No. 14–14) (FCC 17–33)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 11, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1370. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Office of General Counsel, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy for the position of Maritime Adminis-trator, Maritime Administration, Depart-ment of Transportation, received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 18, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1371. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Office of General Counsel, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy for the position of Administrator, Na-tional Highway Traffic Safety Administra-tion, Department of Transportation, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on April 18, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1372. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Office of General Counsel, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy for the position of Administrator, Fed-eral Railroad Administration, Department of Transportation, received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 18, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1373. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Office of General Counsel, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy for the position of Administrator, Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Ad-ministration, Department of Transportation, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 18, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1374. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Office of General Counsel, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25AP6.012 S25APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2527 April 25, 2017 
pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy for the position of Administrator, Fed-eral Highway Administration, Department of Transportation, received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 18, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1375. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Office of General Counsel, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy for the position of Administrator, Fed-eral Transit Administration, Department of Transportation, received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 18, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1376. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Office of General Counsel, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy for the position of Administrator, Fed-eral Motor Carrier Safety Administration, Department of Transportation, received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 18, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1377. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Office of General Counsel, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy for the position of Assistant Secretary for Research and Technology, Department of Transportation, received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 18, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1378. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Office of General Counsel, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy for the position of Assistant Secretary for Governmental Affairs, Department of Transportation, received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 18, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1379. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Office of General Counsel, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy for the position of Chief Financial Of-ficer, Department of Transportation, re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 18, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1380. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Office of General Counsel, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy for the position of General Counsel, Department of Transportation, received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 18, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1381. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Office of General Counsel, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy for the position of Assistant Secretary for Aviation and International Affairs, De-partment of Transportation, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 18, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1382. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Office of General Counsel, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy for the position of Assistant Secretary for Transportation Policy, Department of Transportation, received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 18, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1383. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Office of General Counsel, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy for the position of Assistant Secretary of Transportation for Policy, Department of Transportation, received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 18, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1384. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Office of General Counsel, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy for the position of Deputy Secretary, Department of Transportation, received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 18, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1385. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Office of General Counsel, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy for the position of Secretary of Trans-portation, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 18, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petition or memorial was laid before the Senate and was re-ferred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–16. A concurrent resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of North Da-kota urging the United States Congress, under Article V of the United States Con-stitution, to call for a constitutional conven-tion limited to proposing amendments to the United States Constitution, which impose fiscal restraints on the federal government, limit the power and jurisdiction of the fed-eral government, and limit the terms of of-fice for its officials and for members of Con-gress; to the Committee on the Judiciary. H
OUSE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION NO. 3006 Whereas, the founders of the United States Constitution empowered state legislators to be guardians of liberty against excessive use of power by the federal government; and Whereas, the federal government has cre-ated a crushing national debt through im-proper and imprudent spending; and Whereas, the federal government has ceased to operate under a proper interpreta-tion of the United States Constitution; and Whereas, the federal government has in-vaded the legitimate roles of the states through the manipulative process of federal mandates, most of which are unfunded to a great extent; and Whereas, it is the solemn duty of the states to protect the liberty of our people, particularly for the generations to come, by proposing amendments to the United States Constitution through a convention of the states under Article V for the purpose of re-straining these and related abuses of power: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the House of Representatives of North Dakota, the Senate concurring therein: That the Sixty-fifth Legislative Assembly urges the Congress, under the provisions of Article V of the United States Constitution, to call a convention of the states limited to proposing amendments to the United States Constitution which impose fiscal restraints on the federal government, limit the power and jurisdiction of the federal government, and limit the terms of office for its officials and for members of Congress; and be it fur-ther Resolved, that this application constitutes a continuing application in accordance with Article V of the United States Constitution until the legislatures of at least two-thirds of the several states have made applications on the same subject; and be it further Resolved, that the Legislative Assembly adopts this application expressly subject to the following reservations, understandings, and declarations: 1. An application to the Congress of the United States to call an amendment conven-tion of the states pursuant to Article V of the United States Constitution confers no power to Congress other than the power to call such a convention. The power of Con-gress to exercise this ministerial duty con-sists solely of the authority to name a rea-sonable time and place for the initial meet-ing of a convention; 2. Congress shall perform its ministerial duty of calling an amendment convention of the states only upon the receipt of applica-tions for an amendment convention for the substantially same purpose as this applica-tion from two-thirds of the legislatures of the several states; 3. Congress does not have the power or au-thority to determine any rules for the gov-erning of a convention for proposing amend-ments called pursuant to Article V of the United States Constitution. Congress does not have the power to set the number of del-egates to be sent by any state to such a con-vention, nor does it have the power to name delegates to such a convention. The power to name delegates remains exclusively within the authority of the legislatures of the sev-eral states; 4. By definition, an amendment convention of the states means that states shall vote on the basis of one state, one vote; 5. A convention for proposing amendments convened pursuant to this application must be limited to consideration of the topics specified herein and no other. This applica-tion is made with the express understanding that an amendment that in any way seeks to amend, modify, or repeal any provision of the Bill of Rights is not authorized for con-sideration at any stage. This application is void ab initio if ever used at any stage to consider any change to any provision of the Bill of Rights; 6. Pursuant to Article V of the United States Constitution, Congress may deter-mine whether proposed amendments must be ratified by the legislatures of the several states or by special state ratification con-ventions. The Legislative Assembly rec-ommends Congress select ratification by the legislatures of the several states; and 7. The Legislative Assembly may provide further instructions to its delegates and may recall its delegates at any time for a breach of a duty or a violation of the instructions provided; and be it further Resolved, that the Secretary of State for-ward copies of this resolution to the Presi-dent and Secretary of the Senate and the Speaker and Clerk of the House of Rep-resentatives of the Congress, each member of the United States Congressional Delegation from North Dakota, and the presiding offi-cers of each house of the legislatures of the several states, requesting their cooperation. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25AP6.013 S25APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2528 April 25, 2017 
By Mr. HATCH, from the Committee on Fi-nance, without amendment: S.J. Res. 41. An original joint resolution providing for an exception to the limitation on the appointment of certain persons as the United States Trade Representative. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. M CCAIN for the Committee on Armed Services. Navy nominations beginning with Rear Adm. (lh) Richard A. Brown and ending with Rear Adm. (lh) John W. Tammen, Jr., which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 21, 2017. Navy nominations beginning with Capt. Kevin M. Jones and ending with Capt. Thom-as J. Moreau, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 21, 2017. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Brig. Gen. David G. Bellon and ending with Brig. Gen. Patrick J. Hermesmann, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 21, 2017. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Brig. Gen. Edward D. Banta and ending with Brig. Gen. Eric M. Smith, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 21, 2017. Marine Corps nomination of Col. Michael S. Martin, to be Brigadier General. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Col. James H. Adams III and ending with Col. Christian F. Wortman, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record on March 21, 2017. Army nomination of Maj. Gen. Bryan P. Fenton, to be Lieutenant General. Army nomination of Maj. Gen. Darrell K. Williams, to be Lieutenant General. Navy nomination of Rear Adm. David H. Lewis, to be Vice Admiral. Navy nomination of Rear Adm. Mathias W. Winter, to be Vice Admiral. Navy nomination of Rear Adm. (lh) Steven L. Parode, to be Rear Admiral. Navy nomination of Rear Adm. (lh) John P. Polowczyk, to be Rear Admiral. Navy nominations beginning with Rear Adm. (lh) Jon A. Hill and ending with Rear Adm. (lh) Gordon D. Peters, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record on March 27, 2017. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, for the Committee on Armed Services I report favorably the following nomination lists which were printed in the R
ECORD s on the dates indicated, and ask unani-mous consent, to save the expense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that these nominations lie at the Sec-retary’s desk for the information of Senators. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
Air Force nomination of Raymond C. Jones III, to be Major. Air Force nomination of Christopher E. Austin, to be Colonel. Air Force nominations beginning with Robert D. Houghteling and ending with Carl H. Spears, Jr., which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 27, 2017. Air Force nominations beginning with Lisa Ann Banyasz and ending with Julie L. Wible, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 27, 2017. Air Force nominations beginning with Lori J. Betters and ending with Lisa S. Shear, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 27, 2017. Air Force nomination of James A. Crider, to be Colonel. Air Force nominations beginning with Jose E. Barrera and ending with David H. Zonies, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 27, 2017. Air Force nominations beginning with Kristin L. Ader and ending with Christopher C. Vannatta, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 27, 2017. Air Force nominations beginning with Gregg Michael Caggianelli and ending with William Scott Wiecher, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 27, 2017. Air Force nominations beginning with Pat-rick W. Albrecht and ending with Stephen S. Yoon, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on March 27, 2017. Air Force nomination of Stephen N. Luker, to be Major. Air Force nominations beginning with Tyler J. Banachowski and ending with Marita N. Zguri, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 27, 2017. Air Force nominations beginning with Joni A. Abbott and ending with Danielle C. Yuen, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 27, 2017. Air Force nominations beginning with Mi-chael J. Alfaro and ending with Sara M. Wil-son, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 27, 2017. Air Force nominations beginning with Jes-sica L. Abbott and ending with Heath D. Wright, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on March 27, 2017. Air Force nominations beginning with Corey R. Anderson and ending with Andrew J. Stoy, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on March 27, 2017. Air Force nominations beginning with Ed-ward R. Anderson III and ending with Ramon Yambo Arias, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 27, 2017. Air Force nominations beginning with Pat-rick M. Albritton and ending with Ray A. Zuniga, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 4, 2017. Air Force nominations beginning with Neil R. Copeland and ending with Olivia M. Vaughan, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 6, 2017. Air Force nomination of Robert P. McCoy, to be Colonel. Air Force nomination of Allen R. Hender-son, Jr., to be Colonel. Air Force nomination of George L. Bur-nett, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Air Force nomination of Dion R. Dixon, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Air Force nomination of Rebecca A. Lipe, to be Major. Air Force nomination of Michael N. Tesfay, to be Major. Air Force nomination of Megan G. K. Steele, to be Major. Air Force nominations beginning with Ryan W. Abner and ending with Breanca G. Young, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 6, 2017. Air Force nominations beginning with Allen Seth Abrams and ending with Thomas Benjamin Williams, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 6, 2017. Air Force nominations beginning with Chad A. Bellamy and ending with Andrew L. Thornley, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 6, 2017. Air Force nominations beginning with Aimee L. Alviar and ending with David A. Whitehorn, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 6, 2017. Air Force nominations beginning with Willie J. Babor and ending with Maureen Schellie Wood, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 6, 2017. Air Force nominations beginning with Hec-tor L. Coloncolon and ending with Kevin L. Lockett, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 6, 2017. Air Force nominations beginning with Beth M. Baykan and ending with William T. Wilson, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 6, 2017. Air Force nomination of Martin J. Ham-ilton, to be Colonel. Air Force nominations beginning with Mi-chael A. Blackburn and ending with Jason S. Wrachford, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 6, 2017. Army nomination of Scott C. Apling, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Patricia L. George, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Adam J. Points, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Larry G. Workman, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Robert J. Dunlap, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Wayne O. Dehaney, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Johnathan T. Parchem, to be Colonel. Army nominations beginning with Jacob P. Absalon and ending with G010445, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 27, 2017. Army nominations beginning with Mark P. Adams and ending with G010388, which nomi-nations were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record on March 27, 2017. Army nominations beginning with Amir A. Abuakeel and ending with D013352, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 27, 2017. Army nominations beginning with Vanessa R. Asmus and ending with D013007, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 27, 2017. Army nomination of Michael C. Flynn, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Steve L. Martinelli, to be Colonel. Army nominations beginning with Ken-
neth Ahorrio and ending with Paul W. Zie-gler III, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on March 27, 2017. Army nominations beginning with Tolulope O. Adeyemi and ending with D013595, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on March 27, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25AP6.023 S25APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2529 April 25, 2017 
Army nominations beginning with Paul J. E. Auchincloss and ending with D012628, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 27, 2017. Army nominations beginning with Rachel A. Acciacca and ending with Lauren E. White, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on March 27, 2017. Army nomination of Christopher J. Brown, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nominations beginning with Daniel B. King and ending with Todd E. Wainman, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 27, 2017. Army nomination of John J. Bottorff, to be Major. Army nomination of Eugene L. Thomas III, to be Major. Army nomination of John T. Bleigh, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Jeffrey D. Buck, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Michael W. Preczewski, to be Major. Army nominations beginning with Candy Boparai and ending with Lincoln F. Wil-liams, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 4, 2017. Army nominations beginning with Charles J. Haselby and ending with Jason T. Ramspott, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 4, 2017. Army nomination of Alexander M. Willard, to be Major. Army nomination of Christopher K. Berthold, to be Major. Army nomination of Preston H. Leonard, to be Major. Army nomination of Nicole E. Ussery, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Michael D. Baker, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Bridget V. Kmetz, to be Colonel. Army nominations beginning with Vedner Bellot and ending with James Robinson, Jr., which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 4, 2017. Army nominations beginning with Angela L. Funaro and ending with Chad Hackley, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 4, 2017. Army nomination of Brian R. Harki, to be Colonel. Army nominations beginning with Jona-than L. Bouriaque and ending with David A. Langer, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 4, 2017. Army nominations beginning with Tim-othy L. Baer and ending with Gerald R. White, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 4, 2017. Army nomination of James V. Crawford, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Mohammed S. Aziz, to be Major. Army nomination of Seth C. Lydem, to be Major. Army nomination of Christopher C. Ostby, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Calvin E. Fish, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Aaron E. Lane, to be Major. Army nomination of Damien Boffardi, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Randy D. Dorsey, to be Colonel. Army nominations beginning with Ben-jamin R. Smith and ending with Stalin R. Subramanian, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 4, 2017. Army nomination of Mark W. Hopkins, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nominations beginning with Thomas R. Matelski and ending with Joshua H. Walker, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 4, 2017. Army nomination of Mark B. Howell, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Julio ColonGonzalez, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nominations beginning with Jason N. Bullock and ending with Gerald A. Nunziato, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 4, 2017. Army nomination of Jennifer A. McAfee, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Nina R. Copeland, to be Major. Army nomination of Calvin E. Townsend, to be Major. Army nomination of Scott A. McDonald, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Thomas P. Lukins, to be Major. Army nomination of Scott M. McFarland, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Jeffrey A. Miller, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Joseph M. Kilonzo, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Brandi A. Schuyler, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of David J. Kaczmarek, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Jonathan A. Johnson, to be Major. Army nominations beginning with James A. Benson and ending with William M. Yanek II, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 6, 2017. Army nomination of Crystal J. Smith, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Dana B. Love, to be 
Major. Army nomination of Douglas A. McKewan, to be Colonel. Army nomination of David M. Wallace, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Lisa M. Patton, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Basil J. Catanzaro, to be Colonel. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Daniel E. Alger, Jr. and ending with Jessica M. Wall, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 4, 2017. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Anis A. Abuzeid and ending with Craig A. Zoellner, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 4, 2017. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Daniel W. Annunziata and ending with Leah R. Parrott, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 4, 2017. Marine Corps nomination of James R. Reusse, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Jose M. Acevedo and ending with Francisco X. Zavala, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 4, 2017. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Henry Centeno, Jr. and ending with James L. Shelton, Jr., which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 4, 2017. Marine Corps nomination of Richard K. O’Brien, to be Major. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Michael J. Allen and ending with Chris-topher T. Hambrick, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 4, 2017. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Jeremy T. Flannery and ending with Mark L. Oldroyd, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 4, 2017. Marine Corps nomination of Joseph W. Hockett, to be Major. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Francisco D. Amaya and ending with Tyson E. Peters, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 4, 2017. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Michael M. Dodd and ending with Robert J. Snoddy, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 4, 2017. Marine Corps nomination of David S. Gersen, to be Major. Marine Corps nomination of John W. Glinsky, to be Major. Marine Corps nomination of Keith A. Ste-venson, to be Major. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Quentin R. Carritt and ending with Eric A. Sharpe, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 4, 2017. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Anthony P. Green and ending with Michael A. Young, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 4, 2017. Marine Corps nomination of Stuart M. Barker, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Richard Canedo and ending with David L. Ogden, Jr., which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 4, 2017. Marine Corps nomination of John E. Simp-son III, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Marine Corps nomination of Sean T. Hays, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Luke A. Crouson and ending with Jason C. Flores, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 4, 2017. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Arlington A. Finch, Jr. and ending with Kevin M. Tscherch, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 4, 2017. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Stephen J. Acosta and ending with Donald R. Wright, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 4, 2017. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Joshua P. Bahr and ending with Janhendrik C. Zurlippe, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 4, 2017. Marine Corps nominations beginning with John T. Brown, Jr. and ending with Julius G. Jones, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 4, 2017. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Eli J. Bressler and ending with James R. Strand, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 4, 2017. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Chadwick W. Ardis and ending with Brad J. Wilde, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 4, 2017. Marine Corps nomination of Duane A. Gumbs, to be Major. Navy nomination of Aaron B. Mayer, to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nomination of John J. Kitt, to be Commander. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25AP6.017 S25APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2530 April 25, 2017 
Navy nominations beginning with Jorge R. Balares, Jr. and ending with Brandon M. Zoss, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 4, 2017. Navy nomination of Mary E. Linnell, to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nominations beginning with Spencer M. Burk and ending with Brianna S. Whittemore, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 4, 2017. Navy nominations beginning with Kirk J. Hippensteel and ending with John M. Ruggero, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 4, 2017. Navy nomination of Evita M. Salles, to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nomination of John P. H. Rue, to be Captain. Navy nominations beginning with Michael W. Ameche and ending with Joshua J. Whitlow, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 6, 2017. Navy nominations beginning with Rachel E. Carter and ending with Kevin D. Keith, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 6, 2017. Navy nominations beginning with Mauer Biscotti III and ending with Adam J. Susmarski, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 6, 2017. Navy nomination of Donald V. Wilson, to be Commander. Navy nomination of Michael A. Winslow, to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nominations beginning with Horacio G. Tan and ending with Derrick A. Thomas, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 6, 2017. Navy nomination of Natalie C. O. Gilliver, to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nomination of John F. Sharpe, to be Commander. Navy nomination of Reann S. Mommsen, to be Lieutenant Commander. By Mr. HATCH for the Committee on Fi-nance. *Robert Lighthizer, of Florida, to be United States Trade Representative, with the rank of Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. (Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mrs. ERNST (for herself and Ms. H
IRONO ): S. 925. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the ability of health care professionals to treat veterans through the use of telemedicine, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Mrs. ERNST (for herself and Mr. M
ANCHIN ): S. 926. A bill to authorize the Global War on Terror Memorial Foundation to establish the National Global War on Terrorism Me-morial as a commemorative work in the Dis-trict of Columbia, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Mr. LEAHY (for himself and Mr. GRASSLEY ): S. 927. A bill to allow acceleration certifi-cates awarded under the Patents for Human-ity Program to be transferable; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Mr. B
OOKER , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B ROWN , Ms. C ANT-
WELL , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. W
ARREN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. F RANKEN , Ms. H
ARRIS , and Mr. D URBIN ): S. 928. A bill to prohibit, as an unfair or de-ceptive act or practice, commercial sexual orientation conversion therapy, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. By Mrs. SHAHEEN: S. 929. A bill to improve the HUBZone pro-gram; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. By Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mr. M
CCAIN, and Mr. K ING): S. 930. A bill to require the Administrator of the Western Area Power Administration to establish a pilot project to provide in-creased transparency for customers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ): S. 931. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4910 Brighton Boulevard in Denver, Colorado, as the ‘‘George Sakato Post Office’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. By Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. J
OHN-
SON, Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. P AUL, and Mr. L
EE): S. 932. A bill to amend the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 to provide that any esti-mate prepared by the Congressional Budget Office or the Joint Committee on Taxation shall include costs relating to servicing the public debt, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Budget. By Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself and Mr. C
ASEY ): S. 933. A bill to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to provide veterans the option of using an alter-native appeals process to more quickly de-termine claims for disability compensation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M
URRAY ): S. 934. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to revise and extend the user-fee programs for prescription drugs, medical devices, generic drugs, and bio-similar biological products, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. PAUL (for himself and Mr. H
ELLER ): S. 935. A bill to amend the Endangered Spe-cies Act of 1973 to permit Governors of States to regulate intrastate endangered spe-cies and intrastate threatened species, to amend the Migratory Bird Treaty Act to per-mit the taking of certain black vultures and ravens, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. D UR-
BIN, Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. S TABENOW , and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ): S. 936. A bill to designate certain National Forest System land and certain public land under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Interior in the States of Idaho, Montana, Or-egon, Washington, and Wyoming as wilder-ness, wild and scenic rivers, wildland recov-ery areas, and biological connecting cor-ridors, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. BLUNT , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. R OUNDS , and Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR ): S. 937. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for a refundable adoption tax credit; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, Mr. C ARPER , and Mr. R EED): S. 938. A bill to require notice of cost-free Federal procurement technical assistance in connection with registration of small busi-ness concerns in procurement systems; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. CRUZ: S. 939. A bill to reserve any amounts for-feited to the United States Government as a result of the criminal prosecution of Joaquin Archivaldo Guzman Loera (commonly known as ‘‘El Chapo’’), or of other felony convic-tions involving the transportation of con-trolled substances into the United States, for security measures along the Southern bor-der, including the completion of a border wall; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ENZI (for himself and Mr. N
EL-
SON): S. 940. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to modify the rules relat-ing to loans made from a qualified employer plan, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. TESTER: S. 941. A bill to withdraw certain National Forest System land in the Emigrant Crevice area located in the Custer Gallatin National Forest, Park County, Montana, from the mining and mineral leasing laws of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Mr. HATCH: S.J. Res. 41. An original joint resolution providing for an exception to the limitation on the appointment of certain persons as the United States Trade Representative; from the Committee on Finance; placed on the calendar. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mrs. C
APITO , Mr. D AINES , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. R
UBIO, Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. S
ANDERS , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. T
ESTER , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ): S. Res. 138. A resolution honoring National Former Prisoner of War Recognition Day on April 9, 2017, and commemorating the 75th anniversary of the fall of Bataan; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. B
OOZMAN , and Mr. D URBIN ): S. Res. 139. A resolution condemning the Government of Iran’s state-sponsored perse-cution of its Baha’i minority and its contin-ued violation of the International Covenants on Human Rights; to the Committee on For-eign Relations. By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25AP6.018 S25APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2531 April 25, 2017 
S. Res. 140. A resolution supporting the designation of April 2017 as ‘‘Parkinson’s Awareness Month’’; considered and agreed to. By Mr. SCOTT (for himself and Mr. G
RAHAM ): S. Res. 141. A resolution congratulating the University of South Carolina women’s bas-ketball team for winning the 2017 National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I Women’s Basketball Tournament Champion-ship; considered and agreed to. By Mr. KAINE (for himself and Mr. W
ARNER ): S. Res. 142. A resolution commemorating the 10th anniversary of the tragic events at Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University on April 16, 2007; considered and agreed to. By Mr. TESTER: S. Res. 143. A resolution supporting fair and equitable grading treatment for exports of United States wheat products to Canada; to the Committee on Finance. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 59 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 59, a bill to provide that silencers be treat-ed the same as long guns. 
S. 109 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 109, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medicare program of pharmacist services. 
S. 223 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 223, a bill to provide immunity from suit for certain individuals who disclose potential examples of financial exploitation of senior citizens, and for other purposes. 
S. 234 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 234, a bill to provide incen-tives for businesses to keep jobs in America. 
S. 253 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 253, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to repeal the Medicare outpatient rehabilitation therapy caps. 
S. 292 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the names of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) and the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 292, a bill to maximize discovery, and accelerate development and availability, of promising child-hood cancer treatments, and for other purposes. 
S. 339 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the names of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) and the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. HEINRICH ) were added as cosponsors of S. 339, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to repeal the requirement for reduction of sur-vivor annuities under the Survivor Benefit Plan by veterans’ dependency and indemnity compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 445 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the names of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING), the Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ), the Senator from Wis-consin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ), the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ), and the Sen-ator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITE-
HOUSE ) were added as cosponsors of S. 445, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure more timely access to home health services for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medicare program. 
S. 470 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 470, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to en-hance the Child and Dependent Care Tax Credit and make the credit fully refundable. 
S. 487 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 487, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide for an exclusion for assistance pro-vided to participants in certain veteri-nary student loan repayment or for-giveness programs. 
S. 497 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the names of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 497, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act to provide for Medicare cov-erage of certain lymphedema compres-sion treatment items as items of dura-ble medical equipment. 
S. 517 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 517, a bill to amend the Clean Air Act with respect to the ethanol waiver for Reid vapor pressure limitations under such Act. 
S. 569 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) and the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 569, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to provide consistent and reliable author-ity for, and for the funding of, the Land and Water Conservation Fund to maxi-mize the effectiveness of the Fund for future generations, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 611 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. BALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 611, a bill to amend the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act to meet the needs of homeless chil-dren, youth, and families, and honor the assessments and priorities of local communities. 
S. 632 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 632, a bill to amend title 28 of the United States Code to authorize the appointment of additional bank-ruptcy judges; and for other purposes. 
S. 652 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 652, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthor-ize a program for early detection, diag-nosis, and treatment regarding deaf and hard-of-hearing newborns, infants, and young children. 
S. 717 
At the request of Mr. S ULLIVAN , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 717, a bill to promote pro bono legal services as a critical way in which to empower survivors of domestic vio-lence. 
S. 720 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 720, a bill to amend the Export Ad-ministration Act of 1979 to include in the prohibitions on boycotts against allies of the United States boycotts fostered by international governmental organizations against Israel and to di-rect the Export-Import Bank of the United States to oppose boycotts against Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 722 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the names of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ), the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ), the Senator from Wash-ington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ), and the Sen-ator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 722, a bill to impose sanctions with respect to Iran in relation to Iran’s ballistic missile program, support for acts of inter-national terrorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes. 
S. 744 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the names of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 744, a bill to amend the Fair Credit Reporting Act to delay the inclusion in consumer credit reports and to establish require-ments for debt collectors with respect to medical debt information of vet-erans due to inappropriate or delayed billing payments or reimbursements from the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 754 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25AP6.025 S25APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2532 April 25, 2017 
PERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 754, a bill to support meeting our Na-tion’s growing cybersecurity workforce needs by expanding the cybersecurity education pipeline. 
S. 832 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 832, a bill to enhance the trans-parency and accelerate the impact of programs under the African Growth and Opportunity Act and the Millen-nium Challenge Corporation, and for other purposes. 
S. 869 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name of the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 869, a bill to repeal the violation of sov-ereign nations’ laws and privacy mat-ters. 
S. 872 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 872, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to make permanent the extension of the Medicare-dependent hospital (MDH) program and the increased payments under the Medicare low-volume hos-pital program. 
S. 878 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 878, a bill to establish privacy protec-tions for customers of broadband Inter-net access service and other tele-communications services. 
S. 901 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 901, a bill to prohibit any reduction in the amount of the per diem allowance to which members of the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine Corps or civilian employees of the Department of De-fense are entitled based on the dura-tion of temporary duty assignments or official travel, and for other purposes. 
S. 910 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 910, a bill to prohibit discrimi-nation against individuals with disabil-ities who need long-term services and supports, and for other purposes. 
S. 923 
At the request of Mr. K ENNEDY , the name of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL) was added as a cosponsor of S. 923, a bill to exempt certain finan-cial institutions from regulations issued under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protec-tion Act. 
S. CON. RES. 12 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) and the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) were added as co-sponsors of S. Con. Res. 12, a concur-rent resolution expressing the sense of Congress that those who served in the bays, harbors, and territorial seas of the Republic of Vietnam during the pe-riod beginning on January 9, 1962, and ending on May 7, 1975, should be pre-sumed to have served in the Republic of Vietnam for all purposes under the Agent Orange Act of 1991. S. RES. 99 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. Res. 99, a resolution recog-nizing the 11 African-American soldiers of the 333rd Field Artillery Battalion who were massacred in Wereth, Bel-gium, during the Battle of the Bulge in December 1944. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. LEAHY (for himself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ): S. 927. A bill to allow acceleration certificates awarded under the Patents for Humanity Program to be transfer-able; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, tomor-row, April 26, is World Intellectual Property Day, an opportunity for peo-ple around the world to appreciate and learn about the role of intellectual property rights in promoting innova-tion. Our Founders believed that the right to enjoy the benefit of one’s own inventions was so important to the progress of science that they included it in the Constitution. More than 200 years later, limited exclusive rights for inventors continue to incentivize the research and development and make the United States the global leader in innovation. In the spirit of this year’s theme, ‘‘Innovation—Improving Lives,’’ I am proud to partner with Senator G
RASS -
LEYto reintroduce the Patents for Hu-manity Program Improvement Act. Patents for Humanity is a perfect ex-ample of how intellectual property rights encourage inventors to develop creative solutions to some of the world’s most pressing humanitarian challenges. Since 2012, the Patents for Humanity Program of the U.S. Patent and Trade-mark Office, PTO, has honored patent holders whose inventions apply cut-ting-edge technology to meet global challenges in medicine, nutrition, sani-tation, energy, and living standards. The winning inventors receive a cer-tificate to accelerate future PTO proc-esses, such as a reexamination or addi-tional patent applications. The Patents for Humanity Program provides an im-portant incentive for talented innovators to use their expertise and intellect to enhance the public good. The winners of the Patents for Hu-manity Program have addressed some of the toughest challenges in the devel-oping world. One lab developed a vac-cine cooler that has been used in the fight against the Ebola virus. A non-profit organization created a strand of rice enriched with vitamin A to pre-vent a nutritional deficiency that is the leading killer of children globally. A social enterprise made a low-cost solar light that can replace dangerous kerosene lamps in areas without elec-tricity. These life saving inventions are exactly the kind of innovations that our intellectual property system should incentivize. In 2012, the Director of the PTO testi-fied before the Judiciary Committee that Patents for Humanity would at-tract even more innovators if the win-ners could transfer their acceleration certificates to a third party. Fre-quently, successful small businesses and individual inventors are unable to continue their projects or are pre-vented from taking advantage of the accelerated process because of acquisi-tions and reorganizations. Transfer-ability of the award certificates would increase the incentive for these small businesses and individuals to develop innovative technologies that would benefit the public and international de-velopment. This bipartisan legislation would allow Patents for Humanity winners to transfer their acceleration certificates. This straightforward, common sense reform to the Patents for Humanity Program passed the Senate by unani-mous consent last Congress. I am hope-ful that it will again this Congress and that we can finally enact into law this simple improvement to a successful program. We should take every oppor-tunity we can to encourage and sup-port enterprising Americans with bright ideas that will benefit both our country and the world. By Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. J
OHNSON , Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. P
AUL, and Mr. L EE): S. 932. A bill to amend the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974 to provide that any estimate prepared by the Con-gressional Budget Office or the Joint Committee on Taxation shall include costs relating to servicing the public debt, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Budget. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 932 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Budgetary Accuracy in Scoring Interest Costs Act of 2017’’ or the ‘‘BASIC Act’’. 
SEC. 2. CBO AND JCT ESTIMATES TO INCLUDE DEBT SERVICING COSTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 621 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 402 the following: ‘‘
ESTIMATES TO INCLUDE DEBT SERVICING COSTS  ‘‘S
EC. 403. Any estimate prepared by the Congressional Budget Office under section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25AP6.029 S25APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2533 April 25, 2017 
402, and any estimate prepared by the Joint Committee on Taxation, shall include, to the extent practicable, the costs (if any) of serv-icing the public debt.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents of such Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 402 the fol-lowing: ‘‘403. Estimates to include debt servicing costs.’’. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 138—HON-ORING NATIONAL FORMER PRIS-ONER OF WAR RECOGNITION DAY ON APRIL 9, 2017, AND COM-MEMORATING THE 75TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE FALL OF BA-TAAN Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mrs. C
AP-
ITO, Mr. D AINES , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. R
UBIO, Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. S
ANDERS , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. T ESTER , and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. R ES. 138 Whereas, throughout United States his-tory, United States servicemen and service-women held as prisoners of war have endured unimaginable cruelty and unspeakable treat-ment at the hands of their captors in— (1) British prison ships floating in the har-bor of New York City; (2) tiger cages in North Vietnam; (3) coal mines in Omuta, Japan; and (4) mine shafts in Berga, Germany; Whereas many of these servicemen and servicewomen, while in service to the United States, lost their lives as prisoners of war under cruel and inhumane conditions; Whereas United States service members held as prisoners of war have— (1) endured situations few people of the United States can imagine; and (2) found courage in a darkness that other people of the United States will hopefully never experience; Whereas National Former Prisoner of War Recognition Day was established to memori-alize the surrender by General Edward P. King of 80,000 United States and Filipino troops on the Bataan Peninsula on April 9, 1942, which led to— (1) the infamous Bataan Death March; and (2) nearly 4 years of brutal imprisonment and slave labor for the survivors; Whereas, by May 10, 1942, over 11,500 sol-diers from the United States and the Phil-ippines surrendered on Corregidor, a fortress island in Manila Bay, and at various bases on islands in the southern Philippines, which resulted in the largest surrender of United States soldiers in United States military his-tory; Whereas, during World War II, over 26,000 prisoners of war from the United States were held by Imperial Japan, of which an esti-mated 40 percent died, and nearly 
1⁄3of those deaths occurred on ‘‘hell ships’’ that carried the prisoners of war to Japan to become slave labor in Japanese companies; Whereas the productive peace between the United States and Japan has produced a model of reconciliation between former com-batants; Whereas, in 2009, the Government of Japan offered an apology to the United States pris-oners of war for the damage and suffering of the prisoners of war in Imperial Japan; Whereas, in 2010, the Government of Japan established a program for former prisoners of war and their families to visit Japan and the former prisoner of war camps; and Whereas the former prisoners of war who have participated in the program described in the ninth whereas clause have encouraged the Government of Japan to partner with Japanese companies to continue the program as— (1) an international model of reconcili-ation; and (2) a permanent fund to support projects for remembrance, documentation, education, and exchange: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) honors National Former Prisoner of War Recognition Day on April 9, 2017; (2) commemorates the 75th anniversary of the fall of Bataan on April 9, 1942; and (3) applauds the efforts of the Government of Japan toward a historic apology for the maltreatment of United States prisoners of war by Imperial Japan. f SENATE RESOLUTION 139—CON-DEMNING THE GOVERNMENT OF IRAN’S STATE-SPONSORED PER-SECUTION OF ITS BAHA’I MINOR-ITY AND ITS CONTINUED VIOLA-TION OF THE INTERNATIONAL COVENANTS ON HUMAN RIGHTS Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. B
OOZMAN , and Mr. D URBIN ) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on For-eign Relations: 
S. R ES. 139 Whereas in 1982, 1984, 1988, 1990, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1996, 2000, 2004, 2006, 2008, 2009, 2012, 2013, 2015, and 2016, Congress declared that it de-plored the religious persecution by the Gov-ernment of Iran of the Baha’i community and would hold the Government of Iran re-sponsible for upholding the rights of all Ira-nian nationals, including members of the Baha’i Faith; Whereas the United States Commission on International Religious Freedom 2016 Annual Report states— (1) ‘‘The Baha’i community, the largest non-Muslim religious minority in Iran, long has been subject to particularly severe reli-gious freedom violations. The government views Baha’is, who number at least 300,000, as ‘heretics’ and consequently they face re-pression on the grounds of apostasy.’’; (2) ‘‘Since 1979, authorities have killed or executed more than 200 Baha’i leaders, and more than 10,000 have been dismissed from government and university jobs.’’; and (3) ‘‘Over the past 10 years, approximately 850 Baha’is have been arbitrarily arrested.’’; Whereas the Department of State 2015 International Religious Freedom Report states— (1) Religious minorities in Iran ‘‘continued to face societal discrimination, especially the Bahai community, which reported con-tinuing problems at different levels of soci-ety, including personal harassment.’’; (2) The Government of Iran ‘‘continued to prohibit Bahais from officially assembling or maintaining administrative institutions, ac-tively closed such institutions, harassed Ba-hais, and disregarded their property rights.’’; (3) In Iran, ‘‘Bahai blood may be spilled with impunity, and Bahai families are not entitled to restitution’’ and ‘‘Bahais cannot receive compensation for injury or crimes committed against them and cannot inherit property.’’; (4) The Government of Iran ‘‘requires uni-versities to exclude Bahais from access to higher education or expel them if their reli-gious affiliation becomes known.’’; and (5) In Iran, ‘‘Bahais are banned from gov-ernment employment’’ and ‘‘[t]here were re-ports of non-Bahais being pressured to refuse employment to Bahais or dismissing Bahais from their private sector jobs.’’; Whereas on June 8, 2016, the United Na-tions Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in the Islamic Republic of Iran and the United Nations Special Rapporteur on freedom of religion or belief issued a joint statement condemning the ‘‘wave of incite-ment of hatred of the Baha’i community re-flected in speeches made by religious, judici-ary and political officials in the Islamic Re-public of Iran’’; Whereas on September 6, 2016, the United Nations Secretary-General issued a report on the situation of human rights in the Islamic Republic of Iran (A/71/374), which stated that ‘‘human rights violations have continued at an alarming rate’’; Whereas on December 17, 2016, the United Nations General Assembly adopted a resolu-tion (A/RES/70/179), which ‘‘[e]xpresse[d] seri-ous concern about ongoing severe limita-tions and restrictions on the right to free-dom of thought, conscience, religion or belief and restrictions on the establishment of places of worship, as well as attacks against places of worship and burial, as well as other human rights violations, including but not limited to harassment, persecution and in-citement to hatred that lead to violence against persons belonging to recognized and unrecognized religious minorities, including Christians, Jews, Sufi Muslims, Sunni Mus-lims, Zoroastrians and members of the Baha’i Faith and their defenders’’; Whereas since May 2008, the Government of Iran has imprisoned the 7 members of the former ad hoc leadership group of the Baha’i community in Iran, known as the Yaran-i- Iran, or ‘‘friends of Iran’’—Mrs. Fariba Kamalabadi, Mr. Jamaloddin Khanjani, Mr. Afif Naeimi, Mr. Saeid Rezaie, Mr. Behrouz Tavakkoli, Mrs. Mahvash Sabet, and Mr. Vahid Tizfahm—and these individuals were convicted of charges including ‘‘spying for Israel, insulting religious sanctities, propa-ganda against the regime and spreading cor-ruption on earth’’ and sentenced to 20-year prison terms, the longest sentences given to any prisoner of conscience in Iran at that time, now reportedly reduced to 10 years; Whereas beginning in May 2011, officials of the Government of Iran in 4 cities conducted sweeping raids on the homes of dozens of in-dividuals associated with the Baha’i Insti-tute for Higher Education (referred to in this Resolution as ‘‘BIHE’’) and arrested and de-tained several educators associated with BIHE, with 16 BIHE educators ultimately sentenced to 4- or 5-year prison terms, 7 of whom remain in prison; Whereas scores of Baha’i cemeteries have been attacked, and, in 2014, Revolutionary Guards began excavating a Baha’i cemetery in Shiraz, which is the site of 950 graves, and built a cultural and sport center on the cem-etery site; Whereas the Baha’i International Commu-nity reported that there has been a recent surge in anti-Baha’i hate propaganda in Ira-nian state-sponsored media outlets, noting that— (1) in 2010 and 2011, approximately 22 anti- Baha’i articles were appearing every month; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25AP6.021 S25APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2534 April 25, 2017 
(2) in 2014, the number of anti-Baha’i arti-cles rose to approximately 400 per month; and (3) by 2016, the number of anti-Baha’i arti-cles rose to approximately 1,500 per month; Whereas there are currently 90 Baha’is in prison in Iran; Whereas the Government of Iran is party to the International Covenants on Human Rights and is in violation of its obligations under such Covenants; Whereas section 105 of the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Divest-ment Act of 2010 (22 U.S.C. 8514) authorizes the President to impose sanctions on individ-uals ‘‘responsible for or complicit in, or re-sponsible for ordering, controlling, or other-wise directing, the commission of serious human rights abuses against citizens of Iran or their family members on or after June 12, 2009’’; and Whereas the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–158) amends and expands the authorities established under the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–195) to sanction Iranian human rights abusers: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) condemns the Government of Iran’s state-sponsored persecution of its Baha’i mi-nority and its continued violation of the International Covenants on Human Rights; (2) calls on the Government of Iran to im-mediately release the 7 imprisoned Baha’i leaders, the 7 imprisoned Baha’i educators, and all other prisoners held solely on ac-count of their religion; (3) calls on the President and Secretary of State, in cooperation with responsible na-tions, to immediately condemn the Govern-ment of Iran’s continued violation of human rights and demand the immediate release of prisoners held solely on account of their reli-gion; and (4) urges the President and Secretary of State to utilize available authorities to im-pose sanctions on officials of the Govern-ment of Iran and other individuals directly responsible for serious human rights abuses, including abuses against the Baha’i commu-nity of Iran. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 140—SUP-PORTING THE DESIGNATION OF APRIL 2017 AS ‘‘PARKINSON’S AWARENESS MONTH’’ Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 140 Whereas Parkinson’s disease is a chronic, progressive neurological disease and is the second most common neurodegenerative dis-ease in the United States; Whereas there is inadequate data on the incidence and prevalence of Parkinson’s dis-ease, but the disease affects an estimated 1,000,000 individuals in the United States and its prevalence is expected to more than dou-ble by 2040; Whereas, according to the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention, Parkinson’s disease is the 14th leading cause of death in the United States; Whereas every day Parkinson’s disease greatly impacts millions of individuals in the United States who are caregivers, family members, and friends of individuals with Parkinson’s disease; Whereas, although research suggests that the cause of Parkinson’s disease is a com-bination of genetic and environmental fac-tors, the exact cause of the disease in most individuals is still unknown; Whereas, as of March 2017, there is no ob-jective test or biomarker for diagnosing Par-kinson’s disease; Whereas there is no known cure or drug to slow or halt the progression of Parkinson’s disease, and available treatments are limited in their ability to address the medical needs of patients and remain effective over time; Whereas the symptoms of Parkinson’s dis-ease vary from person to person and may in-clude— (1) tremors; (2) slowness of movement and rigidity; (3) difficulty with balance and gait; (4) disturbances in speech and swallowing; (5) cognitive impairment and dementia; (6) mood disorders; and (7) a variety of other nonmotor symptoms; Whereas volunteers, researchers, care-givers, and medical professionals are work-ing to improve the quality of life for individ-uals living with Parkinson’s disease and their families; and Whereas increased research, education, and community support services are needed— (1) to find more effective treatments; and (2) to provide access to quality care for in-dividuals living with Parkinson’s disease: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates April 2017 as ‘‘Parkinson’s Awareness Month’’; (2) supports the goals and ideals of Parkin-son’s Awareness Month; (3) continues to support research to find better treatments and a cure for Parkinson’s disease; (4) recognizes the individuals living with Parkinson’s disease who participate in vital clinical trials to advance the knowledge of the disease; and (5) commends the dedication of organiza-tions, volunteers, researchers, and millions of individuals across the United States work-ing to improve the quality of life for individ-uals living with Parkinson’s disease and their families. f SENATE RESOLUTION 141—CON-GRATULATING THE UNIVERSITY OF SOUTH CAROLINA WOMEN’S BASKETBALL TEAM FOR WIN-NING THE 2017 NATIONAL COLLE-GIATE ATHLETIC ASSOCIATION DIVISION I WOMEN’S BASKET-BALL TOURNAMENT CHAMPION-SHIP Mr. SCOTT (for himself and Mr. G
RA-
HAM) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 141 Whereas, on April 2, 2017, at American Air-lines Center in Dallas, Texas, the University of South Carolina Gamecocks won the na-tional title game for the National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I Women’s Basketball Tournament over the Mississippi State Bulldogs by a score of 67 to 55; Whereas the University of South Carolina Gamecocks women’s basketball team won the 2017 Southeastern Conference champion-ship; Whereas the University of South Carolina Gamecocks women’s basketball team head coach Dawn Staley, a 3-time Olympian who was elected to carry the United States flag at the opening ceremony of the 2004 Summer Olympics, was elected to the Naismith Me-morial Basketball Hall of Fame in 2013, and is the new head coach of the United States women’s national basketball team, joins Carolyn Peck as the only 2 African-American female head coaches to lead a National Col-legiate Athletic Association Division I bas-ketball team to a national title; Whereas this is the first National Colle-giate Athletic Association Division I Wom-en’s Basketball Tournament Championship for the University of South Carolina Game-cocks women’s basketball team, who fin-ished the season with 33 wins and 4 losses; Whereas A’ja Wilson, who is from Colum-bia, South Carolina, and an alumna of Heathwood Hall Episcopal School, was named Southeastern Conference player of the year and the National Collegiate Ath-letic Association Division I Women’s Basket-ball Tournament Championship most valu-able player; Whereas the University of South Carolina has been a leader on the Southeastern Con-ference Academic Honor Roll for last 10 years; Whereas, each year, University of South Carolina student-athletes support approxi-mately 100 events and organizations for a total of more than 5,000 hours of service; Whereas A’ja Wilson received First Team All-America recognition from the Women’s Basketball Coaches Association, and senior center Alaina Coates earned an All-America honorable mention; Whereas junior Kaela Davis was a College Sports Information Directors of America Academic All-District selection; Whereas University of South Carolina stu-dent-athletes earned a departmental grade point average of 3.245 for the Fall 2016 semes-ter, the 20th-consecutive semester in which Gamecock student-athletes have combined for a grade point average above 3.0; and Whereas the University of South Carolina is ranked number 1 in the United States for attendance at women’s basketball games: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) congratulates the University of South Carolina women’s basketball team for win-ning the 2017 National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I Women’s Basketball Tournament Championship; and (2) recognizes the achievements of— (A) the team’s players, coaches, and staff, whose hard work and dedication helped the University of South Carolina women’s bas-ketball team win that Championship; and (B) the dedicated faculty and staff of the University of South Carolina for building an educational environment that has helped University of South Carolina student-ath-letes to thrive. f SENATE RESOLUTION 142—COM-MEMORATING THE 10TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE TRAGIC EVENTS AT VIRGINIA POLY-TECHNIC INSTITUTE AND STATE UNIVERSITY ON APRIL 16, 2007 Mr. KAINE (for himself and Mr. W
AR-
NER) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 142 Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the 32 victims who lost their lives as a result of the tragic events at Vir-ginia Polytechnic Institute and State Uni-versity (referred to as ‘‘Virginia Tech’’) on April 16, 2007, Ross A. Alameddine, Chris-topher James Bishop, Brian R. Bluhm, Ryan Christopher Clark, Austin Michelle Cloyd, Jocelyne Couture-Nowak, Kevin P. Granata, Matthew Gregory Gwaltney, Caitlin Millar Hammaren, Jeremy Michael Herbstritt, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25AP6.032 S25APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2535 April 25, 2017 
Rachael Elizabeth Hill, Emily Jane Hilscher, Jarrett Lee Lane, Matthew Joseph La Porte, Henry J. Lee, Liviu Librescu, G.V. Loganathan, Partahi Mamora Halomoan Lumbantoruan, Lauren Ashley McCain, Dan-iel Patrick O’Neil, Juan Ramon Ortiz-Ortiz, Minal Hiralal Panchal, Daniel Alejandro Perez Cueva, Erin Nicole Peterson, Michael Steven Pohle, Jr., Julia Kathleen Pryde, Mary Karen Read, Reema Joseph Samaha, Waleed Mohamed Shaalan, Leslie Geraldine Sherman, Maxine Shelly Turner, and Nicole Regina White; (2) recognizes the 17 individuals who sur-vived the shooting and supports the contin-ued recovery of those survivors from phys-ical and psychological wounds; (3) offers condolences to the families and friends of the victims; (4) expresses hope that the memory of each victim will live on; and (5) recognizes— (A) the resilience of the Virginia Tech community in the decade following the trag-edy of April 16, 2007; and (B) that the perseverance of the Virginia Tech community serves as an example to communities that experience similar trage-dies. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 143—SUP-PORTING FAIR AND EQUITABLE GRADING TREATMENT FOR EX-PORTS OF UNITED STATES WHEAT PRODUCTS TO CANADA Mr. TESTER submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Finance: 
S. R ES. 143 Whereas Canada is the second-largest goods trading partner of the United States, with $575,000,000,000 in goods traded between the 2 countries in 2015, as the United States exported $280,000,000,000 in goods to Canada and imported $295,000,000,000 in goods from Canada in that year; Whereas the efficient and equitable flow of agricultural goods across the border is a crit-ical component of the trade relationship be-tween the United States and Canada; Whereas wheat is the third-most widely produced field crop in the United States, and approximately 
1⁄2of the wheat produced in the United States is exported; Whereas Canadian law requires wheat im-ported from the United States to be seg-regated from wheat produced in Canada and automatically designated as feed quality, the lowest possible designation, regardless of the actual quality or the variety of the wheat product; Whereas United States Federal law allows wheat imported from Canada to be graded under the same system as domestically grown wheat; Whereas that unfair devaluation practice puts United States agricultural producers at a distinct disadvantage when attempting to access Canadian wheat markets; Whereas the treatment by Canada of United States wheat products is likely a vio-lation of trade agreements and is to the det-riment of United States agricultural pro-ducers; and Whereas the strong economic ties between the United States and Canada are extremely important and well-served when a level play-ing field exists across all industries: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That it is the sense of the Senate that— (1) wheat grading practices in Canada should— (A) grade wheat produced in Canada in the same manner as wheat produced in the United States; and (B) be fair to agricultural producers in the United States; and (2) the President should— (A) examine whether the wheat grading laws of Canada adhere to trade agreements; and (B) insist on full access for United States exporters of wheat to the Canadian market. f AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I have 5 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to Rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
The Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, April 25, 2017, at 9:30 a.m., in open session, to re-ceive testimony on policy and strategy in the Asia-Pacific. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
The Committee on Finance is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, April 25, 2017, at 10 a.m., in 215 Dirksen Senate Office Building, to consider the nomination of Robert Lighthizer, of Florida, to be United States Trade Representative. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Tuesday, April 25, 2017, at 9:45 a.m., to hold a hearing en-titled ‘‘The Crisis in Libya: Next Steps and U.S. Policy Options.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate, on April 25, 2017, at 10 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Intellectual Prop-erty—Driver of Innovation: Making Our Lives Healthier, Safer, and more Productive.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Senate Select Committee on In-telligence is authorized to meet during the session of the 115th Congress of the U.S. Senate on Tuesday, April 25, 2017, from 2:15 p.m.–4:00 p.m., in room SH–219 of the Senate Hart Office Building to hold a closed hearing. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my intern Nicholas Piwonka be granted privileges of the floor for the remainder of the day. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RESOLUTIONS DISCHARGED Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that applicable committees be discharged from further consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the immediate consider-ation of the following resolutions en bloc: S. Res. 105, S. Res. 122, S. Res. 128, S. Res. 129, S. Res. 130, S. Res. 131, and S. Res. 133. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolutions en bloc. S. RES. 128 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, today I wish to ask my Senate colleagues to join me in designating April 2017 as Na-tional Congenital Diaphragmatic Her-nia Awareness Month. Congenital Dia-phragmatic Hernia, also known as CDH, is a birth defect that occurs when the fetal diaphragm fails to fully de-velop, allowing abdominal organs to move into the chest cavity and pre-venting lung growth. When the lungs do not develop properly during preg-nancy, it can be difficult for the baby to breathe after birth, or the baby is unable to take in enough oxygen to stay healthy. Congenital diaphrag-matic hernia is a birth defect that oc-curs in 1 out of every 2,500 live births worldwide. Only about 50 percent of CDH cases are diagnosed in utero. The Centers for Disease Control and Pre-vention, CDC, estimates that CDH af-fects 1,600 babies in the U.S. each year. Every 10 minutes, a baby is born with CDH, adding up to more than 700,000 babies with CDH since 2000. According to the CDC, babies born with CDH ex-perience a high mortality rate ranging from 20 to 60 percent, depending on the severity of the defect and the treat-ments available at delivery; yet most people have never heard of CDH. Researchers are making great progress to determine the cause of this birth defect and to identify optimal treatment methods. In fiscal year 2017, the National Institutes of Health fund-ed approximately $4 million in CDH re-search, an increase of $700,000 from fis-cal year 2015. There is still much progress to be made, however. The cause of CDH remains unknown, and there currently is no cure. CDH sur-vivors often endure long-term com-plications, such as congenital heart de-fects and developmental delays, and the average CDH survivor will face postnatal care of more than $100,000. Last month, members from the Asso-ciation of Congenital Diaphragmatic Hernia Research, Awareness and Sup-port, also known as CHERUBS, visited my office. Among them were David and Allison Finger and their daughter Vivienne from Hyattsville, MD. Vivienne was born with CDH and had to spend 60 days in the newborn inten-sive care unit after birth and had to have surgery to repair the hernia when she was only 3 weeks old. On March 18, 2017, Vivienne celebrated her second birthday and is doing very well. Babies like Vivienne, born with CDH, today have a better chance of survival due to early detection and research on treat-ment options. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25AP6.031 S25APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2536 April 25, 2017 
For these reasons, I am proud my colleague the junior Senator from Ala-bama, Mr. S
TRANGE , has joined me in submitting a resolution designating April 2017 as National Congenital Dia-phragmatic Hernia Awareness Month. In previous years, I was pleased to work with his predecessor, Senator Sessions, on this resolution. Desig-nating this month in this fashion pro-vides an opportunity to raise public awareness about CDH; promote quality prenatal care and ultrasounds to detect CDH in utero; and support finding for the research necessary to improve screening and treatment of CDH, dis-cover the causes of CDH, and develop a cure for CDH. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolu-tions be agreed to, the preambles, where applicable, be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, all en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 105) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of March 30, 2017, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) The resolutions (S. Res. 122 and S. Res. 128) were agreed to. The preambles were agreed to. (The resolutions, with their pre-ambles, are printed in the R
ECORD of April 7, 2017, under ‘‘Submitted Resolu-tions.’’) The resolution (S. Res. 129) was agreed to. (The resolution is printed in the R
ECORD of April 7, 2017, under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) The resolutions (S. Res. 130, S. Res. 131, and S. Res. 133) were agreed to. The preambles were agreed to. (The resolutions, with their pre-ambles, are printed in the R
ECORD of April 7, 2017, under ‘‘Submitted Resolu-tions.’’) 
f 
SUPPORTING THE DESIGNATION OF APRIL 2017 AS ‘‘PARKINSON’S AWARENESS MONTH’’ Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 140, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 140) supporting the designation of April 2017 as ‘‘Parkinson’s Awareness Month.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 140) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s RECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE UNIVER-SITY OF SOUTH CAROLINA WOM-EN’S BASKETBALL TEAM FOR WINNING THE 2017 NATIONAL COLLEGIATE ATHLETIC ASSOCIA-TION DIVISION I WOMEN’S BAS-KETBALL TOURNAMENT CHAM-PIONSHIP Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 141, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 141) congratulating the University of South Carolina women’s basketball team for winning the 2017 Na-tional Collegiate Athletic Association Divi-sion I Women’s Basketball Tournament Championship. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 141) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 10TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE TRAGIC EVENTS AT VIRGINIA POLY-TECHNIC INSTITUTE AND STATE UNIVERSITY ON APRIL 16, 2007 Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 142, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 142) commemorating the 10th anniversary of the tragic events at Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University on April 16, 2007. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to and the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 142) was agreed to. (The resolution is printed in today’s RECORD under ‘‘Submitted Resolu-tions.’’) 
f 
APPOINTMENT The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair, on behalf of the Democratic leader, in consultation with the vice chairperson of the Committee on In-dian Affairs, pursuant to the provisions of Public Law 114–244, appoints the fol-lowing individual to serve as a member of the Alyce Spotted Bear and Walter Soboleff Commission on Native Chil-dren: Tami DeCoteau of North Dakota. 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, APRIL 26, 2017 Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, April 26; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session to resume consider-ation of the Acosta nomination, with the time until 11:30 a.m. equally di-vided in the usual form; finally, that notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXII, the cloture vote on the Acosta nomination occur at 11:30 a.m. tomor-row. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 5:44 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, April 26, 2017, at 9:30 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
KARI A. BINGEN, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A PRINCIPAL DEP-UTY UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE, VICE MARCEL J. LETTRE II, RESIGNED. ROBERT DAIGLE, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE DIRECTOR OF COST ASSESSMENT AND PROGRAM EVALUATION, DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE, VICE JAMIE MICHAEL MORIN. ROBERT STORY KAREM, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE, VICE DEREK H. CHOLLET, RESIGNED. KENNETH P. RAPUANO, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE, VICE ERIC ROSENBACH, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
SCOTT P. BROWN, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE, TO BE AMBAS-SADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO NEW ZEALAND, AND TO SERVE CONCURRENTLY AND WITHOUT ADDI-TIONAL COMPENSATION AS AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE INDEPENDENT STATE OF SAMOA. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A25AP6.037 S25APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2537 April 25, 2017 
JOHN J. SULLIVAN, OF MARYLAND, TO BE DEPUTY SEC-RETARY OF STATE, VICE ANTONY BLINKEN, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
STEPHEN ELLIOTT BOYD, OF ALABAMA, TO BE AN AS-SISTANT ATTORNEY GENERAL, VICE PETER JOSEPH KADZIK. 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY  
LEE FRANCIS CISSNA, OF MARYLAND, TO BE DIRECTOR OF UNITED STATES CITIZENSHIP AND IMMIGRATION SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY, VICE LEON RODRIGUEZ. 
FOREIGN SERVICE  
THE FOLLOWING–NAMED MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE TO BE A CON-SULAR OFFICER AND A SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: JOEL JUSTIN AGALSOFF, OF VIRGINIA MICHAEL ANDRUCHOW, OF VIRGINIA JONATHAN MANUEL ARAYA, OF VIRGINIA MEAGHAN CHRISTINE ARCHER, OF VIRGINIA DANIEL JACOB BABINSKI, OF VIRGINIA AMIN SHEILONI BAILEY, OF VIRGINIA ELIZABETH REUSS BAIOCCHI, OF FLORIDA MERAH IRIS BAIRD, OF VIRGINIA AMY EILEEN BARNES, OF VIRGINIA BRIAN ANTHONY BARONE, OF NEW YORK REBECCA CHRISTINE BEARDSLEY, OF VIRGINIA DANIELLE M. BERRA, OF VIRGINIA CHRISTINA HERTA BERTRAND, OF VIRGINIA DEVIN DRAKE BICKMORE, OF VIRGINIA JEFFREY ROBERT BITTER, OF VIRGINIA ALEXANDER JAMES BLACK, OF GEORGIA JOHN YOUNG BONDS IV, OF TEXAS BRANDON WAYNE BOYATT, OF VIRGINIA ERIC THOMAS BRASSIL, OF VIRGINIA TONI RAQUEL BRINK, OF VIRGINIA CHARLENE SUZANNE BROWN, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA MARSHA L. BROWN, OF VIRGINIA GREGORY S. BROWN, OF VIRGINIA TARA LYNN DI TROLIO CAMPBELL, OF VIRGINIA MARIJA CANIC, OF VIRGINIA DAVID W. CARR, OF VIRGINIA ANA ALICIA CARRIEDO, OF VIRGINIA I JUN CHEN, OF VIRGINIA MATTHEW CLAYTON CHILDS, OF VIRGINIA KWANG U. K. CHUNG, OF NEVADA GABRIELLE CHWAZIK–GEE, OF NEW YORK CASEY RICHARD CLARK, OF VIRGINIA SEAN P. COGHLAN, OF VIRGINIA GREGORY ROBERT COLLINS, OF VIRGINIA RYAN WEISS COOPER, OF VIRGINIA JORDAN PAIGE COUGHENOUR, OF VIRGINIA MICHAEL ANDREW CRAMER, OF CALIFORNIA TRAMPES CHRISTOPHER CROW, OF VIRGINIA COREY J. CROWLEY, OF VIRGINIA JENNY LYNN CURATOLA, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA BENJAMIN JOHN CUSHING, OF VIRGINIA THOMAS A. DALTON, OF VIRGINIA BRYAN RUSSEL DELEUW, OF VIRGINIA MARCO J. DELGADO RODRIGUEZ, OF VIRGINIA KEITH J. DOMINICK, OF VIRGINIA ANGUS JAMES DOWTON, OF CONNECTICUT THERESA MARGUERITE VERMEULEN DRAKE, OF VIR-GINIA MICHELLE LYNNE DURANT, OF VIRGINIA CHRISTINE MARIA DWULET, OF VIRGINIA CHRISTOPHER JAMES EDGECOMB, OF GEORGIA APRIL MAE ELDREDGE, OF VIRGINIA LESLIE MARIE ELDRIDGE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA ROBERT C. ELLIOTT, OF VIRGINIA ANNA EROKHINA, OF VIRGINIA ALISON K. ESQUIVEL, OF VIRGINIA ELIZABETH MARIE ESTELA, OF VIRGINIA PENNY FIELDS, OF WASHINGTON JEFFREY FINE, OF VIRGINIA THOMAS HAROLD FINKEN, JR., OF NEW YORK CARL F. FIORELLO, OF VIRGINIA JOEL BRENDON FITCH, OF FLORIDA ANNE COVINGTON FOSS, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA TIMOTHY J. FRANCIS, OF VIRGINIA MARCUS SMOLIC FREDERICK–ROSE, OF VIRGINIA AMBER MARIE GARLOCK, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA CHELSEA NICOLE GEIER, OF WISCONSIN CHRISTINE E. GERSON, OF VIRGINIA KATHRYN K. GHENT, OF VIRGINIA SAMUEL PATRICK GLEASON, OF TEXAS ADAM GOODBERG, OF VIRGINIA GREGORY FOSTER GOVORUHK, OF VIRGINIA ROSARIO GRANADOS–RUIZ, OF VIRGINIA JAMES GARRISON GREENLEAF, OF OKLAHOMA LAURA MARIE GUNDERSON, OF VIRGINIA ANA HACIC–VLAHOVIC, OF VIRGINIA KEITH ERIK HAGER, OF NEW YORK AARON RAY HALL, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JASON BRADFORD HARMS, OF COLORADO RAFI HAROUTUNIAN, OF VIRGINIA ELIZABETH A. HARPER, OF VIRGINIA BETHANY ANNE HAWORTH, OF VIRGINIA KYLE JOSEPH HENNING, OF OREGON KATHRYN D. HINKLE, OF VIRGINIA MICHAEL ALLEN HINKLE, OF VIRGINIA HIEP ANH HOANG, OF VIRGINIA SHARON M. HOCH, OF VIRGINIA ZACHARY JOHN HODYNA, OF MICHIGAN MATTHEW ALAN HOFFER, OF VIRGINIA ANGIE M. HUNT, OF VIRGINIA JILLIAN LARSEN ITHARAT, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA LLOYD JACKSON, OF VIRGINIA CARL TAYLOR JENKINS, OF VIRGINIA GREGORY ALAN JOHNSON, OF VIRGINIA CATHLEEN MAURA JONES, OF VIRGINIA ROBERT HERBERT JOSWIAK, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA ERIKA H. KARASIEWICZ, OF VIRGINIA CAITLIN MAUREEN KEEGAN, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA PATRICIA ELIZABETH KEHOE, OF VIRGINIA MEGAN ELLSBETH KENNY, OF WASHINGTON BAILEY KIMSSY, OF VIRGINIA MARC J. KLINE, OF VIRGINIA PATRICK JAMES KNAPP, OF NEW YORK PATRICIA LOUISE KNISELEY, OF VIRGINIA JOANNE ELLEN KRAMB, OF VIRGINIA SCOTT MICHAEL KRUSHINSKI, OF VIRGINIA DEREK JAMES KVERNO, OF CALIFORNIA CAYLEY ELYSE LAMB, OF VIRGINIA PATTY BADA LANE, OF VIRGINIA ERIC JOHN LARSON, OF VIRGINIA MARY H. LAWAL, OF VIRGINIA JESSE ZELUCK LEEDS, OF VIRGINIA VICTORIA ELIZABETH LEWIS–YOUNG, OF NEW JERSEY PAIJ BRIGITTE LINTZ, OF VIRGINIA ALEKSANDRA MARIA LIPSCOMB, OF VIRGINIA ADAM RYAN LONGENECKER, OF VIRGINIA GRAHAM TRUITT MACDONALD, OF FLORIDA ANUM SHAUKAT MALIK, OF VIRGINIA SHEHERBANO MALIK, OF VIRGINIA BRIAN BEARCE MALLOY, OF ILLINOIS SARA ELSBETH MANN, OF VIRGINIA LAUREN CHRISTINE MANNERS, OF VIRGINIA COLLIN MICHAEL MANNING, OF VIRGINIA KATHERINE ANNE MARKEY, OF VIRGINIA LESLIE EDNA MARKS, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA COREY D. MARTIN, OF VIRGINIA FIONA ROSE MASLAND, OF MASSACHUSETTS BRIAN J. MASSEY, OF VIRGINIA LAQUANA LEIGH MCCALL, OF VIRGINIA MATTHEW RYAN MCCARTY, OF FLORIDA ANDRE SHAUN MCGLASHAN, OF VIRGINIA JOHN DEAN MCGREGOR III, OF MICHIGAN DOMINIC PAUL MCINTYRE, OF VIRGINIA KRISTIN AUSTRA MEANS, OF HAWAII WILLIAM D. MENZIE, OF VIRGINIA RICHARD A. MERCURIO, OF VIRGINIA LYLE VINCENT MIKOWICZ, OF NORTH CAROLINA RONALD P. MILLER, OF VIRGINIA ANUPAM MOHANTY, OF VIRGINIA SCOTT ANDREW MOORE, OF MASSACHUSETTS EMMA ECKERT MOROS, OF VERMONT NORMA IRIS MOZEE, OF COLORADO CLAIRE S. NEELY, OF VIRGINIA JOSHUA MICHAEL NELSON, OF FLORIDA MELLISA LEA NELSON, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA DANE CLIFFORD RICHARD NIELSEN, OF VIRGINIA CHRISTOPHER PANKIEWICZ NOHR, OF VIRGINIA GREGORY JOSEPH NORTON, OF VIRGINIA ANNE LOVE NUECHTERLEIN, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA KATHERINE A. O’LEARY, OF VIRGINIA JOHN ROBERT OLSON, OF VIRGINIA JONATHAN JARRETT ORR, OF VIRGINIA SHANNON D. OTTMERS, OF VIRGINIA KRYSTAL AMANDA OVERMYER, OF NEBRASKA MONALISA PAK–ARCHER, OF VIRGINIA RUBY REYNA CHAN PARKER, OF MASSACHUSETTS SHANNON A. PARONG, OF VIRGINIA KELLY LYNN PEDRONI, OF VIRGINIA ELIZABETH A. PENDZICK, OF VIRGINIA STEPHEN V. PERRY, OF VIRGINIA ALEXANDER ROBERT PICKETT, OF VIRGINIA ALLISON J. PILGER, OF VIRGINIA ANDREW FORREST POE, OF VIRGINIA ROBERT PHILIP POVTAK, OF VIRGINIA MARION EILEEN PREDA, OF VIRGINIA JAMES TATE PRESTON, OF VIRGINIA MICHAEL FRANCIS QUINE, OF VIRGINIA ROBERT LEE REEVES, OF UTAH CHRISTINE NOELLE REYES, OF VIRGINIA CHRISTINA W. ROHRS, OF VIRGINIA JAMES B. RYAN, OF VIRGINIA ANNE ELIZABETH SACKVILLE–WEST, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JASON E. SASALA, OF VIRGINIA MOMOKO SATO, OF VIRGINIA SCOTT D. SCHAIPER, OF VIRGINIA GREGORY THOMAS SCHROEDER, OF VIRGINIA NICHOLAS JOHN SCHUCK, OF OHIO AMANDA CHRISTINE SHIFFLETT, OF VIRGINIA EDWARD DONGCHUL SHIN, OF VIRGINIA LINDA LEE SHIN, OF VIRGINIA BENJAMIN WICKE SHOAF, OF VIRGINIA KARINA BRITKOVA SILVER, OF VIRGINIA CASEY RAYE SIMMONS, OF VIRGINIA JESSICA SUSAN SKREBES, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA NATHAN ROGER PRIBBLE SLATTENGREN, OF IDAHO CLAUDE VANDIVER SMITH, OF VIRGINIA CHRISTOPHER BEARD COPEN SORENSEN, OF VIRGINIA NATHAN ANDREW ST. JOHN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA JOHN ROBERT STARK, OF FLORIDA ROBERT WILLIAM STUCKEY, JR., OF VIRGINIA KATHLEEN M. SUDDARTH, OF VIRGINIA SADIE LEE THIMSEN, OF VIRGINIA ERIN ROGAN THURBER, OF DELAWARE MARTIN ALEXANDER THURN, OF FLORIDA JULIE GAIL TRAWEEK, OF TEXAS JENNIFER MARIE TURNER, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA MARIE TONYA VLAHOS, OF VIRGINIA BENJAMIN DAVIS WHITNEY, OF VIRGINIA LAUREN VICTORIA WILLY, OF COLORADO COURTNEY ANN WYCHE, OF VIRGINIA HYOJUNG YANG, OF VIRGINIA IVA ZIZA, OF MARYLAND THE FOLLOWING–NAMED MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTER-NATIONAL DEVELOPMENT FOR APPOINTMENT AS A FOR-EIGN SERVICE OFFICER, A CONSULAR OFFICER, AND A SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: EDWARD FRANCIS ACEVEDO, OF FLORIDA BRIAN THOMAS ANDERSON, OF TEXAS JONATHAN A. ARMAH, OF WISCONSIN JONATHAN ERIC BANCO, OF CONNECTICUT RAZIA ZARINA BAQAI, OF CALIFORNIA RAYMA BARAN, OF TEXAS SARAH ATWOOD BARMA, OF NEBRASKA MICHAEL THOMAS BEHAN, OF CALIFORNIA LILLIAN D BENJAMIN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA KENT ANTHONY MACKINNON BENSON, OF FLORIDA STEPHEN F. BERLINGUETTE, OF FLORIDA NATHANIEL BILLS, OF VERMONT BRINTON EDWARD BOHLING, OF VIRGINIA KIMBERLY ANN BOSTWICK, OF MARYLAND CIBELES GARCIA BURT, OF TEXAS HAROLD GEORGE CAREY, JR., OF CALIFORNIA DAVID B. CHALMERS, OF WASHINGTON CORY COLEMAN, OF ALABAMA JENNIFER CONNOLLY, OF PENNSYLVANIA TIMOTHY GUSTAVO CURTIN, OF MISSOURI JOSEPH B. DEVER, OF MICHIGAN CHARLEE NICOLE DOOM, OF NEW YORK NICOLE ENERSEN, OF MINNESOTA JESSICA R. FABER, OF WASHINGTON JACINTO F. FABIOSA, OF IOWA TODD EVAN FLOWER, OF MISSOURI JUAN J. GAMBOA, OF TEXAS ROY JOSEPH GEISER, OF VIRGINIA THOMAS GIBB, OF COLORADO JAMES M. GILMAN, OF MASSACHUSETTS JUSTIN ROSS GUNNOE, OF OHIO CAITLIN GAYLE HALL, OF FLORIDA FRANCIS XAVIER HIGDON, OF FLORIDA CAROLINE B. HILLAS, OF VIRGINIA SHAWNA GILLESPIE HIRSCH, OF WASHINGTON CHRISTOPHER ANDREW HOBBS, OF MASSACHUSETTS COLIN MARK HOLMES, OF CALIFORNIA MARK K. HYLAND, OF CALIFORNIA MARKHAM ANTHONY ISOM, OF FLORIDA JOHN JIRASEK, OF MINNESOTA NERY Y. JUBERT RIVERA, OF MARYLAND CHRISTINE KATIN, OF FLORIDA ANNA IRIS KATZ, OF PENNSYLVANIA CHELSEA JACCARD KAUFMAN, OF VIRGINIA JAMES PATRICK KELLEHER, OF VIRGINIA JULIA C. KENNEDY, OF TEXAS AMBER LILY KENNY, OF MISSOURI ASHLEY M. KING, OF WASHINGTON DENNIS KNECHT, OF OHIO LUKE RICHARD LEDENBACH, OF ILLINOIS STEPHEN FONTAINE LITTLE, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA JESSICA–LOUISE BASS LOPEZ, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA PATRICE A.D. LOPEZ, OF MARYLAND KENNETH W. MACLEAN, OF FLORIDA KATELIN B. MAHER, OF FLORIDA TERHI H. MAJANEN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA COURTNEY MCGILL MALONEY, OF MICHIGAN ASHLEY B. MARCUS, OF VIRGINIA ANDREW MALONE MCCOWN, OF TEXAS ALEXIS MCGINNESS, OF CALIFORNIA DHULCE–JANICE MCGUIRE, OF VIRGINIA ISABELLE CHRISTINA MULIN, OF TEXAS SARAH MUWANGA–MASAGAZI, OF NORTH CAROLINA ANDREW JAMES NELSON, OF VIRGINIA JANE ASHLEY NETHERTON, OF KENTUCKY DANI L. NEWCOMB, OF FLORIDA MARK ANDREW NEWTON, OF VIRGINIA OGHALE A.D. ODDO, OF KENTUCKY THERESA FINN OUTLAW, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA OLEKSANDRA MYKOLAYIVNA PRICE, OF NEW YORK GUADALUPE ELIZABETH RAMIREZ, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA MATTHEW DAVID RUSSELL, OF WISCONSIN DANIEL PATRICK RYAN, OF CALIFORNIA MELISSA A. SCHERER, OF VIRGINIA KRISTI SCHOBER, OF TEXAS AGATHE SECTOR, OF FLORIDA JOSEPH A. SIDARI, OF ILLINOIS AMY M. SOUTHWORTH, OF PENNSYLVANIA JOANN CARLA SPARACINO, OF WASHINGTON DYLAN J. STEARNS, OF FLORIDA SHANNON LYNN STONE, OF WISCONSIN DAVID J. STRINE, OF CONNECTICUT PAMELA LESLIE STRONG, OF OREGON ALENA JUNKO TANSEY, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JASON P TAYLOR, OF IDAHO MARIA JULIA TELEVANTOS, OF PENNSYLVANIA JOHN NICHOLAS THUROW, OF WYOMING SERGIU ZGRIPCEA TROIE, OF MASSACHUSETTS LAURA MONICA VILLANUEVA, OF VIRGINIA CONSTANCE WARHOL, OF MINNESOTA STACEY T. WARREN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA THIBAUT WILLIAMS, OF VIRGINIA ERIN N. WROBLEWSKI, OF INDIANA GRACE YANG, OF VIRGINIA SHANNON R. YOUNG, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA KATHERINE YOUNKER, OF CALIFORNIA BENJAMIN D. ZINNER, OF MINNESOTA THE FOLLOWING–NAMED CAREER MEMBERS OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT FOR PRO-MOTION WITHIN THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF MINISTER– COUNSELOR: JIM NELSON BARNHART, JR., OF GEORGIA ANDREW M. HERSCOWITZ, OF CALIFORNIA TERESA L. MCGHIE, OF NEVADA 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A25AP6.005 S25APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2538 April 25, 2017 
THE FOLLOWING–NAMED CAREER MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE FOR PROMOTION INTO THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, AS A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SEN-IOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF COUNSELOR: HAVEN G. CRUZ–HUBBARD, OF MARYLAND TIMOTHY J. DONNAY, OF VERMONT JOSEPH L. DORSEY, OF VIRGINIA PETER WILLIAM DUFFY, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE JOHN L. DUNLOP, OF VIRGINIA MICHAEL JAMES EDDY, OF MISSOURI GABRIEL F. GRAU, OF FLORIDA ALER GRUBBS, OF INDIANA ANDREW DAVID HOLLAND, OF CALIFORNIA KAREN R. HUNTER, OF FLORIDA JENNIFER MARIE LINK, OF ILLINOIS SANDRA K. MINKEL, OF NEVADA DIANE B. MOORE, OF NEW YORK THOMAS R. MORRIS, OF VIRGINIA MARGARET ELIZABETH ENIS SPEARS, OF MARYLAND TANYA S. URQUIETA, OF SOUTH DAKOTA ANNE N. WILLIAMS, OF MARYLAND THE FOLLOWING–NAMED CAREER MEMBERS OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES DE-PARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE FOR PROMOTION WITHIN THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR: JEANNE F. BAILEY, OF ILLINOIS CLAY M. HAMILTON, OF TEXAS BOBBY GENE RICHEY, JR., OF TEXAS ERIC A. WENBERG, OF WYOMING THE FOLLOWING–NAMED CAREER MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE FOR PROMOTION INTO THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, AS A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SEN-IOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF COUNSELOR: ALI ABDI, OF VIRGINIA MICHAEL LEO CONLON, OF VIRGINIA PAUL ALLEN SPENCER–MACGREGOR, OF VIRGINIA W. GARTH THORBURN II, OF FLORIDA ROBERT HENRY HANSON, OF WISCONSIN THE FOLLOWING–NAMED MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF AG-RICULTURE FOR APPOINTMENT AS A FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER, A CONSULAR OFFICER, AND A SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: DAVID A. ASHFORD, OF NEW YORK JEFFERY S. AUSTIN, OF SOUTH CAROLINA GEORGE A. BALL III, OF FLORIDA THERESA L. BOYLE, OF COLORADO LEONIDES L. CARDENAS, OF FLORIDA DARYA CHEHREZAD, OF CALIFORNIA CYNTHIA K. DUERR, OF FLORIDA RUSSELL A. DUNCAN, OF MARYLAND CONRAD ESTRADA, OF NEW YORK KELAN R. EVANS, OF MISSOURI JOHN F. GILMORE, OF FLORIDA JOHN J. HURLEY, OF MARYLAND JEROMY J. MCKIM, OF WYOMING DAVID G. MIDGARDEN, OF FLORIDA ROBERTO E. PANTALEON, OF FLORIDA MARK C. PRESCOTT, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE SCOTT D. SAXE, OF PENNSYLVANIA ROBERT T. TANAKA, OF OHIO FRED WANG, OF MARYLAND SHARON WILLIAMS, OF KANSAS JEFFREY G. WILLNOW, OF OREGON THE FOLLOWING–NAMED CAREER MEMBERS OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES DE-PARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE FOR PROMOTION WITHIN THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF CAREER MINISTER: DAVID CHARLES MILLER, OF WASHINGTON SCOTT S. SINDELAR, OF MINNESOTA THE FOLLOWING–NAMED MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF COM-MERCE FOR APPOINTMENT AS A FOREIGN SERVICE OFFI-CER, A CONSULAR OFFICER, AND A SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMER-ICA: FRED AZIZ, OF FLORIDA DAWN BRUNO, OF FLORIDA JULIE ANN CARDUCCI, OF FLORIDA JAMES PRESTON CURTIS, OF GEORGIA MINDI B. HERTZOG, OF FLORIDA NEIL PAUL PICKETT, OF FLORIDA MATTHEW QUIGLEY, OF MICHIGAN NATHALIE SCHARF, OF FLORIDA THE FOLLOWING–NAMED CAREER MEMBERS OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES DE-PARTMENT OF COMMERCE FOR PROMOTION WITHIN THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR: DAVID GOSSACK, OF CALIFORNIA SARAH KEMP, OF NEW YORK KEITH KIRKHAM, OF MAINE THE FOLLOWING–NAMED CAREER MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE FOR PROMOTION INTO THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, AS A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SEN-IOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF COUNSELOR: STEPHEN ALLEY, OF TENNESSEE ISABELLA CASCARANO, OF VIRGINIA WILLIAM CZAJKOWSKI, OF CALIFORNIA BRIAN MCCLEARY, OF VIRGINIA MARY AILEEN NANDI, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE ALYCE CAMILLE RICHARDSON, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA SCOTT SHAW, OF ILLINOIS DOUGLAS WALLACE, OF CALIFORNIA PAMELA WARD, OF CALIFORNIA 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate April 25, 2017: 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
ROD J. ROSENSTEIN, OF MARYLAND, TO BE DEPUTY AT-TORNEY GENERAL. 
f 
WITHDRAWAL Executive Message transmitted by the President to the Senate on April 25, 2017 withdrawing from further Senate consideration the following nomina-tion: 
TODD M. RICKETTS, OF ILLINOIS, TO BE DEPUTY SEC-RETARY OF COMMERCE, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SEN-ATE ON JANUARY 20, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A25AP6.007 S25APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE523 April 25, 2017 
RECOGNIZING THE STATE CHAM-PIONSHIP MORAVIA HIGH SCHOOL BOYS BASKETBALL TEAM 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the victory of the Moravia High School Boys’ Basketball Team in the New York State Public High School Association Class C Championship on March 18, 2017. The Moravia Blue Devils defeated the Lake George Warriors by a score of 54–39 to se-cure the Blue Devils’ first state title in program history. The Blue Devils, who finished the season 22–5, were determined to win the program’s first state title. Junior Kaleb Stayton led the team with 17 points followed by senior Jordan Crossgrove with 12 points. Members of the state championship team include Stayton, Crossgrove, Zack Becker, LinWei Chen, Parker Dickenson, Jack Fedrizzi, Carter Flick, Gavin Genson, Kaden Hooper, Austin Kulas, Dustin Mondics, Gabe Short, Scottie Sovocool, and Zack Stanton. The team is coached by Todd Mulvaney. I am honored to recognize the teamwork displayed by the Moravia Blue Devils and to congratulate the members of the team, their families, the coaching staff, and teachers at Moravia High School. This is a historic win for Central New York and I am confident that the positive experiences from the 2017 season will yield continued success in both athletics and academics. 
f 
HONORING DAVID CAPP 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with pro-found respect and admiration that I take this time to honor David Capp and to wish him well upon his retirement from his position as United States Attorney. For his relentless dedi-cation to the people of Northwest Indiana and beyond, he is worthy of the highest praise. In honor of Dave’s remarkable career, a celebratory event will be held on Wednesday, April 26, 2017, at the Hammond Federal Courthouse. David Capp graduated from Lew Wallace High School in Gary, Indiana, in 1968. He went on to graduate with a Bachelor of the Arts degree from the University of Wis-consin—Madison in 1972 and earned his Juris Doctor degree from the Valparaiso University School of Law in 1977. After completing his studies, Dave practiced law in the private sector for eight years before joining the United States Attorney’s Office in 1985. From 1991 to 2007, he served as first assistant and was responsible for the daily op-erations of the office. During his career, Mr. Capp served as interim United States Attorney on multiple occasions under administrations of both political parties. This unique history is a testament to the esteem held for Mr. Capp’s impeccable ethics and extraordinary talent. He also became the terrorism coordinator after the tragic events of September 11, 2001. On December 23, 2009, David Capp was nomi-nated for United States Attorney for the North-ern District of Indiana and was confirmed by the Senate on April 22, 2010. Throughout his noteworthy career, Mr. Capp has been unwavering in his professional du-ties and in his pursuit of justice. Through his work, he has ensured the safety of those he has served, whether from violence, ethical lapses, the despoilment of our environment, or predatory economic activity. David’s pains-taking commitment to justice has been wit-nessed time and again. He has left our world a better place to live and given the people of our nation a future that is brighter because he walked among us. Attorney Capp and I both grew up in the Glen Park neighborhood of Gary, Indiana. Al-though we did not know each other growing up, I have been blessed by David’s friendship for nearly four decades. And not possessing his legal acumen, I am proud to note that he is the unquestioned national expert on fraud committed in uncontested elections. In summary, I most respect David Capp’s commitment to working hard and doing his best. I appreciate his judicious temperament, his dogged belief in doing the right thing—al-ways—and his unshakable devotion to public service. Mr. Speaker, David Capp is the best. His leadership has introduced permanent positive changes throughout Northern Indiana and our state. His vision has provided all of us with a guide to an improved and gentler future. His is a life we should all seek to emulate. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in paying trib-ute to an outstanding public servant and to wish him well upon his retirement. David Capp’s impact on the region will be witnessed by generations to come, and for his many con-tributions, he is deserving of our gratitude. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MADELAINE WALKER KIRLIN 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to con-gratulate my Chief of Staff, Michael Kirlin, and his wife Emily, who serves as Director of Member Services for the Senate Majority Whip, JOHN CORNYN of Texas, upon the birth of their beautiful daughter. Madelaine Walker Kirlin arrived into the world at 5:50 pm on Monday April 24, 2017 at Sibley Memorial Hospital in Washington, D.C. Madelaine weighed nine pounds and measured twenty- one inches long. Madelaine is their second child, and her big brother Brock is just as ex-cited as his parents. I would also like to congratulate Madelaine’s grandparents, Michael Kirlin of Bethany Beach, Delaware, and Brock and Cameron Hill of Crossville, Tennessee. Congratulations to the entire Kirlin and Hill families as they wel-come their newest addition of pure pride and joy. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE RETIREMENT OF MS. TRACY CIAMPAGLIO AFTER 29 YEARS OF TEACHING 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and celebrate the retirement of Ms. Tracy Ciampaglio after 29 years of teaching. Tracy began teaching preschool in 1988 while in graduate school. From 1990 to 1994, Tracy taught first grade and preschool, mar-ried her husband Timothy and cared for their first child. From 1994 to 1997, Tracy ran a Parents Anonymous group that sought to teach good parenting skills to the community. During this timeframe, Tracy and Timothy wel-comed their second child. From 1997 to 2006, Tracy taught preschool through first grade in four different states while Timothy was de-ployed with the U.S. Coast Guard. This year, Tracy will be retiring after 11 years as a sixth and seventh grade teacher at Holy Cross Academy. During Tracy’s 29 years, she has taught 1,650 students. Tracy’s passion for educating can be seen in the lives she has impacted. Through Tracy’s classes, many students who had difficulties reading not only received help and care, but also developed a passion for reading. Tracy consistently has former students visit to thank her for how she impacted their education and lives. As the spouse of an educator and as some-one who has known the Ciampaglio family for many years, I know firsthand the commitment and sacrifice that Tracy has made through her life’s work of educating our Nation’s youth. I admire and applaud Tracy for her lifelong commitment to her calling and for her service to this great nation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25AP8.007 E25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE524 April 25, 2017 
RECOGNIZING THE STATE CHAM-PIONSHIP ONONDAGA THUNDER BOYS ICE HOCKEY TEAM 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the victory of the Onondaga Thun-der Boys’ Ice Hockey Team in the U14 Tier 3 New York State Championship on March 5, 2017. The Onondaga Thunder defeated White Plains by a score of 5–1 in the title game. With this win, the Onondaga Thunder took home the state title for the second time in three years. Members of the state championship team include Jordan Joslyn, Brackton Bowler, Tan-ner Burns, Kaleb Benedict, Brett Collier, Zach Delaney, Ben Hammond, Josh Kuchinski, Tyler Murray, Brad O’Neil, Derek Shumaker, Luke Pinkney, and Dominick Tutino. The team is coached by Greg Burns and assistants Greg Murray and Tom Joslyn. I am honored to recognize the teamwork displayed by the Onondaga Thunder and to congratulate the members of the team, their families, and the coaching staff. This is a his-toric win for Central New York and I am con-fident that the positive experiences from the 2017 season will yield continued success in both athletics and academics. 
f 
HONORING MRS. SHARON GIESE 
HON. DAVID SCHWEIKERT 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life of a great friend to Arizona, Mrs. Sharon Giese, who passed away on April 19, 2017. Sharon distinguished herself in our community as a thoughtful lead-er and respected advocate. Sharon Giese served with distinction as Ari-zona’s Republican National Committeewoman from 2002 until her retirement in 2016. She was President of the Arizona Federation of Republican Women (AZFRW) from 1992 to 1993; she was a supporter of and parliamen-tarian for the AFRW and National Federal of Republican Women for many decades; she served several years as the official profes-sional parliamentarian for the Chairman of The Republican National Committee as well as the Arizona Republican Party Chair at various meetings and conventions for over a decade; she was a delegate to Republican National Conventions in 2008, 2012 and 2016, held multiple positions in the Arizona Republican Party, supported Republican Teens, was an elected precinct committeewoman, member for many years on AZGOP central committee and a Presidential Elector in 2016. I am proud to honor the life and legacy of Mrs. Sharon Giese for her tireless and de-voted service to our country. I extend my con-dolences to all of her friends, family, and loved ones. IN RECOGNITION OF JOHN RUS-SELL OF CMS AND CONSUMERS ENERGY FOR THE DEDICATION OF THE JOHN G. RUSSELL LEAD-ERSHIP CENTER HON. BILL HUIZENGA 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize John Russell, Chairman of the Board of Directors for CMS and Consumers Energy, for the dedication of the John G. Rus-sell Leadership Center in Grand Rapids, Michigan. Customer-focused and data-driven, John has inspired countless employees to ac-complish extraordinary things, and with the opening of this center, his legacy will continue to train and motivate leaders for generations to come. During his 35-year career in the energy in-dustry, John valued leadership and was deep-ly committed to developing strong, capable leaders throughout the company. He chal-lenged the organization to consistently deliver breakthrough results and leave Michigan bet-ter than he found it. A longtime Grand Rapids resident, John was President and Chief Executive Officer of CMS and Consumers Energy from May 2010 to July 2016. He was named Chairman of the Boards of CMS and Consumers Energy in May 2016. John also served on the boards of Grand Valley State University, Business Leaders for Michigan, Michigan Chamber of Commerce, Hubbell Inc. and The Right Place Inc. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring John Russell for his outstanding leadership and commitment to the state of Michigan. 
f 
HONORING MR. PHIL ‘‘HAMBONE’’ HAMILTON 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor and privilege to stand before you and my fellow colleagues today to recognize Mr. Phil ‘‘Hambone’’ Hamilton, as he celebrates the 50th Anniversary of his baseball and soft-ball umpiring career. For his lifetime of devo-tion to the youth in the community of North-west Indiana and beyond, through the sports of baseball and softball, Phil Hamilton is to be commended. Phil’s love for umpiring began when he be-came a baseball team manager while attend-ing Lew Wallace High School in Gary, Indiana. He was given the opportunity to umpire at a practice game, and from that day forward, Phil discovered his passion and skill for officiating. After high school, while working at U.S. Steel, Phil began umpiring for the Gary Little League, Gary Babe Ruth League, the National Softball Association, the Amateur Softball As-sociation, and high school games throughout Northwest Indiana. Upon retiring from U.S. Steel, after thirty-six years of service, he began officiating full-time. As an umpire, he has called many games featuring future major league baseball players LaTroy Hawkins, Kenny Lofton, Lloyd McClendon and Ron Kittle, to name a few. Players and coaches alike have observed Phil’s enjoyment, pride, and passion for offici-ating. Consequently, he is highly respected for his dedication, knowledge, and the fairness he brings to the game. In addition to umpiring, Phil volunteered at the College Football Hall of Fame at its pre-vious location in South Bend, Indiana, where he enjoyed greeting visitors and assisting with assembling exhibits and displays. An avid sports enthusiast, Phil is a devoted fan of the Chicago Cubs, Bears, and Blackhawks and spends the offseason rooting for and attending Notre Dame football games. I must also add that I have known this won-derful gentleman since we started first grade together at Saint Mark’s Grade School in Gary, Indiana. I have been blessed by his friendship my entire life and consider him a most generous soul who has served the youth of our state his entire life. His is a life we should all seek to emulate. Mr. Speaker, I ask you and all of our fellow colleagues to join me in commending Phil ‘‘Hambone’’ Hamilton for his 50 dedicated years of serving the youth of his community. I applaud his distinguished officiating career and passion for the game, and I am pleased to honor him today. f 
RECOGNIZING THE STATE CHAM-PIONSHIP SKANEATELES GIRLS VARSITY ICE HOCKEY TEAM 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the victory of the Skaneateles Girls Varsity Ice Hockey Team in the 2017 New York State Public High School Athletic Asso-ciation Championship on February 11, 2017. The Skaneateles Lakers defeated Orchard Park by a score of 5–1 for their second state title. The Lakers, who never trailed a game and had nine shutouts, finished out a perfect sea-son with a 19–0 record. They scored 109 goals this past season, while only getting scored on 13 times. Members of the undefeated state championship team include Sophie Kush, Alison Weiss, Maria McLean, Johna Halko, Lauren Jones, Kat Lindgren, Katie Halko, Emily Cox, Grace Schnorr, Abby Kuhns, Cecily Kawejsza, Katrina Harter, Anne Rubel, Megan Teachout, Heather Tanzella, Jessica Smith, Sophia Burns, Ioanna Christou, Grace Kush, Campbell Torrey, and Caroline Corbett. The team is coached by Andy Rozak. Not only did the Lakers play hard this sea-son, but they studied hard as well. The Lakers were also a New York State Scholar Athlete team due to their academic accomplishments. I am honored to recognize the teamwork displayed by the Skaneateles Lakers and to congratulate the members of the team, their families, the coaching staff, and teachers at Skaneateles High School. This is a historic win for Central New York and I am confident that the positive experiences from the 2017 season will yield continued success in both athletics and academics. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25AP8.008 E25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE525 April 25, 2017 
IN APPRECIATION OF JAMES LIEBERMAN’S CAREER AT U.S. CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTEC-TION AGENCY 
HON. JAMIE RASKIN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a fine constituent and public servant, James Lieberman. After thirty years, Mr. Lie-berman will be retiring from a prolific and sig-nificant career at the U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection Agency. Between 1985 and 2005, Mr. Lieberman’s career blossomed as a U.S. Customs Service Contract Specialist. During this period, he served as a Procuring and Administrative Con-tracting Officer on many of the highest-visi-bility, highest-priority and highest-impact ac-quisitions within the agency. From 2005 to 2007, Mr. Lieberman was asked to serve as Chief of the Business Management Branch of the U.S. Customs and Border Protection Agency supervising contracting professionals who provided acquisition services to support the Offices of the Commissioner, Chief Coun-sel, International Trade, Internal Affairs, Con-gressional Affairs, Public Affairs, Finance, Training and Development, and Human Re-sources. Between 2007 and 2012 James served as the Director of the Border Patrol Contracting Division. His division was respon-sible for acquiring all supplies, equipment and services for Office of Border Patrol. After an exemplary demonstration of skill, Mr. Lieber-man was asked to serve as the Director of the Border Enforcement Contracting Division from 2012 to 2017. His career crescendoed during his time as the Acting Executive Director, Pro-curement Directorate, from 2016 to 2017. His department is comprised of seven divisions authorized for 166 full-time employees. We appreciate Mr. Lieberman’s profound commitment to public service and honor his long and successful career. 
f 
HONORING DR. THOMAS E. STARZL 
HON. DAVID LOEBSACK 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. LOEBSACK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. Thomas E. Starzl of Les Mars, Iowa. A pioneer in the world of science and medicine, Dr. Thomas E. Starzl will forever be remembered as an extraordinary member of our community. Among his many accomplish-ments, Dr. Starzl revolutionized medicine by successfully performing the first ever human liver transplant. Dr. Starzl’s work saved thou-sands of lives, and he became known as ‘‘the father of transplantation.’’ On March 4, 2017, Starzl passed away peacefully at his home in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Dr. Thomas Starzl was born in Les Mars, Iowa to a family of first generation Americans. As an undergraduate, Dr. Starzl attended Westminster College in Fulton, Missouri and eventually went on to complete an M.D. and Ph.D. in neuroscience at Northwestern Univer-sity Medical School in Chicago, Illinois. Dr. Starzl would spend a majority of his early ca-reer working at the University of Iowa and the University of Colorado until his move to Uni-versity of Pittsburgh, where he remained until his retirement. In 2006, President George W. Bush awarded Dr. Starzl the National Medal of Science for his pioneering work in transplan-tation. He has also received awards from the National Institute of Medicine, the American Liver Foundation, the National Kidney Founda-tion, and the American Medical Foundation, among others. Dr. Starzl was considered a ‘‘force of na-ture’’ to those who knew and loved him. One of his former students remarked that he came to recognize Dr. Starzl’s ‘‘work ethic and prag-matism as characteristics in many of my pa-tients and think that his salt-of-the-earth val-ues must have been instilled at an early age.’’ I and other Iowans are proud to call Dr. Starzl one of our own. f 
BERNADETTE GRAY-LITTLE 
HON. LYNN JENKINS 
OF KANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Berna-dette Gray-Little for her unwavering leadership and service as the 17th Chancellor of the Uni-versity of Kansas. As her tenure comes to an end and we reflect on her eight years as Chancellor, we celebrate the work Bernadette Gray-Little has done to positively impact the university, the state of Kansas, and beyond. Chancellor Gray-Little has championed ini-tiatives for the University such as the imple-mentation of new admissions standards, prioritizing retention and graduation rates, and succeeding at growing the freshman class for five consecutive years. She has overseen the physical transformation of KU’s campuses by securing support for new projects as well as major renovations for the university. Additionally, she has demonstrated courage and compassion by leading university con-versations on matters such as sexual assault, diversity and inclusion, campus safety, and the living and working environment on the univer-sity’s campus. When it comes to the state of Kansas, Chancellor Gray-Little has made her imprint through undertaking university efforts that would help in creating new jobs to spur eco-nomic growth, launching startup companies, developing corporate partnerships, licensing new technologies, and fostering an entrepre-neurial mindset among faculty, staff and stu-dents alike. Chancellor Gray-Little demonstrated national leadership as a member of the board of direc-tors of the Association of American Univer-sities and the Association of Public and Land- grant Universities. As a member on these boards, she played an important role on the national level as a strong advocate for higher education and the importance of research funding. We can see her impact as she led the university to new heights in research fund-ing that will benefit people around the globe. As Chancellor of KU, Bernadette Gray-Little made history as the first female and first Afri-can-American Chancellor in the university’s existence. Chancellor Gray-Little has led the University of Kansas with strength and humil-ity. She truly has been an inspiration to stu-dents, staff, faculty, and colleagues throughout the state and our nation. I extend my deepest appreciation to Berna-dette Gray-Little for her service and commit-ment to the University of Kansas and I wish her all the best in the years ahead. f 
HONORING MR. ROGER SHALALA 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the esteemed career of Roger Shalala following 50 years of dedicated service to the Elbridge Volunteer Fire Company in Elbridge, New York. On December 6, 1966, Mr. Shalala joined the Elbridge Volunteer Fire Company to serve his community. He served as the Depart-ment’s President during 1968 and then main-tained a 24 year tenure as Secretary, where he gained a wealth of knowledge of the De-partment’s history and background. As such, Mr. Shalala has become known as the resi-dent historian of the Elbridge Volunteer Fire Company. During his time serving the Elbridge Volun-teer Fire Company, Mr. Shalala’s passion for serving his community has never faltered. He regularly volunteers at events to benefit the Department, including parades, fundraisers, pancake breakfasts, and chicken and biscuit dinners. It is my honor to recognize Roger Shalala’s 50 years of devoted service to our community. 
f 
IN HONOR OF JESSICA MARK’S RE-CEIPT OF THE YAVAPAI COUNTY TEACHER OF THE YEAR AWARD 
HON. PAUL A. GOSAR 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, today I would like to recognize Ms. Jessica Marks of Yavapai, Arizona. Jessica is an accomplished and re-spected educator whose distinguished career has inspired countless young people in Ari-zona to follow their dreams. Currently, she teaches Language Arts to the students of Glassford Hill Middle School in Yavapai. Her inspiring service to the youth of our district is deserving of all of our admiration. It comes as no surprise that she is being recognized as the Yavapai County Teacher of the Year. Jessica’s career in education began in 2011, where she taught at Liberty Traditional School and later became a founding teacher at Prescott Valley’s Arizona Agribusiness and Equine Center. On account of her teaching ex-cellence, 100 percent of her students passed AIMS testing. Jessica has prioritized commu-nity engagement, leadership skills and well- rounded character in her pedagogical ap-proach. Outside of the classroom, she has served as an adviser to the student yearbook, the community service organization Panthers in Action, the National Junior Honor Society, and the school newspaper, amongst other ex-tracurricular responsibilities. Jessica also 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K25AP8.003 E25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE526 April 25, 2017 
works hard planning the annual eighth grade trip to Catalina Island. Jessica’s service and mentorship to our youth is commendable. Her track record of ex-cellence began when she undertook her first teaching position, and has continued to the present day. Jessica’s amazing career serves as a beacon of civic duty and care for one’s community, and I sincerely appreciate the op-portunity to recognize her today. 
f 
HONORING NEW CITIZENS 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure and sincerity that I take this time to congratulate fifteen individuals who took their oaths of citizenship on Friday, April 21, 2017. This memorable occasion, presided over by Magistrate Judge John E. Martin, was held at the United States Courthouse and Federal Building in Hammond, Indiana. America is a country founded by immi-grants. From its beginning, settlers have come from countries around the world to the United States in search of better lives for their fami-lies. Oath ceremonies are a shining example of what is so great about the United States of America—that people from all over the world can come together and unite as members of a free, democratic nation. These individuals realize that nowhere else in the world offers a better opportunity for success than here in America. On April 21, 2017, the following people, rep-resenting many nations throughout the world, took their oaths of citizenship in Hammond, In-diana: Laura Yvette Tirado, Sibu Kudakkachira Mathew, Chiedozie Destiny Felix, Ofelia Juarez Hernandez, Servando Leal, Graciella Lopez-Strambu, Cecilia Mercy Mumbi Muchiri, Uyen Thi Thu Nguyen, Andy Dai Nguyen, Nakyung Nikkie Park, Yasmin Rahim, Alicia Ramirez, Hortencia Rodriguez, Hun Young Susan Yang, and Bahradine Abderhmane Zakaria. Although each individual has sought to be-come a citizen of the United States for his or her own reasons, be it for education, occupa-tion, or to offer their loved ones better lives, each is inspired by the fact that the United States of America is, as Abraham Lincoln de-scribed it, a country ‘‘. . . of the people, by the people, and for the people.’’ They realize that the United States is truly a free nation. By seeking American citizenship, they have made the decision that they want to live in a place where, as guaranteed by the First Amendment of the Constitution, they can practice religion as they choose, speak their minds without fear of punishment, and assemble in peaceful pro-test should they choose to do so. Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask you and my other distinguished colleagues to join me in congratulating these individuals who became citizens of the United States of America on April 21, 2017. They, too, are American citi-zens, and they, too, are guaranteed the in-alienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. We, as a free and democratic nation, congratulate them and welcome them. COMMENDING ALPHA OMEGA– HENRY SCHEIN CARES HOLO-CAUST SURVIVORS ORAL HEALTH PROGRAM HON. THOMAS R. SUOZZI 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. SUOZZI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, in commemoration of Yom HaShoah, to solemnly remember the six million Jews and the millions of others murdered by the Nazis during the Holocaust. We reaffirm our commitment to stand up and take action when we encounter persecution or an assault on human dignity. As Holocaust survivor and Nobel Laureate Professor Elie Wiesel counseled, ‘‘the oppo-site of love is not hate, it’s indifference.’’ As we mourn those who perished, we must honor the more than 100,000 survivors of the Holocaust who live here in our United States of America, an estimated one third of whom live in poverty. It is through our understanding of history that we ‘‘never forget’’ their plight and act to ensure that they live their lives in comfort and dignity. I would like to commend the Alpha Omega- Henry Schein Cares Holocaust Survivors Oral Health Program, an innovative public-private partnership that has improved the lives of this most vulnerable population. In under two years, this program has provided critical, pro bono dental care to more than 600 Holocaust survivors in 18 cities across North America. The program serves as a model for what we can accomplish when we work together to help those in need. As a Member of Congress who represents constituents of the Jewish faith I am com-pelled to remember today the millions of Jews as well as individuals of other faiths who were murdered during the Holocaust and pay tribute to a partnership committed to enhance Holo-caust survivors’ quality of life. May their efforts serve as an inspiration to us all to always choose action over indifference. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE STATE CHAM-PIONSHIP WESTHILL BOYS BAS-KETBALL TEAM 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the victory of the Westhill Senior High School Boys’ Basketball Team in the New York State Public High School Associa-tion Class B Championship on March 18, 2017. The Westhill Warriors defeated the Can-ton Golden Bears by a score of 80–62 for their fifth state title. The Warriors, ranked number one in their class, finished the season 25–1. The team had four players who scored double digits in the title game, including senior Kemeren Jack-son with 22 points, juniors Sean Dadey and Owen Matukas with 15 points each, and junior John Geer with 11 points. Members of the state championship team include Jackson, Dadey, Matukas, Geer, as well as seniors Braedon Elmer and Antonio Scrimale, juniors Holden Carroll, Corey Frassica, Chris Holt, Jordan Marcano, and EJ Zawadzki, sopho-mores Charlie Bolesh and Michael Laszlo, freshmen Zechariah Brown, and Dan Washburn. The team is coached by Kevin King. I am honored to recognize Coach Kevin King on his fifth state title in program history and to honor the teamwork displayed by the Westhill Warriors in earning the Class B Championship. I congratulate the members of the team, their families, the coaching staff, and teachers at Westhill Senior High School. This is a historic win for Central New York and I am confident that the positive experiences from the 2017 season will yield continued suc-cess in both athletics and academics. f 
FIFTY YEARS OF COLORADO LEADERSHIP ON ABORTION RIGHTS 
HON. DIANA DeGETTE 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Ms. D
EGETTE. Mr. Speaker, 50 years ago today, Colorado blazed a trail for the rights of women and girls when it became the first state to loosen restrictions on legal abortions. Until then, the procedure was available only if the woman’s life was at stake. The new law allowed an abortion if the woman’s physical or mental health was threat-ened, if the pregnancy was the result of rape or incest, or if the child might have serious birth defects. Mr. Speaker, this was seven years before the U.S. Supreme Court would affirm a wom-an’s constitutional right to choose in Roe v. Wade. Today, polling consistently shows that seven in 10 Americans do not believe that Roe should be overturned. But back in 1967, allowing any loosening of the near-absolute ban on abortion was a risky move from a polit-ical point of view. A freshman Colorado state lawmaker, Rich-ard Lamm, decided the risk was worth it, even if it meant the end of his career. After intro-ducing the bill, he worked State Senator John Bermingham and many others to persuade the overwhelmingly male and Republican-domi-nated legislature to pass it. Within weeks, Re-publican Governor John Love signed it into law. The year before, only 10 abortions had been reported to Colorado’s health depart-ment. During the eight months remaining in 1967 after the bill was signed, 120 abortions were reported—including for a 12-year-old girl who had been raped. Without that law, her only recourse would have been either a back- alley procedure or carrying the pregnancy to term. Within the next three years, 11 other states emulated Colorado, while four others loosened restrictions on legal abortions even more. Rather than see his career come to an end, Richard Lamm went on to serve three terms as Colorado’s governor. Now age 81, he’s the co-director of the University of Denver’s Insti-tute of Public Policy Studies. Mr. Speaker, as a leader in women’s repro-ductive rights, I am proud to hail from the state that, half a century ago, led the way in giving women and girls more control over their own bodies. It’s thanks to enlightened people 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K25AP8.020 E25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE527 April 25, 2017 
with courage and conviction like Richard Lamm that such progress can be made. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF EMLEN TUNNELL 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, today I recog-nize the life of Emlen Tunnell, a Radnor High School graduate, World War II hero, and the first African American to be inducted into the NFL Hall of Fame. Tunnell grew up in Garrett Hill, PA where he excelled in all athletics but decided to accept a football scholarship to Toledo University. Un-fortunately, a broken neck nearly cost him his life and football career. But Tunnell recovered. When World War II broke out he desperately wanted to enlist but was rejected from both the Army and Navy due to his injury. Finally, the Coast Guard accepted Tunnell. Twice while serving, he risked his own life to save a fellow serviceman—extinguishing flames that engulfed a friend after a Japanese torpedo at-tack, and again when he dove into freezing waters to rescue a shipmate. After serving his country, Tunnell returned to football. He played two years with the Univer-sity of Iowa before hitchhiking from Lancaster Pike to New York where he tried out to be-come a Giant. It was a humble start to a stel-lar career. Tunnell spent 14 years in the league—11 with the Giants and three as a Green Bay Packer. In that time he was se-lected to the Pro Bowl nine times, played on two championship teams, and held the then NFL record for consecutive games played at 143. In 1967 he became the first African American inducted into the NFL Hall of Fame. Mr. Tunnell is an American hero. Yet, his name has largely been lost to the history books. That must change. The Sports Leg-ends of Delaware County and Delaware Coun-ty Veterans Memorial have initiated a cam-paign to erect a seven-foot bronze statue of Tunnell with that goal in mind. It is an impor-tant step to properly honoring this great Penn-sylvanian. Through their efforts, Emlen Tunnell’s remarkable life and accomplishments will rightly be remembered for decades to come. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 90TH BIRTH-DAY OF BENJAMIN ‘‘BEN’’ MOR-RIS OF WESTMORELAND COUN-TY, VA 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and celebrate the 90th birthday of Benjamin ‘‘Ben’’ Morris of Westmoreland County, VA. Born on May 6, 1927, Ben would attend grade school at Oak Grove School for first through twelfth grade. Upon graduating in 1945, Ben enlisted in the United States Navy to serve in World War II. By the time Ben completed boot camp in Maryland, the war had ended but the mission to invade Japan was still to take place. He journeyed to California to board a troop ship that would travel to the Marshall Islands where he would board the USS Prairie. The USS Prairie traveled the seas of the Pacific, stop-ping at many islands, until it reached Tokyo, Japan. Ben recalls being amazed at the de-struction of the city from the bombing that had occurred. After his naval tour of 15 months, he returned to his home in Montross, VA to begin working with his father at L.A. Clark Company, producing railroad ties. In 1950, Ben and his older brother built a lumber mill. That same year, Ben married his wife, Middy, with whom he would have three boys and a daughter. In 1951, Northern Neck Lumber, Inc. opened for business in Warsaw, VA. After his brother’s death, Ben continued to run the business until 1995 when he retired. Ben’s two sons continue to run the business today. Ben served on the Board of The Bank of Montross for 34 years until it was sold. Ben is a member of St. James Episcopal Church where he has served on the Vestry several times. Ben has enjoyed the pleasures of the North-ern Neck: golfing, fishing, boating, and hunt-ing. He is proud of his three children from his first marriage who have blessed him with nine grandchildren and seven great-grandchildren. Ben and his current wife of 33 years live in Montross, and her two children and five grand-children have been part of an ever growing family. Mr. Speaker, I have had the pleasure of knowing Ben for many years and am honored to recognize him and to celebrate his 90th birthday. On behalf of the millions of Ameri-cans that he has selflessly served through his military service and service to his community, I thank him and wish him the happiest of birth-days. f 
HONORING MR. DONALD TRIBBY 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I take this opportunity to honor Mr. Donald Tribby upon his retirement from United Steelworkers Local 1066. I have known Don for many years, and his dedication to his fellow union members is unparalleled. For nearly forty-eight years, he served in many capacities as a member and officer with Local 1066, and his contributions have helped to strengthen the organization and improve conditions for its members. A third generation steelworker, Don Tribby’s outstanding career in the steel industry began on September 27, 1968, as a motor inspector apprentice and journeyman, a position he would hold for the next ten years. Don then spent the remainder of his time at United States (U.S.) Steel as a millwright apprentice and journeyman, where he excelled in his trade and proved to be an exceptional model for his fellow steelworkers to emulate. While employed at U.S. Steel, Don became active in Local 1066, first part-time as a griever, then full-time as Financial Secretary in 2003. In 2008, he also took on the role of Benefits Co-ordinator, and he remained in both capacities until his retirement in August of last year. Mr. Tribby has worked tirelessly to make his employer one of the most efficient producers of steel in the world. Simultaneously, he has committed his life to ensuring the value of human labor is recognized. He was meticulous in making sure that his colleagues and those he was responsible for were provided a safe work environment and that their wages were commensurate with their value to the com-pany. While Don has been a loyal servant and col-league for Local 1066, his greatest source of pride is his loving family. Don wed his beloved wife, Barbara, on July 25, 1981, and the cou-ple has spent the past thirty-five years by each other’s side. Don and Barbara are the proud parents of two sons, David and Michael. I am proud that Don Tribby is my friend, and I cannot thank him enough for all he has done for me over the years. I am even more grate-ful for what he has done for so many for so long, strangers and friends alike. Mr. Speaker, Donald Tribby has been a dedicated member and officer with United Steelworkers Local 1066 for nearly half a cen-tury and served and worked beside his fellow union members with distinction. At this time, I ask that you and all of my distinguished col-leagues join me in wishing Don the best upon his retirement and commending him for his lifetime of dedicated service. f 
RECOGNIZING THE STATE CHAM-PIONSHIP JAMESVILLE-D
EWITT GIRLS BASKETBALL TEAM 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the victory of the Jamesville-DeWitt Girls’ Basketball Team in the New York State Public High School Association Class A Championship on March 18, 2017. The Jamesville-DeWitt Red Rams defeated the Pittsford-Mendon Vikings by a score of 48–46 to win the state title for the second year in a row. The Red Rams’ victory over the undefeated and number one-ranked Vikings was a close game, but the tournament’s most outstanding player Meg Hair scored 12 points and senior Julia Kelner scored 11 points to secure the title. Members of the state championship team include Hair, Kelner, as well as senior Angela Bussone, juniors Jamie Boeheim and Kasey Vaughan, freshmen Sydney Baker, Paige Keeler, Maya Leslie, Gabby Stickle, Andrea Sumida, and eighth graders Momoka LaClair and Tracey Edison. The team is coached by Rob Siechen. I am honored to recognize the teamwork displayed by the Jamesville-Dewitt Red Rams and to congratulate the members of the team, their families, the coaching staff, and teachers at Jamesville-Dewitt High School. This is a historic win for Central New York and I am confident that the positive experiences from the 2017 season will yield continued success in both athletics and academics. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25AP8.022 E25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE528 April 25, 2017 
HONORING COAHOMA COUNTY HIGH SCHOOL 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a group of high school students from the second district of Mississippi on their victory against Baldwyn High School Bearcats by the score of 60 to 47 on March 10th to win the State 2A Boys Basketball Championship. The team ended the season with an overall record of 32 and 2. I would first like to recognize the team be-ginning with the coaches. They include Head Coach, Derrick Moore and Assistant Coaches, Darryl Moore and Tim Williams; Trainers, Latrentis Murrell and Antwonario Bryant. To the entire coaching staff, your hard work and dedication is greatly appreciated. The players’ teamwork and athletic abilities are also evident with this victory. Waltavious Cockerham, Keion Cosby, Bentavious Galmore, Markevious Holmes, Brandon Hornburger, Jaylin McCray, Derrick Moore, Jr., Markevius Phillips, Alshun Ross, Dewayne Rucker, Timarcus Sacks, Timothy Sacks, Effernee Taylor, Keyshawn Thomas, Jammion Burden, Gregg Johnson, Tykeevius Taylor, Jermaine Fry, and Quenton Wolfe, congratula-tions on a victorious season. Derrick Moore, a 1996 graduate of Coahoma County High School and former As-sistant Coach under Coach Isaiah Peterson when the Red Panthers won back to back ti-tles in 2005 and 2006, believes a team is a team when everyone has the mindset that they can win and be champions and when each individual knows they are important to the program. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing and congratulating the Coahoma County High School Red Panthers Boys Basketball Championship Team. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MR. ‘‘BUZ’’ EDDY, THE CITY MANAGER OF THE CITY OF GULF BREEZE 
HON. MATT GAETZ 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Mr. ‘‘Buz’’ Eddy, the City Manager of The City of Gulf Breeze, Florida. Mr. Eddy has served the city in this role since 1992. On May 1, 2017, Mr. Eddy is retiring after twenty-five years of dedicated service. Mr. Eddy has contributed his expertise and guidance in many different capacities. He served on the Board of the Florida City/County Managers Association, and as a member of the Gulf Breeze Sertoma and Gulf Breeze Ro-tary Clubs. Buz served as President of the Gulf Breeze Rotary Club in 2015–2016. Mr. Eddy also serves as the City’s representative on The Santa Rosa County RESTORE Coun-cil and is President of Fairpoint Regional Utility System. As City Manager, Mr. Eddy made structural transformation the cornerstone of his adminis-tration. He has put in place the plans, proce-dures, systems, and controls necessary for ac-countability and performance to ensure Gulf Breeze will continue to operate under the insti-tutional principles established by his adminis-tration long after he leaves the post. During Mr. Eddy’s tenure, Gulf Breeze was impressively recognized as the Number One Most Successful City in Florida over 215 top livable cities, based on national quality-of-life rankings. Mr. Eddy has contributed to the creation of countless successful projects and programs. He has demonstrated a profound dedication to the concepts of effective and democratic local government. His negotiations on behalf of the City have resulted in the expansion and rede-velopment of a variety of enterprises. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States Congress, I am privileged to recognize Mr. ‘‘Buz’’ Eddy and congratulate him on his retire-ment. I thank him for his fairness, diligence, encouragement, and trustworthy leadership; and wish him all the best for continued suc-cess in the future. f 
CONGRATULATING THE 2017 CRISPUS ATTUCKS MEDICAL MAGNET HIGH SCHOOL’S VAR-SITY BOYS BASKETBALL TEAM 
HON. ANDRE´CARSON 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate the 2017 Crispus Attucks Med-ical Magnet High School’s Varsity Boys Bas-ketball Team. The Tigers were crowned the Division 3A Indiana State Boys Basketball Champions on March 25, 2017 after a thrilling last second basket to clinch victory over Twin Lakes 73–71 at Bankers Life Fieldhouse. The Crispus Attucks basketball program is one of our country’s most legendary basketball programs, as it was the first all-black school in the country to win an open state championship in 1955. This year’s team was supported by our entire community and especially alumni. NBA Hall of Famer and leader of the 1955 and 1956 championship teams, Oscar Robert-son, cheered on the Tigers and following their victory placed the championship medals around the necks of the players, coaches, and support staff. This is the team’s fourth state title, but the first since 1959. The Tigers were led to a 25– 4 record by first year Head Coach Chris Haw-kins who has inspired the student athletes to excel. Additionally, all Attucks fans and in par-ticular the student body should be recognized for their enthusiasm and pride in this team. The young men on this team should be proud of their accomplishment. It is an honor to join the entire Indianapolis community in recognizing these outstanding student ath-letes. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MORTON & PITALO, INC.’S 40TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Morton & Pitalo, Inc. as they cele-brate their 40th Anniversary. As the commu-nity and members of Morton & Pitalo gather today, I ask my colleagues to join me in hon-oring them and their long history of service to the Sacramento region and beyond. Co-founded by Richard Morton and John Pitalo in 1977, Morton and Pitalo, Inc. is the oldest locally-owned firm in the region. Mr. Morton and Mr. Pitalo have created an organi-zation that provides high-quality civil engineer-ing, land planning, and land surveying to their clients. Providing all of these services via a single firm allows Morton & Pitalo to be closely involved and knowledgeable in entire con-struction projects, from start to finish. Dedi-cated to the success of their projects, the highly-talented staff’s teamwork is the key to the many accomplishments of Morton & Pitalo’s operations. As they commemorate their 40th Anniversary, they can celebrate hav-ing successfully completed thousands of projects for the public and private sectors. Mr. Speaker, as the members and friends of Morton & Pitalo, Inc. celebrate their 40 years of service to the Sacramento region and be-yond, I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring them for their dedication to their cli-ents and to our community. f 
HONORING BETHEL COLLEGE MEN’S BASKETBALL COACH MIKE LIGHTFOOT ON HIS RE-TIREMENT 
HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mike Lightfoot, who will retire at the end of this season after 30 years as coach of the Bethel College Men’s Basketball Team. The tremendous achievements of the Bethel Pilots Men’s Basketball Team are a reflection of Coach Lightfoot’s ability to see greatness in his players and inspire the team to be their best. Coach Lightfoot was an inspiration not only to his team, but to the entire Bethel Col-lege community. As generations of students, faculty, and fans have gathered at the Wiekamp Athletic Center, committed to the home game excitement and school spirit, Coach Lightfoot has helped foster the team’s will to succeed and the institution’s faithful turnout. Coach Lightfoot has led the Bethel Pilots since 1987, and in that time the team secured 796 wins, including four NCCAA National Championships and three NAIA National Championships. His greatest legacy, however, is in helping the countless players he coached grow into strong leaders and dedicated mem-bers of their community. He had an amazing ability to connect with these young men, in-spiring them to strive for great achievements, as evidenced by the 98 percent graduation rate among Coach Lightfoot’s players. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of 2nd District Hoo-siers, I want to thank Coach Lightfoot for his unconditional dedication to the Pilots, Bethel College, and our entire community. His inno-vative coaching styles and effective leadership resonates in the team’s excellent record as well as in the personal growth and achieve-ment of every player he helped shape. I am grateful for the example he set for the young Hoosiers of Bethel College. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25AP8.001 E25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE529 April 25, 2017 
HONORING VELMA JACKSON HIGH SCHOOL 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a group of high school students from the second District of Mis-sissippi with a special congratulations for win-ning the State 3A Boys Basketball Champion-ship when they defeated East Side by the score of 46 to 32 on March 10th with an over-all record of 27 and 6. I would first like to recognize the team be-ginning with the coaches. They include Head Coach, Anthony Carlyle and Assistant Coach-es: Bryantae Garrett and Christian Johnson. Their hard work and dedication is greatly ap-preciated. The players’ teamwork and athletic abilities are also evident with this victory. The players are Mason Riley, Robert Anderson, Kiryne Jobe, Brandon Weatherspoon, Robert Kendrick, Charles Smith, Travius Brown, Nikolas Weatherspoon, Haven Ousley, Carlton Beamon, Leaveon Griffin, Jamuel Brooks, DeMarion Jones, Andre Lee and Antwain Dixon. Congratulations Velma Jackson High School Falcon Boys Basketball Championship Team. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing and congratulating Velma Jack-son High School Boys Basketball Champion-ship Team. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MRS. MELANY REIS-ABERNATHY 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Mrs. Melany Reis-Abernathy, who sadly passed away on March 18, 2017 after a long battle with cancer. Mrs. Melany Reis-Abernathy was born in Modesto, California on March 27, 1973. Grow-ing up, Melany was the daughter of a dairy-man and a District 5 Dairy Princess. She at-tended California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo, where she graduated in 1996, and went on to work in the agriculture industry with the Farm Credit system and later at Rabobank North America Wholesale as a fi-nancial analyst. An avid adventure seeker, Melany met her husband, Kevin Abernathy, while in a martial arts class in 1999. The two became quick friends due to their active lifestyles and similar upbringings in the dairy community and began dating soon after meeting. Melany and Kevin got married on June 17, 2003 in Kauai, Hawaii at Ship Wreck Beach and made their home in Delhi, California. Kevin and Melany enjoyed water skiing, boating, hiking, running, and snow skiing together. Although the two never had children of their own, Melany was known and loved by her nieces and nephews as the ‘‘cool aunt’’. Known for her dedicated service, Melany and Kevin began working with disadvantaged children through Aspiring Children for Tomor-row, an organization of which her husband serves as general manager. The goal of the organization is to assist struggling young peo-ple through training and competition in the fighting arts. Mrs. Reis-Abernathy became a yoga in-structor while battling cancer, showing her strength and resolve even in the face of ad-versity. Melany had the strength to continue fighting this disease and living her life with love and joy, as she always had. She truly lived every moment to the fullest. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in honoring the life of Mrs. Melany Reis-Abernathy. My thoughts and prayers are with her family and friends during this difficult time. f 
IN HONOR OF KATY LUCILLE HENDERSON 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, this month, the Houston County Tadmor Commu-nity will celebrate the one hundredth birthday of Katy Lucille Henderson, a cherished leader and faithful servant in the community. On April 24th, 1917, George and Josephine Augusta Stewart Henderson welcomed a new addition to the family, Katy Lucille Henderson, better known as Lucille. In her life, Lucille has witnessed the growth and transformation that took place in the world during the 20th and 21st Centuries. Growing up, Lucille’s family used a horse drawn buggy as their primary mode of transportation. She vividly remembers the introduction of many ‘‘modern’’ inventions such as the electric light bulb, refrigeration, and indoor plumbing. However, few modern marvels have had a great impact on Lucille compared to hearing her favorite hymn, How Great Thou Art, or the majestic voice of the great Mahalia Jackson. After graduating high school in 1936, Lucille married Carl Lester Franklin. While Carl served in the military during World War II, Lu-cille dedicated her time to working in the com-munity and serving as a cook at the Kennard West Side Schools. For more than 50 years, she has served the Lord as a Stewardess at the Bethel Christian Methodist Episcopal Church and as a respected role model in the Tadmor Community. Together, Lucille and Carl raised five chil-dren: Carl E. Franklin, Barbara Franklin, Marva G. Anglin, Charles D. Franklin, and Ronald L. Franklin. Lucille is also blessed with a stepdaughter, Doris Gibson. Lucille’s family continues to grow as she is blessed with twelve grandchildren and ten great-grand children: Byron Franklin, Abria Perry, Brian Franklin, Bobby R. Anglin, George K. Anglin, Kyla N. Franklin, Micha A. Franklin, Diondra I. Franklin, Nichelle R. Franklin, Patrice L. Franklin, Robbyn L. Traylor, and Rosslyn K. Douglas; along with Doris’ children: Mitchell, Marcus and Milton; Malkijah Perry, Aniya Perry, Briana M. Frank-lin, Jayna Franklin, Jordan Anglin, Jayron Anglin, Kennedy Anglin, Reign K. Traylor, Ryleigh M. Traylor, and Cadence K. Douglas. From her home in the Tadmor Community, Lucille continues to see the world transform around her; however, she recently joked with her family that she ‘‘has never been on an air-plane and never will be!’’ As she celebrates her 100th birthday, I would like join her family, friends, and the Tadmor Community to wish Lucille a very happy and blessed birthday. f 
HONORING TWENTY-TWO TEACH-ERS OF THE GREATER BOCA RATON AREA 
HON. THEODORE E. DEUTCH 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the twenty two outstanding teachers in South Florida who have been awarded the Teacher of the Year Award from the Rotary Club of Boca Raton Sunrise. For the past 31 years, the Rotary Club of Boca Raton Sunrise has offered this annual distinction to one teacher at each of the twen-ty-two schools in the greater Boca Raton area. Each awardee is selected by the school’s prin-cipal. These teachers have dedicated their time to inspiring, empowering, and bettering the next generation of youth in our community. Their passion in this effort is truly worthy of our recognition. These twenty-two exemplary teachers have made a profound impact on their students through their caring, commitment, and profes-sionalism. They are a cohort defined by integ-rity, excellence, and the highest marks in all they do. The City of Boca Raton is fortunate to have such outstanding faculty. Congratulations to Maria Laing, Brad Chap-pell, Kelly Green, CarolAnn Da Rocha, Meghan Forbush, Mariel Stark, Shari Farenga, Eileen O’Brien, Denise Rudy, Courtney Elkin, Emlyn McAna, Nora Buck, Robin Koota, Sarah Gregory, Jacqueline Grandison, Shelly Devino, Mary Fish, Anna Lillie-Young, Karen Gibson, Amanda Fraga, Lance Blank, and Sharon Gotschall on being nominated for this year’s Teacher of the Year Award. I am pleased to honor them, and I thank them, for their contin-ued service. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CAPTAIN JAMES DICK 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Captain James Dick for his more than 30 years of faithful and dedicated service to the U.S. Navy and our country. A 1987 graduate of the U.S. Naval Acad-emy and 1993 graduate of the Naval Post-graduate School, Captain Dick served as an engineering officer on the USS San Jacinto (CG 56) where he completed three deploy-ments to the Persian Gulf. In 2000, he re-turned to shipboard life aboard the USS Klackring (FFG 42) as executive officer. In this tour, he oversaw a crew of more than 200 sailors as they circumnavigated South Amer-ica as part of their UNITAS XLI exercises with other foreign navies. In 2005, Captain Dick as-sumed command of the USS Ramage (DDG 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25AP8.006 E25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE530 April 25, 2017 
61). While in command, his crew supported both Operation Enduring Freedom and Oper-ation Iraqi Freedom. Under his leadership, the Ramage earned recognition as Self-Sufficient Ship of the Year for the Atlantic fleet, saving the Navy over $200,000. Captain Dick transitioned from being a sur-face warfare officer to serving as an excep-tional navy acquisition professional in 2008. In this capacity, he served as Program Manager for the Sea Warrior Program, as an Inter-national Programs and Foreign Military Sales expert, and most recently within the Inter-national Fleet Support and Ship Transfer Di-rectorate. Captain Dick’s tireless efforts sup-porting the U.S. Navy’s foreign military sales endeavors have helped to ensure America’s timeless values of freedom and democracy ex-tend beyond our borders, around the globe. I ask my colleagues to join me in recog-nizing Captain James Dick for his lifetime of dedication and service to the U.S. Navy and the country. We thank him for his sacrifice, his commitment, and his countless efforts to pre-serve peace at home and spread freedom abroad. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PONCE DE LEON HIGH SCHOOL’S SENIOR KOBY TOWNSEND 
HON. MATT GAETZ 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ponce de Leon High School’s sen-ior Koby Townsend. Koby has received and accepted an offer to continue his college basketball career at Hun-tingdon College in Montgomery, Alabama. In addition to his success as a basketball player, Koby has excelled in the classroom. He is an active member of the Sr. Beta Club, a national organization honoring high aca-demic achievement; and is set to graduate as Magna Cum Laude of his high school class. Koby has also been an active member of the FCCLA club serving as treasurer for one year. He competed in the speech contest and won 5 gold awards at the state level allowing him the opportunity to compete at the national level. I am proud to recognize the diligence and dedication this young man has shown to his team and education. Koby is a role model for fellow students and team members, and a source of pride for his community and all Northwest Florida. I urge my colleagues to join me in congratu-lating Koby on his spectacular senior season and receiving this honor. I look forward to con-tinuing to follow his basketball career. 
f 
HONORING TUNICA 10 POINT COALITION, INC. 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor Tunica 10 Point Coali-tion, Inc. in Tunica County, Mississippi. Tunica 10 Point Coalition, Inc. is a Faith Based Organization with a strategic vision, programmatic structure, financial resources necessary to save at-risk youth from child abuse and neglect, street violence, drug abuse, school failure, teen pregnancy, incar-ceration, chronic health and wellness issues, spiritual depravity and hopelessness about the future. Tunica 10 Point Coalition, Inc. was formu-lated in 2004 after being introduced to the facts or the (10 Points) by the Memphis Chap-ter who was providing a training workshop on community involvement in local metropolitan areas. In April 2005, the Tunica 10 Point Coa-lition, Inc. organization was introduced to local clergy and community leaders. In 2007, the Executive Board was officially established and officers elected took office to start the local chapter. Tunica 10 Point Coalition, Inc. primary mis-sion is to work closely with local organizations and law enforcement, clergy, school adminis-trators, elected officials and community lead-ers to assist with programs such as: after school programs, community outreach serv-ices and youth outreach enrichment activities. Partnership with these agencies enables the organization to continue to assist youth and parents in creating a better community for all. They are also partners with community health centers, recreation centers to promote good health choices and provide a program that will help guide youth and parents to a healthy life-style by eating healthy and exercising. Tunica 10 Point Coalition, Inc. organization has many accomplishments over the years with most of the involvement that are still on-going in the community. Some of the major accomplishments and ongoing initiatives for the Tunica 10 Point Coalition are: 1. Created the COW (Combating Obesity & Intervention Program) initiative that enables the Tunica community to participate in a FREE Health & Wellness Program. 2. Partner with the local faith-based organi-zations to sponsor a weekly low impact exer-cise and wellness program on Tuesday and Friday from 4:15pm until 5:15pm with an an-nual membership fee of only $40.00. 3. Initiated ‘‘Water for Flint Drive’’ in June 2016 with a Water-A-Thon Day at the Rivergate Park in downtown Tunica. At the event, there was 308 cases of water collected and $450.00 in donations that was used to transport the water to Flint, Michigan. One of the Tunica 10 Point Coalition, Inc. board mem-ber and local pastor, Roman Fullilove volun-teered to transport the water to Flint using his church van. 4. Partner with the local Sheriff Department, Sheriff K. C. Hamp to assist in the monthly ac-tivities of the ‘‘TRIAD’’ Program who provides activities and programs for the senior citizens in the Tunica County community. This includes special activities such as: Valentine Day Cele-bration, Black History Month Observation, Senior Citizen Prom, Cancer Awareness Month, Home Coming Participation and Thanksgiving and Christmas Dinners celebra-tions. They also partner with the Sheriff Office to present Domestic Violence Awareness pro-grams and activities which consist of speakers from various sources such as: local Judges, Mental Health and Law Enforcement. 5. Provide financial assistance of $1,000.00 annually to the local Tunica Head Start Pro-gram to ensure each student receives a gift during the Christmas Holiday Season. 6. Provide a $500.00 college scholarship to a deserving high school graduate(s) each year. The organization also donated $300.00 to a local college student, Keara Jones who attends Clark University to help sponsor her visit to London. 7. Serve as character witnesses for youth at the local youth court proceedings regarding cases that involves youth who are identified as at-risk youth with minor offences. They have an opportunity to negotiate with the judge on penalty recommendation for certain cases. Pastor Evelyn Hubbard serves many times in this capacity. 8. Participate with local community organi-zation ‘‘God Make Us One’’ to identify and rectify diversity in the community to create ra-cial harmony under the common core umbrella of Hope, Faith and Love. They meet quarterly and have an annual celebration for the entire community of Tunica County called ‘‘The Great River Revival’’ orchestrated by Brother Billy Pritt. 9. Partner with the Tunica County Recre-ation Commission to sponsor the Summer Feeding Program, Snack Program and the Back-Pack Program annually. These programs are vital to the community to ensure the youth are receiving meals all year. 10. Sponsor an Annual Gospel Extrava-ganza Concert each December for the Tunica County community which include world re-nown Gospel Artists such as: Lee Williams and the Spiritual QC’s, Harvey Watkins and the Canton Spirituals, The Jackson Southernaires, and local Artists such as: The Tunica Harmonizers and the Tunica Gospel Choir. This concert provides spiritual connec-tion for the entire community and is well re-ceived. The Tunica 10 Point Coalition, Inc. current Board of Directors consist of Pastor Evelyn Hubbard, Executive Director; Dr. Billy Willis, Chief Officer of Operations; Pastor Ben Pratt, President; and Pastor Kelvin Bell, Secretary/ Treasurer. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Tunica 10 Point Coalition, Inc. for their dedication to serving their community and this great state and country. f 
RAMON’S EL DORADO 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to cele-brate the 50th Anniversary of Ramon’s El Do-rado, an institution in my hometown of Collins-ville, Illinois. In the 1960s Raymundo ‘‘Ramon’’ Otero was working in St. Louis at the Chevrolet as-sembly plant. An unfortunate accident oc-curred in which he fell through scaffolding, in-juring his back. He was paralyzed from the waist down, and doctors told him he would never walk again. Six months later he found a doctor who would perform a surgery that would allow him to walk again. But payments from the plant had already stopped. With a young, hungry child, Mr. Otero’s wife, Estella, sent him to borrow $5 from a neighbor and get food for the baby. But God interceded. On his way to the store, Mr. Otero felt a calling to buy meat instead, which he did. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25AP8.010 E25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE531 April 25, 2017 
Once home, they made a tray of tacos, burritos, enchiladas, and tostadas. He took that tray to a local bar, sold the food, and made $18.60. Thus began a cycle of making food and selling it. He eventually worked with a local fried chicken restaurant to sell his Mexican food for ten cents of every dollar sold. Soon he bought out the owner, and Ramon’s El Dorado was born in what was a former gas station. Mr. Otero used his mother’s recipes, who owned a restaurant in Durango City, Mexico. He helped his hometown for many years by taking a truckload of food and clothing to Mex-ico. Ramon’s has expanded several times over the years and now seats 280 people. Mr. Otero died last year, but his sons Ray-mond and Carlos continue the family tradition today. I am humbled to be able to honor Ramon’s on its 50th Anniversary of serving delicious Mexican food to the people of southwestern Il-linois and beyond. Congratulations to the Otero family. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND ACHIEVEMENTS OF RUBY ARNOLD 
HON. EMANUEL CLEAVER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the life of Ruby Arnold. While it is widely known that Horace Peterson was the visionary and sole founder of the Black Archives of Mid-America (BAMA), it is little known who saved the institution from vanishing, years later. Years after Peterson’s accidental death, the BAMA experienced internal tumult that unfor-tunately played out in the Kansas City media. The unflattering press resulted in funding shortfalls and eventually, the exodus from Vine Street, sometimes referred to as ‘‘The Firehouse.’’ As BAMA began to fade in part because it did not have an adequate home, or sufficient funding, nor the extensive collection of arti-facts and memorabilia, some longtime sup-porters began to search for funding and a new location. During the spring of 1998, Ruby Arnold, a BAMA diehard board member, began a per-sonal crusade to secure a new home for the organization she held dear. One Monday morning, during a heavy spring rain, Ruby Ar-nold appeared at the desk on the 29th floor of City Hall. The security guard asked if she had an appointment with anyone in particular. ‘‘I don’t have an appointment but I have come to see Mayor E
MANUEL CLEAVER ,’’ she said. ‘‘I’m sorry but the Mayor is not in,’’ Cheryl Rich-ards, an assistant to the Mayor stepped in and stated. She told Ms. Arnold that on Monday mornings, the Mayor attended the Mayors Corp of Progress meeting, a support group of Kansas City business leaders. ‘‘Thank you, I’ll wait. It’s raining pretty hard, anyway.’’ And wait she did. Several hours later, the Mayor and his security walked off the 29th floor ele-vators where he was greeted by one Ruby Ar-nold. ‘‘Mayor C
LEAVER , I need your help to lo-cate a home for the Black Archives. We don’t have any money but we need a place large enough to grow.’’ The Mayor said, ‘‘Well, I don’t know for sure what I can do. You know that the Black Archives was supposed to be in the main museum building on 18th Street but Horace wanted something different that we could not do legally.’’ ‘‘All I know is that we need a home for the Archives, and you are the Mayor. I don’t know anyone else to ask,’’ Ms. Arnold replied, slowly and sadly. A week later, Ruby showed up at the May-or’s office but because she didn’t have an ap-pointment, she waited for almost two hours to see the Mayor. Again, when she was taken to see the Mayor, she made an appeal for help. The Mayor had no solution to share with her so he said that he would continue to work on it. She looked him straight in the eye and said, ‘‘Mayor, I know you can do this.’’ On the following Saturday, the Mayor held an event for city leaders from Columbus, Ohio on 18th and Vine in the Gem Theater. Ms. Ruby Arnold was there among the elected offi-cials. ‘‘Have you found a place for the Black Archives?’’ she asked the Mayor as he sat on the stage answering questions about the 18th and Vine development. ‘‘Well, not yet,’’ he re-plied, ‘‘but I do have an idea. Can we talk later?’’ She nodded and said ‘‘Mayor, I know you can do this.’’ On Monday morning, as the Mayor ex-pected, Ms. Arnold arrived without an appoint-ment. The Mayor had told the staff to show her in if she appeared at the front desk. This time, the Mayor was anxious to get her into the office to present what he called an intrigu-ing proposal. When she took a seat in his of-fice, the Mayor smiled, and said, ‘‘Good news! I have been in conversation with Terry Dob-son, the director of the Kansas City Parks and Recreation Department about the old Parade Park maintenance building at 1722 E. 17th Terrace.’’ ‘‘Can we get it?’’ asked Ruby. The Mayor replied, ‘‘I think so, but we’ve got to make sure that the tons of horse manure un-derground does not present a threat since methane gas is a bi-product of manure.’’ Ms. Arnold seemed pleased and the Mayor was relieved. ‘‘Thank you, thank you. I told you that you could do it,’’ Ruby said as she moved towards the door. The Mayor told her she didn’t need to thank him, and with his tongue strangely planted in his cheek, the Mayor added, just stop driving him crazy. Ruby Arnold died before the opening of the new Archives in the summer of 2010, but former Mayor EMANUEL CLEAVER , then U.S. Representative from Missouri’s Fifth District, said, ‘‘This location for the Black Archives was not secured by wishing or hoping, but by the merciful harassment I received from one de-termined Ruby Arnold. May God bless her re-markable spirit.’’ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE ADVANCED TEST REACTOR AT THE IDAHO NA-TIONAL LABORATORY 
HON. MICHAEL K. SIMPSON 
OF IDAHO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call your attention to an extraordinary facility located on the Department of Energy’s 890– square-mile site in Idaho, and the many peo-ple who have been employed there over the last 50 years. Idaho National Laboratory is this nation’s lead nuclear research, development and de-ployment laboratory. It also has emerged as a world leader in cybersecurity, keeping our crit-ical infrastructure safe from those who would do us harm, and broader clean energy re-search and development. One of INL’s crown jewels is the Advanced Test Reactor. This summer, we are cele-brating the 50th anniversary of ATR, and rec-ognizing that experiments conducted there have helped ensure our national security and advance knowledge about clean nuclear en-ergy. Just as importantly, we also recognize that, with regular maintenance and upgrades, ATR will continue to be this nation’s test reactor of choice at least through 2050. What makes ATR so unique—and valu-able—is its ingenious cloverleaf design, envi-sioned by an engineer named Deslonde deBoisblanc on a lonely stretch of Highway 20 in the Idaho desert more than a half century ago. deBoisblanc’s design resulted in a one-of-a- kind reactor that can house simultaneous ex-periments under distinct temperatures, pres-sures and irradiation conditions. That means, at the ATR complex, we can test materials for academia, industry and the U.S. Navy—all at the same time. The knowledge that our tal-ented scientists, engineers and technicians pull out of this reactor is incredibly valuable. For example, when the Navy began sending fuel samples from its nuclear submarines to the INL site, that science was in its infancy. Eventually, nuclear fuel became more com-plex. The Navy needed to test larger fuel ele-ments, not just samples, and with the Cold War accelerating, it needed those test results more quickly. So, ATR was built, started up in 1967, and two years later brought to full power of 250 Megawatts. The impact on America’s Nuclear Navy has been remarkable Early submarines had to be pulled out of duty every two years or so for expensive and time-consuming re-fueling. Because of what we have learned from experiments at ATR, the reactor cores for the Navy’s newest submarines last for their entire lifetimes, more than 30 years. Idaho National Laboratory’s Advanced Test Reactor has saved taxpayers millions of dol-lars and made our country safer and more se-cure. That’s a testament not only to the facil-ity—and deBoisblanc’s unique design—but also to generations of world-class scientists, engineers, technicians and mechanics who have kept the reactor functioning at the high-est possible level these five decades. ATR has also played a central role in help-ing sustain this nation’s current light-water nu-clear reactor fleet, which produces 19 percent of America’s electricity and 63 percent of its carbon-free electricity. In 2007, ATR became a National Scientific User Facility. That allows our colleges and universities to run experiments at ATR, with the Department of Energy footing the bill. As a result, we have expanded knowledge about clean nuclear energy throughout the nation and built a foundation for the next generation of reactors, including small modular reactors, such as one that could begin producing power in the Idaho desert as soon as 2024. It is a great honor to congratulate INL on ATR’s 50th anniversary, acknowledge its dedi-cated, talented and determined workforce, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25AP8.013 E25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE532 April 25, 2017 
from past and present, and look ahead to many more years of valuable service to our nation. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF LIEUTENANT COLONEL STEPH-ANIE A. SIDO OF THE UNITED STATES ARMY 
HON. AUMUA AMATA COLEMAN RADEWAGEN 
OF AMERICAN SAMOA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Lieutenant Colonel Steph-anie A. Sido of the United States Army for her extraordinary dedication to duty and service to our nation. Colonel Sido will soon transition from her current assignment as an Army Congressional Liaison in the House of Representatives to serve as the Troop Commander at Landstuhl Regional Medical Center. Her new unit is the largest U.S. hospital outside the United States, and serves as the sole military medical center for Europe, Middle East and Africa to our Service Members, their families, and coalition and allies troops. A native of Grafton, Ohio, Stephanie began her military career when she was commis-sioned in 1999 through the University of Ak-ron’s Army ROTC Program as a Medical Serv-ice Corps Officer. Since that time she has served at all leadership levels from platoon leader to company commander. Stephanie also honorably served in multiple staff posi-tions in combat, including two deployments to Afghanistan. She is married to Edward, a U.S. Army veteran and the proud mother to their son Patrick. In 2016, Colonel Sido was selected to serve as Legislative Liaison to the Army House Liai-son Office. In her role as a legislative liaison, Colonel Sido served as the primary liaison be-tween Members of the 114th and 115th Con-gresses, their Staffs, Legislative Committees, and the U.S. Army. In this role, she planned, coordinated, and accompanied Congressional and Staff Delegations on numerous worldwide fact-finding and investigative missions, and strengthened the relationships and trust need-ed to continue the longstanding confidence the U.S. Congress has in the U.S. Army. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize the selfless service of Lieutenant Colonel Steph-anie A. Sido and her family as they proceed to the next chapter in her remarkable career and continue to serve our great nation. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF OVERSEAS AMERICANS FINANCIAL ACCESS ACT 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise to introduce the Overseas Americans Financial Access Act on behalf of the estimated 6–8 million American citizens living and working abroad. This bill would amend the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) to address the unintended con-sequences it imposes on American citizens overseas that make it more difficult to access basic banking products and services in their country of residence. As co-chair of the Americans Abroad Cau-cus, for years I have heard reports from con-stituents overseas detailing how FATCA’s ex-pensive and duplicative reporting requirements have led foreign financial institutions to deny basic banking services to American citizens. Some Foreign Financial Institutions have sim-ply closed accounts or refused to open new ones for U.S. citizens in order to minimize their exposure to FATCA reporting require-ments, withholding fees and potential pen-alties. This practice leaves law-abiding Amer-ican citizens without access to everyday finan-cial tools such as mortgages, bank accounts, insurance policies and pension funds—all of which are critical services regardless of place of residence. While I recognize the difficult job of the Treasury Department to make sure American money around the world remains compliant with the U.S. tax code, the current FATCA re-porting procedures subject ordinary Americans to the same scrutiny as criminal tax evaders and money launderers. Revision of these re-porting policies is necessary to ensure that Americans remain competitive in international business and continue to contribute to econo-mies here in the U.S. and around the world. Unfortunately, some have resorted to renounc-ing their American citizenship in response. It is now time to act and provide relief. The IRS Taxpayer Advocate Service (TAS) has recognized this problem and on April 13, 2015, issued a recommendation that the IRS exclude from FATCA reporting financial ac-counts maintained by a financial institution in the country in which the U.S. citizen is a bona fide resident. To date, no action has been taken to institute such a policy to alleviate the burden on overseas Americans as a result of FATCA. That is why I am proud to introduce the Overseas Americans Financial Access Act which would implement TAS’s recommenda-tion and exempt Americans from FATCA re-porting if their accounts are held in the same country where they are a bona fide resident. As Members of Congress, it is our duty to represent our constituents’ best interests whether they live in the United States or over-seas. I urge my colleagues to support this bill so that we may fulfill this duty and grant our overseas constituents the relief they need. f 
HONORING WILLIE WRIGHT, SR. 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor the legacy of Mr. Willie Wright, Sr. Mr. Wright, Sr. was born to the union of George Moses Wright and Fannie Cowan Wright. This union was blessed with five beau-tiful children. All of his siblings preceded him in death years ago in New York and Alabama, but God saw fit to leave the baby, ‘‘Willie’’ in Rural Holmes County, Mississippi for eighty- two years. As a child, Willie confessed Christ as his personal savior and united with the Popular Springs C.M.E. Church. Later, he moved to the Lebanon Community and united with the Lebanon Missionary Baptist Church under the leadership of Rev. A. Barron. During the winter season, Mr. Wright, Sr. married Claudie Mae Ware on November 13, 1954. This union was blessed with six chil-dren. Willie wanted his children to leave no task incomplete and often uttered these words to his children: ‘‘Don’t ever stop anything you start. If you don’t plan to finish it, don’t start it.’’ Mr. Wright, Sr. was married with a seventh grade education but went back to school in 1969 to complete his education at Saints In-dustry in the Migrant Farm/Manpower School under the direction of Dr. Arenia C. Mallory. Mr. Wright, Sr. put his six children through their college education. In 1962, Mr. Wright went to work at the Charcoal Plant in Lexington, MS. In 1968, he began his employment with the Holmes Coun-ty School Bus Garage as a Mechanic and continued his employment with the District until his retirement in 2008; an inspiring forty year career. Mr. Wright made free standing metal toys as a hobby that gain bragging rights with all of his co-workers, family and all who saw them. He designed an Electric Chair at the Holmes County Bus Garage and enjoyed plugging it up for all of his friends. Willie and all of his brothers were Blues guitarist and included their dance moves for audiences to enjoy. Al-though his favorite musical instrument was the harmonica, he was a master of them all. Mr. Willie Wright, Sr. will be truly missed and his legacy will continue in the heart of those he left behind: a devoted wife of sixty- two years, Claudie Mae; 6 children: Artha Earl, Robert Lee, Earline (James Zachary), Willie, Jr., Brinda and Charlie Edward; 11 Grand-children: Sammie, Tonya (Jeremy), Stephanie (Jimmie), Robert, Jr., Alvia (Christopher), Aries, Robbie (Sha’marcus), Chauntrell, Jamie, Marcus and Charlie Martez; 7 Great- Grands, 1 sister-in-law, 6 brothers-in-law, nu-merous nieces, nephews and loved ones. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the legacy of Mr. Willie Wright, Sr. for his dedication to the community, friends and his family. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF LIEUTENANT COMMANDER JOHN J. PARMA 
HON. DUNCAN HUNTER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and celebrate the service of Lieu-tenant Commander John J. Parma, who will retire from the United States Navy this month after 21 years of distinguished and faithful service to our nation. Since graduating from class 214 of Basic Underwater Demolition/SEAL training, LCDR Parma has participated in numerous combat missions around the world. His service has taken him from West Africa to Bosnia. Addi-tionally, he has executed many combat special reconnaissance missions behind enemy lines in Afghanistan and sensitive site exploitations in Iraq, which have earned him numerous awards and accolades. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25AP8.015 E25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE533 April 25, 2017 
By his side throughout his successful career and arduous deployments have been his wife, Megan, and their children Madison, Brooklyn, Dominic, and Kennedy. Their love and support has aided and strengthened LCDR Parma throughout his service, and I congratulate them as well on this special occasion. I am proud to share in the celebration of LCDR Parma’s military career, and as he and his family move to this next chapter of his life, I wish LCDR Parma fair winds and following seas as he embarks on his future endeavors. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF POST 67 ON ITS 100TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Lt. Philip V. Lansdale Veterans of Foreign Wars (VFW) Post 67 as they cele-brate the 100th Anniversary of their congres-sional charter. The VFW Post 67 is the sec-ond Post in California to reach their centennial milestone. As they gather tonight for their Centennial Celebration, I would like to honor the members of the VFW Post 67 for the su-perb work they have done on behalf of vet-erans and veteran causes on a national stage and in the Sacramento area. In 1916, 32 veterans who served in the U.S. Army and U.S. Navy chose to continue to serve our country by aiding their veteran brothers and sisters in our region. The Post is named after Lt. Philip V. Lansdale, who served on the U.S. Philadelphia. VFW Post 67 was founded in Sacramento with the noble cause to ensure the war bonuses promised to veterans after World War I, to promote com-radeship, and to improve the well-being of vet-erans and their families. On January 3, 1917, VFW Post 67 was recognized for its efforts and received it congressional charter. VFW Post 67 has had many great leaders in its 100 years. Most notably are the first Post Commander, Mr. William Taylor, and the Sil-ver Star recipient Mr. Darold D. Decoe, Sr. as National Commander in Chief. For a century, The VFW Post 67 has provided support to an abundant amount of veterans and has used its collective voice to advocate for veteran causes. Current members are dedicated to continuing the mission of the VFW Post 67 and continue to be a haven for Sacramento’s veterans. In honoring tonight’s celebration, it is impor-tant to honor all of the important work and contributions to veterans that the VFW Post 67 has helped advanced nationally and in the Sacramento region. The VFW played a major role in the formation of the Veterans Adminis-tration as well as pursuing compensation for Vietnam veterans and fighting for both the 20th and 21st century GI bills. We would like to express gratitude to those involved in Post 67’s diligent service to our country’s veterans and their families. Mr. Speaker, as the members of the VFW Post 67 take part in their centennial celebra-tion, I ask all of my colleagues to join me in honoring them for their astounding service to the veteran community in the Sacramento area. RECOGNIZING MASTER SERGEANT KEARY J. MILLER ON RECEIVING THE AIR FORCE CROSS HON. MATT GAETZ 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to pay tribute to Master Sergeant Keary J. Mil-ler upon being awarded the Air Force Cross, the service’s highest combat medal of valor. While supporting a joint special operations team during the Battle of Roberts Ridge on March 4, 2002, then-Tech. Sgt. Miller saved the lives of ten U.S. service members and as-sisted in the recovery of seven who were killed in action all while facing insurmountable odds and a barrage of heavy enemy fire. The courage shown by this dedicated pararescueman is a true testament of his character. Master Sergeant Miller embodies the selfless commitment to service, sacrifice, and exceptional skill of our Nation’s service members. The entire Northwest Florida community is immensely proud of our area’s tradition of mili-tary service and support for those who wear the uniform. It is a true honor to recognize Master Sergeant Miller upon this most notable distinction. 
f 
CHARLES A. TINDLEY ACCELER-ATED SCHOOL VARSITY BOYS BASKETBALL TEAM 
HON. ANDRE´CARSON 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to offer my congratulations to the Charles A. Tindley Accelerated School Varsity Boys Basketball Team. The Tindley Tigers se-cured the Division 1A Indiana State Boys Bas-ketball Championship on March 25, 2017 at Bankers Life Field House after a 51–49 victory over Lafayette Central Catholic. This is the Tigers first appearance in the state finals and the team made it count by clinching the school’s first state championship in any sport. The game’s last minute shot and stolen inbound pass secured the win for the Tindley Tigers, who were led by Head Coach Bob Wonell. The Tindley Tigers have secured their place in the storied history of Indiana basketball. I extend my congratulations to the student ath-letes, coaching staff, school and our entire In-dianapolis community on their accomplishment this season. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 38TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE TAIWAN RELA-TIONS ACT 
HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the palpable achievements of the Taiwan Relations Act on its 38th Anni-versary. The TRA, which was enacted on April 10, 1979, has and continues to be the critical cornerstone in preserving the relationship be-tween the United States and Taiwan, and in maintaining both the peace and stability of the Taiwan Strait and Taiwan’s democratic exist-ence. The significance of the TRA, as well as the significance of President Reagan’s Six As-surances of 1982, cannot be understated. Regional military buildups confirm the ne-cessity of the TRA and the policy that the United States shall ‘‘make available to Taiwan such defense articles and defense services in such quantity as may be necessary to enable Taiwan to maintain a sufficient self-defense capability.’’ The security interests of our good friend and security partner Taiwan must not be marginalized. The commitments made in the Congressionally-mandated Taiwan Relations Act and President Reagan’s ‘‘Six Assurances’’ can never be compromised. It is my hope that by working with our friends in Taiwan, we can help find the bal-ance necessary for the region. Doing so is yet another way we guarantee Taiwan’s freedom and democracy. Our obligations under the TRA are clear, and I ask my colleagues to join me in working with the Administration in focus-ing on this important issue as this session of Congress continues to unfold. On this 38th Anniversary, I reaffirm my sup-port for the TRA and the Six Assurances, and I wish the people of Taiwan the very best. f 
HONORING ELIZABETH D. EVANS 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor the incredible educa-tor, leader, and public servant, Elizabeth D. Evans. Elizabeth Evans joined the Mississippi Val-ley State University faculty in the fall of 2003 where she currently serves in the Social Sciences Department. She earned a Bachelor of Science Degree in Mathematics from Mis-sissippi Valley State University, where she was commissioned as a Distinguished Grad-uate of the U.S. Air Force Reserve Officer Training Corps (AFROTC) program. She earned a Master of Arts Degree in Public Management from the University of Houston- Clear Lake, Texas, and a Ph.D. degree in Public Policy and Administration from Mis-sissippi State University. Other educational ventures include comple-tion of the Air Force’s three-tier Professional Military Education program (Squadron Officer School, Air Command and Staff College, and Air War College) and Academic Instructor School while serving in the U.S. Air Force. As an assistant professor in the Social Sciences Department and the Public Adminis-tration Program, she teaches freshman through senior level courses, manages the in-ternship program, advises all students in the Public Administration program, and serves as coordinator for the Public Administration pro-gram. Her primary interests are in continuous per-sonal improvement and student achievement. She believes that teaching is more than the giving of information; it is working to ensure 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25AP8.019 E25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE534 April 25, 2017 
learning takes place and students must be en-gaged with exciting instruction, materials, ex-amples, and demonstrations of real world situ-ations to excite their desire to learn and use what they learn for a lifetime. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Elizabeth D. Evans, an Educa-tor, a Leader and Public Servant for her dedi-cation to serving others and giving back to the African American community. 
f 
RECOGNIZING BRET MANLEY 
HON. JEFF DENHAM 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Bret Manley and thank him for his years of dedicated service. Born and raised in San Dimas, California, Bret went on to attend the University of Cali-fornia, Berkeley Walter A. Haas School of Business. At the University, he served as the President of the Berkeley College Repub-licans, was a member of Phi Delta Theta, Order of Omega, the National Society of Col-legiate Scholars, and the Associated Students of the University of California. Bret began his career in public service as an intern in Rep-resentative Gary Miller’s office, where he was hired shortly after. Always a hard worker, Bret quickly rose through the ranks, becoming a legislative assistant and then a financial serv-ices policy advisor for Representative Miller. Prior to leaving Representative Miller’s office, Bret was recognized as one of Capitol Hill’s 50 Most Beautiful in 2010. For the last six years, Bret has been a guid-ing figure in my office as Legislative Director. He has helped introduce 43 individual pieces of legislation, five of which were ushered into law. Thanks to Bret, you can now ride with your pet on AMTRAK and the federal govern-ment can more easily sell excess properties, relieving American taxpayers of government waste. He was instrumental in orchestrating the first Congressional hearing at the Old Post Office, which led to a long term lease of the building, eventually becoming the Trump Inter-national Hotel. A champion of conservative values, he’s also led the fight to keep the California High Speed Rail project transparent and account-able, while also managing a diverse portfolio of issues including financial services, immigra-tion, economics, and transportation and infra-structure. He has worked tirelessly in his role as my chief advisor during my tenure as Chairman of the House Subcommittee on Rail-roads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Materials. He was instrumental with policy formulations and the eventual passage of the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act, Positive Train Control, and the Protecting our Infrastructure of Pipelines and Enhancing Safety Act, among many others. In addition, Bret also served as manager and coach at the biennial Congres-sional Football Game for Charity. Although it is clear Bret doesn’t mind the grueling pace of Capitol Hill, he can often be found on the golf course or singing lead vocals and playing guitar for his band, Full Fifth, self-described as ‘‘the most fun you’ll have in public.’’ In addition to work and his seemingly endless list of hobbies, Bret is also a Lieutenant in the US Navy Reserves and has proudly served our country for the last six years. His departure signifies a great change within my office. As my chief policy advisor, Bret was integral to all aspects of our day-to-day oper-ations, from managing the legislative team to coordinating with the communications staff. Al-though we will miss him greatly, Team Denham wishes him the best in his next en-deavor and I look forward to working with him in his new role at the Association of American Railroads, where he will continue his work in transportation. Mr. Speaker, please join me in applauding Bret Manley for his unrelenting service and recognizing his great achievements during his time here in the House of Representatives. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 20TH AN-NIVERSARY OF BREAUX VINE-YARDS 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Breaux Vineyards of Purcellville, Virginia on the occasion of its 20th Anniver-sary celebration. Situated on a 404-acre estate overlooking the beautiful valley between the Blue Ridge and Short Hill Mountains, Breaux Vineyards has for several years been voted Virginia’s fa-vorite winery because of its absolute commit-ment to excellence in the wines it produces and the hospitality that it extends to all of its guests. Breaux Vineyards wines have a superior international reputation, having placed among the winners in more than 100 regional, na-tional, and international competitions. While Breaux Vineyards is also recognized as a first-rate venue for weddings and cor-porate meetings, I am grateful that the warm hospitality of the Breaux family and staff daily extends to my constituents residing in Loudoun County and northern Virginia. Often using the expression ‘‘No reservation or RSVP required,’’ the vineyard invites local people and visiting tourists, including children and pets, to regularly enjoy the diverse events that take place there each year, including the Fourth Fridays activities that feature live enter-tainment, the annual Dog Day celebration, the Cajun Festival that is in its 20th year, and other regularly scheduled events. In addition, Breaux Vineyards offers itself as a venue for various local charity events, including the 3rd Annual Corks for a Cause that on May 19th of this year will be benefitting the Loudoun Child Advocacy Center, a program of the Loudoun Abused Women’s Shelter. I am pleased to report that the wine industry in Virginia has grown so rapidly that the Com-monwealth is now the fifth largest state for viti-culture in the nation, with annual sales of close to $1 billion. I am also pleased that Loudoun County has contributed to this suc-cess as the location of 44 of Virginia’s 280 wineries, the most of any county in the Com-monwealth, and that Breaux Vineyards, through its commitment to the quality of its wines and its hospitality, has been an extraor-dinary leader in our wine industry. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in applauding Breaux Vineyards for reaching this 20 year milestone and wish CEO Paul Breaux, Jr., Vice President Jennifer Breaux, and the entire Breaux Vineyard team contin-ued phenomenal success in all of their future endeavors. f 
RECOGNIZING MOLLY ORTEGA FOR HER LIFETIME OF SERVICE 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Molly Ortega who is retiring after almost 35 years of federal service. Ms. Ortega has worked for decades at the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) to ensure these vital agencies have the resources and staff they need to keep us safe. Ms. Ortega has utilized her decades of agency experience and insights to improve the safety of civil aviation in our region. She pro-vided support and guidance to the manage-ment team in the staffing and training of es-sential personnel at TSA, and prior to that she was employed at the FAA for nearly two dec-ades, working in multiple positions. I am proud to have such dedicated civil servants in my community that set an example for future gen-erations. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Ms. Or-tega for her dedication to the safety of trav-elers and passengers in our region. I con-gratulate her on a well-earned retirement and wish her luck in her future endeavors. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE 2017 EN-LISTEES FROM FLORIDA’S 20TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor 41 high school seniors from Florida’s 20th Congressional district, who have chosen to enlist in the United States Armed Forces. Of these 41 fine young people, 14 have joined the United States Army, to include: Wil-liam Bethel, Cameron Clayton, Javier Her-nandez, Cassidy Anderson, Mack Cromer II, Derly Dormeus, Benjamin Gacel, Clayton Gib-son, Ryan Golubovic, Tyler Grove, Ryan Julien, Corey Pritchett, Sean Riley and Julio Alvarez. Seventeen have joined the United States Marine Corps, to include: Jason Marquez, Cristal Verdugo, Patrick Rhoden, Maikel Suarez, Kathy Sylvestre, Henry Rivera, Albert Londono, Lindel Coffie, Maya Colson, Weston Boyd, Nicolas Franco, Errohl Cruz, John Osegueda, Jonathan Thompson, Caitlin Silva, Melissa Edwards and Pierre Chery. Five have joined the United States Navy, to include: Jade Apolo-Hecker, Miguel Scott, Brit-tany Stewart, Shinequah Stone and Ofelia Velasquez. Four have joined the United States Army National Guard, to include: Cobe Pate, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25AP8.024 E25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE535 April 25, 2017 
Adamary Hernandez, Melissa Gutierrez and Moises Fernandez. Thanks to the dedication of patriots such as these, we are able to meet here today, in the United States House of Representatives, and openly debate the best solutions to the diverse issues that confront our nation. On behalf of myself and all my constituents in Florida’s 20th Congressional district, I thank them for their service. I wish them the very best of luck now and in their future. 
f 
HONORING JACK WALSH, RECIPI-ENT OF THE 2017 CHARLES H. FLYNN HUMANITARIAN AWARD 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, it is my great honor to join the communities of the Naugatuck Valley as they pay tribute to the outstanding and incalculable contributions of Jack Walsh by honoring him with the 47th An-nual Charles H. Flynn Humanitarian Award. The oldest award of its kind, this prestigious honor is bestowed each year to a member of the Valley community in recognition of their lifetime commitment to service. A life-long resident of Derby, Connecticut, Jack dedicated his personal and professional life to enriching the many communities of the Naugatuck Valley and improving the quality of life for all of its residents. Jack began his ca-reer as a teacher in Shelton and Derby, a high school basketball coach in Shelton, and the Director of the Derby Recreation Camp. In each of these roles, Jack helped to shape the hearts and minds of the next generations of Valley residents, ensuring that they had ac-cess to educational opportunities and provided a strong foundation on which to build their fu-ture success. In 1989, Jack began his tenure as President & CEO of the Valley United Way—a career which spanned nearly thirty years until his re-tirement just last November. Under his tenure the organization grew as a community re-source with the addition of the Youth Leader-ship Program, the Volunteer Action Center, and the partner Agency Council, which has since expanded to become the Valley Council for Health & Human Services. Jack also helped to spearhead the Valley’s successful effort in the All-America City competition. In addition to his professional contributions, Jack is an active member of the community. His seemingly innumerable titles include Chair of the Electronic Valley project, President of the Board of Directors at the Derby Neck Li-brary, member and past president of both the Derby/Shelton Rotary Club and the Ancient Order of Hibernians, past President of the Board of Directors for the Derby Historical So-ciety and former member of the board of di-rectors for the Hallock’s Landing Senior Hous-ing Project. He served on the Valley Advisory Committee for the Community Foundation for Greater New Haven, is a Corporator for Griffin Hospital and a member and past Co-chair of the Citizens Advisory Committee for the Yale/ Griffin Prevention Resource Center. Jack is a member of the Board of Directors for the On-line Journalism Project, the parent organiza-tion for the Valley Independent Sentinel as well as one of the founders and a committee member for the Commodore Hull Thanksgiving Day 5K Road Race. Past Chair of Derby’s Park & Recreation Commission, current Chair of the City’s Greenway Committee, as well as co-Chair of the Naugatuck River Greenway Committee, his efforts have changed the very face of the Naugatuck Valley. Jack’s incredible service has been recog-nized by many over the years with a myriad of awards and commendations. He is recipient of the Greater Valley Chamber of Commerce’s Gold Seal Award, the Lewis Savitsky Staff Ex-cellence Award, the Hazel Knapp Award for regional leadership as well as the Derby His-torical Society’s Dr. John I. Howe Award just to name a few. He was named to the Boys & Girls Club of the Lower Naugatuck Valley Alumni Association Hall of Fame and honored by the Lower Naugatuck Valley Bar Associa-tion with their Liberty Bell Award. The YMCA presented him with their Strong Community Builder Award and the Women and Heart Dis-ease Committee at Griffin Hospital presented him with their ‘‘Caring Heart’’ Award. Tonight, marking his lifetime of service, Jack Walsh is presented with the Charles H. Flynn Humanitarian Award—and I cannot think of a more deserving individual to recognize for their commitment, dedication, and extraor-dinary good work. I am honored to join the communities of the Naugatuck Valley in thank-ing Jack for his unparalleled public service— his is a legacy that will not soon be matched and most certainly will continue to inspire service in others for generations to come. 
f 
HONORING RAYMOND RANGERS BOYS BASKETBALL TEAM 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor the Raymond Rangers Boys Basketball Team, from my District, on the victory over Leake Central Boys Basketball Team in the Mississippi Boys Class 4A Cham-pionship Game (52–46). I would like to recognize the team beginning with the coaching staff; Head Coach Robert Green, and the Assistant Coach, Terrell An-derson. Because of their hard work and dedi-cation, the Rangers’ 23–5 record has captured their second state championship in the school’s history, and first state title (2017 Dis-trict 3–4A Champions), since 1999. The players’ teamwork and athletic abilities are also evident with this victory. The players are: Keyundrea Downs, Tremayne Watts, Keivonte Watts, Tavian Coleman, Cameron Woodall, Jiris Killingsworth, DeMarius Daniels, SharDarrion Allen, TraDavis Thompson, JeKeivious Williams, Girrod Harris, Jared Keyes, Alvin Brown and Jakorie Smith. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating one of the basketball teams in my district, Raymond Rangers Boys Basket-ball Team. RECOGNIZING STAFF SERGEANT CHRISTOPHER G. BARADAT ON RECEIVING THE AIR FORCE CROSS HON. MATT GAETZ 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to pay tribute to Staff Sergeant Christopher G. Baradat upon being awarded the Air Force Cross, the service’s highest combat medal of valor. During his third deployment, Staff Sergeant Baradat called in close air support from A–10 Thunderbolt II fighter jets and AC–130 gunships while exposing himself directly to enemy gunfire. His efforts resulted in the safe-ty and rescue of 150 troops and the destruc-tion of 50 enemy and 13 separate fighting po-sitions. The courage shown by this dedicated Spe-cial Tactics Airman is a true testament of his character. Staff Sergeant Baradat embodies the selfless commitment to service, sacrifice, and exceptional skill of our Nation’s service members. The entire Northwest Florida community is immensely proud of our areas tradition of mili-tary service and support for those who wear the uniform. It is a true honor to recognize Staff Sergeant Baradat upon this most notable distinction. 
f 
HONORING THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF ELLA FITZGERALD 
HON. ROBERT C. ‘‘BOBBY’’ SCOTT 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor ‘‘The First Lady of Song’’, Ella Fitzgerald on her 100th birthday. Born on April 25, 1917 in Newport News, Virginia, Ella Jane Fitzgerald went on to define Jazz music for more than half a century. Fitzgerald’s career first began when she per-formed at an amateur night contest at the Apollo Theater in 1934. She was just 17 years old and received first place. After overcoming a tumultuous childhood, Fitzgerald recorded her first major hit, ‘‘A-Tisket A-Tasket,’’ in 1938 just four short years after her appear-ance at the Apollo Theater. In 1958, during the inaugural Grammy Awards, Fitzgerald won best jazz performance and best female vocal performance. Remem-bered for her humble demeanor, effortless stage presence, and inventive voice, Fitz-gerald recorded more than 200 albums in her lifetime and sold over 40 million records. Dur-ing her impressive and lengthy career, Fitz-gerald worked with many other great jazz art-ists of the time including Duke Ellington, Nat King Cole, Frank Sinatra, and Dizzy Gillespie. Ella Fitzgerald won 13 Grammy’s during her lifetime, and was awarded the National Medal of Arts by President Ronald Reagan in 1987 and the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President George H.W. Bush in 1992. Mr. Speaker, although Ella Fitzgerald is no longer here with us, her music is still cele-brated throughout the world, especially in her 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25AP8.028 E25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE536 April 25, 2017 
birthplace of Newport News, Virginia, and I hope that it continues to inspire well beyond her 100th Birthday. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MAYOR DAVID K. PENDERGRASS 
HON. JIMMY PANETTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize David Pendergrass, the Mayor of Sand City, on his retirement after serving as mayor for thirty-five years. As an outstanding citizen and public servant, Mayor Pendergrass made a significant impact on the lives of citizens and the business community in Sand City in his four decades of public service. As Mayor, he has achieved high praise for his accomplishments in the local, regional and business community on the Central Coast. In addition to his time as mayor, David was a professional artist and illustrator. He also had a thirty-two-year tenure working for the United States Army Training Division, in the Direc-torate of Plans, Training, and Mobilization Support Center. Mayor Pendergrass entered public service in 1978 and twice served as Chair of the Mon-terey Peninsula Water Management District. Further, he served on the Fort Ord Reuse Au-thority, the Monterey-Salinas Transit Board of Directors, the Regional Taxi Authority, the Monterey Peninsula Regional Water Authority and the Association of Monterey Area Govern-ments. During his tenure, Mayor Pendergrass has turned Sand City into a hub of economic and commercial activity. The accomplishments he has made to the Central Coast community will be felt for generations. His involvement in local and regional governance has provided a positive economic impact to the local business sector. As Mayor, he has worked diligently on the challenging issue of water supply quantity and quality for the Monterey Peninsula. He also provided leadership in the community effort to deal with the closure of Fort Ord and establish CSU Monterey Bay. Mayor Pendergrass has deep roots in the community by raising three children, fourteen grandchildren, and one great-grandchild. I am proud of the mayor’s many personal and professional accomplish-ments. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to recognize the dedication and hard work Mayor Pendergrass has given to Sand City and the Central Coast region. I ask my distinguished colleagues to join me in recognizing Mayor Pendergrass and to congratulate him on his well-earned retirement. 
f 
IN HONOR OF DETECTIVE BRENT AKIN 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today, I am honored to recognize and thank Brent Akin for his selfless commitment to the safety and well-being of the Montgomery County commu-nity. On April 30th, Detective Akin of the Mont-gomery County Sheriffs Department will enter a well-deserved retirement after almost thirty years of dedicated public service. A native Texan, Brent was born and raised in Houston by his parents, JoAnn and Row-land Akin. Together with his five siblings: Joe, Ricky, Bill, Deronda, and Rowland, Brent grew up in the Houston community. In 1983, Brent married the love of his life, Catherine Parada and, two years later, packed their belongings and moved to The Woodlands, TX where they have resided ever since. In 1987, Brent and Catherine welcomed a beautiful daughter, Emily, who has blessed them with a son-in- law, Stephen Richards, and a grandson, Noah. Brent officially began his career in law en-forcement when he graduated from the t po-lice academy in 1987. Just one year later, he joined the Montgomery County Sheriff’s De-partment, where he has served for nearly thir-ty years, working under five sheriffs. Most re-cently, Brent works as a Detective, but during his many years of distinguished service, he held various positions within the department as a Patrol Officer and Internal Affairs Officer. Throughout his career, Brent has helped countless members of our community con-ducting criminal investigations, providing secu-rity for community events, and patrolling the cities and roads of Montgomery County. Brent has worked to solve many high profile cases, including the 1999 Wanda Pitts murder case. His close attention to detail, perseverance, commitment to the law and serving his com-munity is evident in every case he has worked on. Brent has honorably dedicated himself to Montgomery County as is evidenced by count-less first-hand accounts and the many com-mendations he has received, such as the Pub-lic Safety Hero Award in 2009. I am pleased to join Brent’s family friends, the citizens of Montgomery County, and the entire Eighth Congressional District of Texas to give thanks and wish him well as he begins his retirement. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. JAY TAMSI 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Mr. Jay Tamsi for his dedicated commu-nity service and to congratulate him for being selected as the Grand Marshal of the Cinco de Mayo Fiesta in Delano, California. Mr. Tamsi was born August 17, 1978 in Ba-kersfield, California to his parents, Olivia and Jimmy Tamsi. Mr. Tamsi has strong Kern County roots, having attended Cecil Avenue Middle School in Delano, Delano High School, and later the California State University, Ba-kersfield, where he graduated in 2001 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Communications and Marketing. As the President and Chief Executive Offi-cer of Kern County Hispanic Chamber of Commerce and a successful business owner of his own company, Tamsi Consulting Serv-ices, Jay has been generous in giving back to his local community. A strong man of God, Jay serves as a member at St. Mary’s Catho-lic Church in Delano and was responsible for organizing the induction of rites celebration for Father Loji Pilones as the new priest of St. Mary’s. Jay was an organizer for the St. Mary’s Thanksgiving Community Feed, where he helped provide meals for less fortunate families during the holidays. His community service extends past his par-ish; Mr. Tamsi works as the Director on sev-eral community boards including the Greater Area Delano Youth Foundation and the Phil-ippine Weekend Executive Committee. He is also a Lifetime Member of Delano Harvest Holidays. Mr. Tamsi’s love of service and community involvement extended into his cre-ation of the only Filipino Hall in the State of California, which works to promote Filipinos’ needs in the community. Mr. Tamsi is being honored as the Grand Marshal of the Cinco de Mayo Fiesta of his home city of Delano, California, which holds one of the largest and oldest celebrations in the United States. This high honor is being be-stowed upon a great man who has spent countless hours helping his community and neighbors. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in thanking Mr. Jay Tamsi for his years of community service and congratulating him on being the Grand Marshal of the Cinco de Mayo Fiesta in Delano. f 
HONORING MILLS ACADEMY 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable organi-zation, Mills Academy. With Mississippi schools mandating funda-mental tests for kindergarten through third grade students to pass in order to advance to the next grade, one woman has made it her mission to help the children in the Greenville Public School District. Airnecia Mills, founder and director of Mills Academy, an after-school tutoring program for students in pre-K all the way through college, has started a free third- grade reading comprehension program in an effort to prepare area children for upcoming state tests. ‘‘We’re encouraging students to read passages and comprehend what the questions are asking them with the same strategies they will be tested on,’’ Mills said. Last year, all of Mills’ third-graders passed the reading gate and many of her students showed exceptional growth in their star lit-eracy and reading test, she said. Aside from the reading program, Mills Academy provides after-school help for students in pre-k through 12th grade from 4:00–8:00 p.m. every week-day. While helping students to enhance their educational experience, the academy focuses on promoting academic achievement, devel-oping stronger academic skills, test-taking and studying skills. Homework assistance, test prep and tutorials are given to students after school to help eliminate the illiteracy in the community. Mills started this program towards the end of 2015 and her family was super supportive 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25AP8.032 E25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE537 April 25, 2017 
of her. Mills is a graduate of Greenville Wes-ton High School and Alcorn State University, where she received a bachelor’s degree in el-ementary education with a special education and reading endorsement. She was an educator in the public school district and realized there was a need for extra help for students in the after-school extended program. With more than 20 students enrolled, Mills said she hopes to continue the growth of the academy and wants to be able to make a big-ger impact. ‘‘I really believe I can make an im-pact in children’s lives and I want to see growth in them. One of my main goals is to see how I helped that child. I am very pas-sionate about education because it’s the key to success,’’ Mills said. While Mills’ focus right now is on the third- grade reading test, she also helps students prepare for the ACT. ‘‘I had one student to go from a 16 to an 18, and he was preparing to get into nursing school and that was his main focus,’’ she said. Parents in the community have been very supportive of her mission and have partici-pated in many of the Mills Academy events, which include: fundraisers, paint classes, movie nights for the kids and even an event for Dr. Seuss’ birthday that the parents and community supports,’’ she said. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mills Academy for its dedication to serving and giving back to the community. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE KIWANIS CLUB OF ELKHART ON CELE-BRATING 100 YEARS OF SERVICE 
HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Kiwanis Club of Elkhart on celebrating 100 years of service. In 1917, the 36th Kiwanis Club was formed in Elkhart, Indiana. Since then, this incredible unit of volunteers and local leaders has been dedicated to improving the lives of children around the world and right here at home. Kiwanis Clubs around the country and across the globe aim to encourage, support, and inspire local youth to make a difference in their communities. From rebuilding schools to hosting food drives, Kiwanians are serving others while learning to work together and find positive solutions to society’s most challenging problems. The commitment of Elkhart Kiwanis to serv-ing our community is demonstrated by its sig-nature program, Knowledge is Dynamite—or KID—Day. Twice a year, they honor a group of local fourth grade students who have dem-onstrated perseverance and personal growth. Over the last 30 years, they have recognized the achievements of more than 1,300 students and inspired countless more to set and strive toward meaningful goals. The longstanding tradition of volunteerism and leadership runs strong in the Kiwanis members in Elkhart. I am incredibly grateful for the positive role this organization has played in making our community a better place. When children are empowered to break through obstacles and help those in need, anything is possible. Children are safer, healthier, and happier because of the hard work and determination of Kiwanians. Thanks to the Kiwanis Club, our future is in good hands. The impressive growth and charitable reach of the Kiwanis Club of Elkhart is a true reflec-tion of the hardworking Hoosier spirit its mem-bers embody. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of Indiana’s 2nd Dis-trict, I want to thank the Kiwanis Club of Elk-hart for continuing to provide such a remark-able opportunity for children and young adults to challenge themselves and fight for worthy causes in their own neighborhoods and on the global stage. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF PORTUGUESE IMMIGRANT WEEK 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the 50th Anniversary of Por-tuguese Immigrant Week. As members of the Portuguese community in the Sacramento re-gion celebrate and gather today, I ask my col-leagues to join me in honoring them and their long history and contributions to our region and country. California was discovered by Portuguese explorer Joao Rodrigues Cabrillo in 1542. Centuries later, in the mid-1800s, Portuguese immigrants made new roots for their families setting in our state—many owned, operated, or worked on a dairy farm or in the dairy-re-lated industry. Throughout the many decades, the Portuguese communities in California have made a great effort to preserve their culture and identity. The Portuguese communities and their members contribute many services to the local community and they are always striving to uphold the values that the Portuguese com-munity holds dear. Fifty years ago, recognizing their contributions, then Governor Ronald Reagan declared the second week of March as ‘‘Portuguese Immigrant Week’’. We cele-brate the long history of the Portuguese com-munity in our region. The community in Sac-ramento continues to share their rich and beautiful heritage and we will continue to cele-brate their influence in our region. Mr. Speaker, as members of our community gather to celebrate the outstanding contribu-tions of our Portuguese families, I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring them for their dedication. 
f 
BEN DAVIS HIGH SCHOOL VARSITY BOYS BASKETBALL TEAM 
HON. ANDRE´CARSON 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, today I rise before you to offer a word of congratula-tions to the Ben Davis High School Varsity Boys Basketball Team. The Giants captured the Division 4A Indiana State Boys Basketball Championship on March 25, 2017 at Bankers Life Field House in Indianapolis after a 55–52 win over Fort Wayne North Side. This team’s achievements would not have been possible without, Head Coach Mark James, who is in his 35th year coaching the Giants and boasted that ‘‘it’s been a team ef-fort all year.’’ The entire team, including the players, coaches, managers and fans should be proud of their record, including a 14 game winning streak, and for bringing their school a third championship. Winning a state championship is reaching the pinnacle of basketball and the entire Indi-anapolis community is proud to celebrate their accomplishments this season. f 
RECOGNIZING THE PENSACOLA BLUE WAHOOS BASEBALL TEAM 
HON. MATT GAETZ 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Pensacola Blue Wahoos Baseball Team, in Northwest Florida. In 2016, the Southern League of Professional Baseball Clubs an-nounced the Wahoos as the winners of the ‘‘Community Service Award’’. In addition, the Director of Sports Turf Man-agement for the Blue Wahoos, Ray Sayre, was named the ‘‘Groundskeeper of the Year’’ for the fourth consecutive season. The team members have demonstrated a profound dedication to their community by par-ticipating in activities that directly benefit and uplift the Pensacola area. The Wahoos’ outreach has helped such or-ganizations as the Epilepsy Foundation of Northwest Florida, Autism Pensacola, the United Way, the National Alliance of Mental Ill-ness, and many more. Working with the Studer Community Insti-tute, through such programs as ‘‘Kazoo’s Grand Slam Reading Program’’, the team has highlighted the priority of Early Childhood Edu-cation; this program reached over 9,000 stu-dents and parents in 2016. The Blue Wahoos have a long history of taking an active role in their community. In 2012, their unwavering support and involve-ment resulted in them being named the ‘‘Southern League Organization of the Year’’, ‘‘Ballpark Digest’s Organization of the Year’’, and ‘‘Ballpark of the Year’’ by Baseballparks.com. The tradition of excellence has continued since 2013, when the team was named ‘‘Sta-dium Journey’s Best Minor League Ballpark Experience’’; and again, awarded the ‘‘South-ern League Community Service Award’’. Since then, the Blue Wahoos have won many awards from a multitude of organizations be-cause of their selfless contributions to the Pensacola area. I would like to personally thank all of the past and present members of the Blue Wa-hoos, as well as all of the employees who par-ticipate and provide support for the team and community events. I would also like to thank Quint Studer and his team for providing the leadership that supports this remarkable coop-erative contribution. On behalf of the United States Congress, I am honored to recognize the Pensacola Blue Wahoos Baseball Team for their continuous devotion to enhancing their community and for their contribution to an immeasurable positive 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25AP8.036 E25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE538 April 25, 2017 
impact that has occurred because of each team member’s exceptional character. It is with great pride that I recognize and thank them for all that they do. 
f 
HONORING MR. CARL TART 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor an intuitive and self- motivated young man, Mr. Carl Tart. Carl Tart is a 2016 graduate of Yazoo City High School, finishing number 3 of 127 in his class, with a 4.03 GPA and an ACT score of 25. He chose to continue his education ap-proximately 151 miles north of Yazoo City at the University of Mississippi, where he is pur-suing a bachelor’s degree in Secondary Science Education. He plans to return to Yazoo City to teach at his alma mater. Carl is the recipient of the Ole Miss Aca-demic Excellence Scholarship, Mississippi Boy’s State Delegate scholarship, the Bledsoe Academic Award, the Mississippi Star Student Scholarship and the King’s Memorial Scholar-ship for students in the School of Education. He is also the recipient of three local scholar-ships: the Yazoo County Conventions and Visitors Bureau Scholarship, the Yazoo Com-munity Scholarship and the Community Solu-tions of Mississippi Scholarship. He is also the recipient of the Robert Ben Williams Minority Scholarship Endowment, which supports scholarship awarded for academic excellence and provides assistance for young Mississip-pians. Being the first Fund to be established by the university’s African American alumni, the scholarship is named after Yazoo City Na-tive Ben Williams, known as ‘‘Gentle Ben’’, who was the first African American football player at Ole Miss. Carl has joined various organizations includ-ing the Ole Miss Black Student Union, Teach-ers of Tomorrow, and holding the position as Events Coordinator for the FASTrack, LLC. He plans to start his own organization in the spring that supports no-kill animal shelters and pet adoption agencies. He has also worked on the campaigns of the reigning Homecoming Queen MK Phillips and Miss Ole Miss Acacia Santos. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Carl Tart for his desire for aca-demic excellence. f 
JORDAN CHEEK WINS 2016 RE-SERVE WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP YOUTH TITLE 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Jordan Cheek of Needville, TX, for winning the 2016 Reserve World Cham-pionship Youth Title in the American Quarter Horse Association’s Versatility Ranch Horse World show. The show took place at the Houston Live-stock & Rodeo, where Jordan and her horse, Irish Cowboy, competed in ranch riding, ranch trail, reining, cutting, conformation halter, and working cow work. Jordan has been riding horses since the age of three and showing since she was eight. She competes in eques-trian drill team, halter, English performance, western performance, reining, and speed events. Eight years ago, she also began judg-ing horse competitions. After graduating from Needville High School, Jordan plans to pursue a nursing program at Texas Tech University. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Jordan for winning the 2016 Reserve World Championship Youth Title. We are proud of her hard work and look forward to her future success. 
f 
KATY SIBLINGS COMPETE AT DRIVE, CHIP AND PUTT NA-TIONAL FINALS 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Maye and Treed Huang of Katy, TX, for qualifying and competing at the Drive, Chip and Putt National Finals at the Augusta National Golf Club in GA. Maye brought home a national champion-ship by winning the girls 7–9 division, while Treed tied for fourth in the 12–13 boys divi-sion. This is Treed’s second time competing at this prestigious competition, having won the 7–9 boys division in 2014. Each division in-cluded 10 competitors, where they received points based on their performance in the driv-ing, chipping and putting categories. To qual-ify, Maye and Treed had to compete at a local qualifier, one of 50 sub-regional competitions, and one of 10 regionals. Only 80 competed in the junior competition. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Maye and Treed Huang for their stellar per-formances at the Drive, Chip and Putt National Finals. We’re proud of their hard work and look forward to seeing them play at Augusta again—at the Masters. f 
BEST WISHES TO PEARLAND POLICE CHIEF J.C. DOYLE 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 25, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Chief J.C. Doyle of Pearland, TX, for his distinguished service with the Pearland Police Department. Chief Doyle is retiring after 38 years of service. A lifetime Pearland resident, Chief Doyle joined the Pearland Police Department in 1979. He has worked as a detective, a patrol sergeant and as the commander for a multi- agency Special Weapons and Tactics Team. He was the Assistant Chief of Police from 1994 until 1999, when he was appointed Chief of Police. He’s the longest-serving police Chief in the department and has been an integral part of keeping the Pearland community safe. We wish him an enjoyable and happy retire-ment. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, I wanted again to thank Chief Doyle for his dedicated public service. All of Pearland has benefitted from his commitment to safety and we thank him. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25AP8.040 E25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D445 Tuesday, April 25, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2499–S2538 Measures Introduced: Seventeen bills and seven resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 925–941, S.J. Res. 41, and S. Res. 138–143.
          Pages S2530–31 
Measures Reported: S.J. Res. 41, providing for an exception to the limitation on the appointment of certain persons as the United States Trade Representative. 
                                                                                    Pages S2527–28 
Measures Passed: 41st Division 100th Anniversary: Committee on Armed Services was discharged from further consid-eration of S. Res. 105, recognizing 2017 as the 100th anniversary of the creation of the 41st Divi-sion, and the resolution was then agreed to. 
                                                                                    Pages S2535–36 
National 9-1-1 Education Month: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consider-ation of S. Res. 122, designating April 2017 as ‘‘Na-tional 9-1-1 Education Month’’, and the resolution was then agreed to.
                                           Pages S2535–36 
National Congenital Diaphragmatic Hernia Awareness Month: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 128, designating April 2017 as ‘‘National Congenital Di-aphragmatic Hernia Awareness Month’’, and the res-olution was then agreed to.
                          Pages S2535–36 
Second Chance Month: Committee on the Judici-ary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 129, designating April 2017 as ‘‘Second Chance Month’’, and the resolution was then agreed to. 
                                                                                    Pages S2535–36 
Entry of the United States into World War I: Committee on Foreign Relations was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 130, expressing gratitude and appreciation for the entry of the United States into World War I, and the resolution was then agreed to.
                                           Pages S2535–36 
National Crime Victims’ Rights Week: Com-mittee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 131, supporting the mission and goals of National Crime Victims’ Rights Week in 2017, which include increasing public awareness of the rights, needs, and concerns of, and services available to assist, victims and survivors of crime in the United States, and the resolution was then agreed to.                                                               Pages S2535–36 
Congratulating the University of North Caro-lina Tar Heels NCAA Men’s Basketball National Champions: Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation was discharged from further consider-ation of S. Res. 133, congratulating the University of North Carolina Tar Heels basketball team for winning the 2016–2017 National Collegiate Ath-letic Association men’s basketball national cham-pionship, and the resolution was then agreed to. 
                                                                                    Pages S2535–36 
Parkinson’s Awareness Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 140, supporting the designation of April 2017 as ‘‘Parkinson’s Awareness Month’’.
     Page S2536 
Congratulating the University of South Caro-lina NCAA Women’s Basketball National Cham-pions: Senate agreed to S. Res. 141, congratulating the University of South Carolina women’s basketball team for winning the 2017 National Collegiate Ath-letic Association Division I Women’s Basketball Tournament Championship.
                                 Page S2536 
Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State Uni-versity Tragic Events 10th Anniversary: Senate agreed to S. Res. 142, commemorating the 10th an-niversary of the tragic events at Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University on April 16, 2007. 
                                                                                            Page S2536 
Appointments: Alyce Spotted Bear and Walter Soboleff Com-mission on Native Children: The Chair, on behalf of the Democratic Leader, in consultation with the Vice Chairperson of the Committee on Indian Af-fairs, pursuant to the provisions of Public Law 114–244, appointed the following individual to serve as a member of the Alyce Spotted Bear and Walter Soboleff Commission on Native Children: Tami DeCoteau of North Dakota.
                    Page S2536 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25AP7.REC D25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD446 April 25, 2017 
Acosta Nomination—Agreement: Senate contin-ued consideration the nomination of R. Alexander Acosta, of Florida, to be Secretary of Labor. 
                                                                                            Page S2518 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination at approximately 9:30 a.m., on Wednesday, April 26, 2017, with the time until 11:30 a.m. equally di-vided in the usual form; and that notwithstanding the provisions of Rule XXII, the vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination occur at 11:30 a.m.
                                                                                   Page S2536 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: By 94 yeas to 6 nays (Vote No. EX. 114), Rod J. Rosenstein, of Maryland, to be Deputy Attorney General.
                                                     Pages S2500–18, S2538 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Kari A. Bingen, of Virginia, to be a Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense. Robert Daigle, of Virginia, to be Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation, Department of Defense. Robert Story Karem, of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense. Kenneth P. Rapuano, of Virginia, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of Defense. Scott P. Brown, of New Hampshire, to be Ambas-sador to New Zealand, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Independent State of Samoa. John J. Sullivan, of Maryland, to be Deputy Sec-retary of State. Stephen Elliott Boyd, of Alabama, to be an Assist-ant Attorney General. Lee Francis Cissna, of Maryland, to be Director of United States Citizenship and Immigration Services, Department of Homeland Security. Routine lists in the Foreign Service. 
                                                                                    Pages S2536–38 
Nomination Withdrawn: Senate received notifica-tion of withdrawal of the following nomination: Todd M. Ricketts, of Illinois, to be Deputy Sec-retary of Commerce, which was sent to the Senate on January 20, 2017.
                                                     Page S2538 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S2523–27 
Petitions and Memorials:                                    Page S2527 
Executive Reports of Committees:       Pages S2528–30 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2531–32 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S2532–35 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S2521–23 Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S2535 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S2535 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—114)
                                                                Page S2518 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 5:44 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Wednes-day, April 26, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2536.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
U.S. ASSISTANCE FOR EGYPT Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs concluded a hearing to examine United States assistance for Egypt, after receiving testimony from Elliott Abrams, Council on Foreign Relations, New York, New York; and Michele Dunne, Carnegie Endow-ment for International Peace, and Tom Malinowski, former Assistant Secretary of State for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, both of Washington, D.C. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Armed Services: Committee ordered favor-ably reported 5,550 nominations in the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine Corps. ASIA-PACIFIC POLICY AND STRATEGY Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine policy and strategy in the Asia- Pacific, after receiving testimony from Kelly E. Magsamen, former Principal Deputy Assistant Sec-retary of Defense for Asian and Pacific Security Af-fairs; Victor D. Cha, Center for Strategic and Inter-national Studies; Aaron L. Friedberg, Princeton Uni-versity; and Ashley J. Tellis, Carnegie Endowment for International Peace. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Finance: Committee ordered favorably reported the following business items: An original joint resolution providing for an ex-ception to the limitation on the appointment of cer-tain persons as the United States Trade Representa-tive; and The nomination of Robert Lighthizer, of Florida, to be United States Trade Representative, with the rank of Ambassador. THE CRISIS IN LIBYA Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the crisis in Libya, focusing on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25AP7.REC D25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D447 April 25, 2017 
next steps and United States policy options, after re-ceiving testimony from Frederic Wehrey, Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, Washington, D.C.; and Deborah K. Jones, former United States Ambassador to Libya, McLean, Virginia. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine intellectual property, focusing on making our lives healthier, safer, and more produc-tive, after receiving testimony from Matthew C. Allen, Acting Assistant Director, National Intellec-tual Property Rights Coordination Center, Home-land Security Investigations, Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement, Department of Homeland Secu-rity; Kay Eron, Intel Corporation, Santa Clara, Cali-fornia; Ashifi Gogo, Sproxil, Inc., Cambridge, Massa-chusetts; Conor F. Madigan, Kateeva, Newark, Cali-fornia; and Neal Gutterson, DuPont Pioneer, John-ston, Iowa. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed sessions to receive briefings on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 30 pub-lic bills, H.R. 2116–2145; and 4 resolutions, H. Res. 274, 276–278 were introduced.
      Pages H2845–47 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H2848–50 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 876, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to reform programs of the Transportation Security Administration, and for other purposes, with amendments (H. Rept. 115–94); and H. Res. 275, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1695) to amend title 17, United States Code, to provide additional responsibilities for the Register of Copyrights, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–95).
                                                           Page H2845 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Messer to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H2817 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:10 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H2818 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:17 p.m. and recon-vened at 4:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H2820 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the National Peace Officers Memorial Service and the National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhi-bition: H. Con. Res. 35, authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the National Peace Officers Me-morial Service and the National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhibition;
                                    Pages H2820–21 
Authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby: H. Con. Res. 36, authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby;                                                                                     Pages H2821–22 
Designating the United States courthouse located at 501 East Court Street in Jackson, Mississippi, as the ‘‘R. Jess Brown United States Courthouse’’: H.R. 455, to designate the United States courthouse located at 501 East Court Street in Jackson, Mis-sissippi, as the ‘‘R. Jess Brown United States Court-house’’;
                                                                    Pages H2822–23 
Aviation Employee Screening and Security En-hancement Act of 2017: H.R. 876, amended, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to re-form programs of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 409 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 223; 
                                                                Pages H2825–28, H2838–39 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To re-form programs of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration, and for other purposes.’’.
          Page H2839 
Homeland Security for Children Act: H.R. 1372, amended, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to ensure that the needs of children are consid-ered in homeland security planning;
       Pages H2828–29 
U.S. Wants to Compete for a World Expo Act: H.R. 534, amended, to require the Secretary of State to take such actions as may be necessary for the United States to rejoin the Bureau of International Expositions; and
                                                 Pages H2829–32 
Relating to efforts to respond to the famine in South Sudan: H. Res. 187, amended, relating to ef-forts to respond to the famine in South Sudan, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 411 yeas to 2 nays, Roll No. 222.
                                                                Pages H2832–38 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25AP7.REC D25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD448 April 25, 2017 
Recess: The House recessed at 6:21 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:31 p.m.
                                                   Page H2837 
Oath of Office—Fourth Congressional District of Kansas: Representative-elect Ron Estes presented himself in the well of the House and was adminis-tered the Oath of Office by the Speaker. Earlier, the Clerk of the House transmitted a copy of a letter re-ceived from the Honorable Kris W. Kobach, Kansas Secretary of State, indicating that, at the Special Election held April 11, 2017, the Honorable Ron Estes was elected Representative to Congress for the Fourth Congressional District, State of Kansas. 
                                                                            Pages H2838, H2844 
Whole Number of the House: The Speaker an-nounced to the House that, in light of the adminis-tration of the oath to the gentleman from Kansas, the whole number of the House is 431.
        Page H2838 
Suspension—Proceedings Postponed: The House debated the following measure under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. Repealing the rule issued by the Federal High-way Administration and the Federal Transit Ad-ministration entitled ‘‘Metropolitan Planning Or-ganization Coordination and Planning Area Re-form’’: S. 496, to repeal the rule issued by the Fed-eral Highway Administration and the Federal Tran-sit Administration entitled ‘‘Metropolitan Planning Organization Coordination and Planning Area Re-form’’.
                                                                      Pages H2823–25 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H2820. Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H2837–38, H2839. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 7:59 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee began a hearing on H.R. 1694, the ‘‘Fannie and Freddie Open Records Act of 2017’’; and held a hearing on H.R. 1695, the ‘‘Register of Copyrights Selection and Ac-countability Act of 2017’’. The Committee granted, by record vote of 8–3, a structured rule for H.R. 1695. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–13 and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the re-port, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amend-ments printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. Additionally, section 2 of the rule provides that H. Res. 254 shall be laid on the table. Testimony was heard from Chairman Chaffetz, Chairman Goodlatte, and Representatives Clay and Conyers. Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, APRIL 26, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of Defense, to hold hearings to examine a review of National Guard and Reserve programs and readiness, 10:30 a.m., SD–192. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to hold hearings to examine reopening the American fron-tier, focusing on reducing regulatory barriers and expand-ing American free enterprise in space, 10 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold hear-ings to examine the technical, scientific, and legal basis of the Waters of the United States Rule, 10:15 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine the nominations of Tulinabo Salama Mushingi, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Senegal, and to serve concurrently and without additional com-pensation as Ambassador to the Republic of Guinea- Bissau, and Todd Philip Haskell, of Florida, to be Am-bassador to the Republic of the Congo, both of the De-partment of State, 1:30 p.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: busi- ness meeting to consider S. 652, to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a program for early de-tection, diagnosis, and treatment regarding deaf and hard- of-hearing newborns, infants, and young children, S. 849, to support programs for mosquito-borne and other vector- borne disease surveillance and control, S. 920, to establish a National Clinical Care Commission, S. 916, to amend 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25AP7.REC D25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D449 April 25, 2017 the Controlled Substances Act with regard to the provi-sion of emergency medical services, and the nomination of Scott Gottlieb, of Connecticut, to be Commissioner of Food and Drugs, Department of Health and Human Serv-ices, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: to hold hearings to examine duplication, waste, and fraud in Federal programs, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Amul R. Thapar, of Kentucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit, and Makan Delrahim, of California, to be an Assistant Attor-ney General, Department of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: to hold hearings to examine the challenges and opportunities of running a small business in rural America, 10 a.m., SR–428A. Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold hearings to exam-ine the nomination of Courtney Elwood, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Central Intelligence Agency, 10 a.m., SD–106. 
House 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Defense, oversight hearing on U.S. Pacific Command, 1:30 p.m., H–140 Capitol. This hearing will be closed. Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Military Assessment of the Security Challenges in the Indo-Asia-Pacific Region’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Ray-burn. Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, hearing entitled ‘‘Creating a Flexible and Effective Infor-mation Technology Management and Acquisition System: Elements for Success in a Rapidly Changing Landscape’’, 2 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Education and the Workforce, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 1180, the ‘‘Working Families Flexibility Act of 2017’’, 10:30 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-vironment, hearing on ‘‘Nuclear Waste Policy Amend-ments Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘A Legislative Proposal to Create Hope and Op-portunity for Investors, Consumers, and Entrepreneurs’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘The Questionable Case for Easing Sudan Sanctions’’, 2:30 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, hearing entitled ‘‘China’s Technological Rise: Challenges to U.S. Innova-tion and Security’’, 2:30 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Federal Bureau of Prisons and the U.S. Marshals Service’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 220, to authorize the expansion of an existing hydroelectric project, and for other purposes; H.R. 497, the ‘‘Santa Ana River Wash Plan Land Exchange Act’’; H.R. 660, the ‘‘Bureau of Reclamation Transparency Act’’; H.R. 1073, to authorize the Secretary of the Inte-rior to establish a structure for visitor services on the Ar-lington Ridge tract, in the area of the U.S. Marine Corps War Memorial, and for other purposes; H.R. 1135, to re-authorize the Historically Black Colleges and Universities Historic Preservation program; H.R. 1500, the ‘‘Robert Emmet Park Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1654, the ‘‘Water Sup-ply Permitting Coordination Act’’; H.R. 1715, the ‘‘Medgar Evers House Study Act’’; H.R. 1769, the ‘‘San Luis Unit Drainage Resolution Act’’; H.R. 1807, the ‘‘Public Water Supply Invasive Species Compliance Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1873, the ‘‘Electricity Reliability and Forest Protection Act’’; H.R. 1967, the ‘‘Bureau of Reclamation Pumped Storage Hydropower Development Act’’; and H.R. 2085, to approve an agreement between the United States and the Republic of Palau, and for other purposes, 4 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub- committee on Intergovernmental Affairs, hearing entitled ‘‘Unfunded Mandates: Examining Federally Imposed Bur-dens on State and Local Government’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Government Operations, hearing en-titled ‘‘Reviewing the Unintended Consequences of the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Advances in the Search for Life’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Storm Watch: Making Sure SBA’s Disaster Loan Program is Prepared’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub- committee on Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Mate-rials, hearing entitled ‘‘Building a 21st Century Infra-structure for America: The State of Railroad, Pipeline, and Hazardous Materials Safety Regulations and Opportu-nities for Reform’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Social Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Stopping Disability Fraud: Risk, Prevention, and Detection’’, 10 a.m., 2020 Ray-burn. Subcommittee on Oversight, hearing entitled ‘‘Exam-ining the 2017 Tax Filing Season’’, 2 p.m., 1100 Long-worth. 
Joint Meetings 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: to hold hearings to examine democracy and human rights abuses in Russia, 9:30 a.m., SD–124. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25AP7.REC D25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD450 April 25, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, April 26 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of R. Alexander Acosta, of Flor-ida, to be Secretary of Labor, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination at 11:30 a.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Wednesday, April 26 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of H.R. 1695—Register of Copyrights Selection and Account-ability Act of 2017 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Brady, Kevin, Tex., E529, E536 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E534 Carson, Andre´, Ind., E528, E533, E537 Carter, Earl L. ‘‘Buddy’’, Ga., E533 Cleaver, Emanuel, Mo., E531 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E534 Courtney, Joe, Conn., E529 DeGette, Diana, Colo., E526 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E535 Denham, Jeff, Calif., E534 Deutch, Theodore E., Fla., E529 Gaetz, Matt, Fla., E528, E530, E533, E535, E537 Gosar, Paul, Ariz., E525 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E534 Huizenga, Bill, Mich., E524 Hunter, Duncan, Calif., E532 Jenkins, Lynn, Kans., E525 Katko, John, N.Y., E523, E524, E524, E525, E526, E527 Loebsack, David, Iowa, E525 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E532 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E528, E533, E537 Meehan, Patrick, Pa., E523, E527 Olson, Pete, Tex., E538, E538, E538 Panetta, Jimmy, Calif., E536 Radewagen, Aumua Amata Coleman, American Samoa, E532 Raskin, Jamie, Md., E525 Schweikert, David, Ariz., E524 Scott, Robert C. ‘‘Bobby’’, Va., E535 Shimkus, John, Ill., E530 Simpson, Michael K., Idaho, E531 Suozzi, Thomas R., N.Y., E526 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E528, E529, E530, E532, E533, E535, E536, E538 Valadao, David G., Calif., E529, E536 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E523, E524, E526, E527 Walorski, Jackie, Ind., E528, E537 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E523, E527 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Apr 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D25AP7.REC D25APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST