Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to advocate for the victims of human trafficking and for the law enforce-ment and organizations who are on the front lines combating this growing problem. Human trafficking is a grow-ing problem in Illinois where we rank ninth in the Nation in reported traf-ficking cases. Cases are on the rise nationwide. As a father of three and grandfather of 11, I am angry. We must wipe out this evil before it does any more harm. I am proud that Republicans and Democrats came together to pass three antitrafficking bills this week. Our work is far from over, but these bills are vitally important to help pro-tect American families. f 
RECOGNIZING RICHARD D EWITT SMITH (Mr. BUTTERFIELD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise this morning to recognize Richard DeWitt Smith, a native of my home State of North Carolina and a graduate of our alma mater, North Carolina Cen-tral University. Tomorrow night, Richard will be honored by the NCCU Alumni Associa-tion with the prestigious Alumni Founder’s Lifetime Achievement Award. Richard is most deserving of this great honor. Since graduating in 1981, Richard has been a dedicated alumnus to the university, always exemplifying our motto of Truth and Service. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.000 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5836 July 14, 2017 
Richard continues to serve NCCU and its alumni community in numerous ca-pacities at the local, State, and na-tional levels. He gives of his time, tal-ent, and resources to help students from across the country succeed in ob-taining a quality education from His-torically Black Colleges and Univer-sities. Richard Smith has been married to Jacqueline Beatty Smith for 28 years. They met 40 years ago as NCCU stu-dents. Mr. Speaker, time does not permit me to fully describe Richard’s many other contributions; but suffice it to say that Richard Smith is most deserv-ing of this high honor—the NCCU Alumni Association 2017 Alumni Founder’s Lifetime Achievement Award. I am proud of Richard Smith, and I thank him for his extraordinary work. I ask my colleagues to join me today in congratulating this great American hero. 
f 
HEALTHCARE TOWNHALLS (Ms. ADAMS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, 118,000— the number of people in my district alone who will lose healthcare if TrumpCare passes. 250—the number of people who joined me for a healthcare townhall on Mon-day in Charlotte. Zero—the number of public hearings the Senate has held on TrumpCare. Despite the potential for 22 million people who will lose their healthcare if TrumpCare passes, Senator M
CCONNELL  hasn’t asked to hear from any of them. On Monday, I held a townhall where my constituents shared their stories and asked that I share them with you. Katie Mpelkas, a mother of a 3-year- old with autism, relies on Medicaid for her son’s healthcare. She is terrified at the thought that without Medicaid coverage her son won’t get the care he needs. Adrienne Gonzalez’s son, diagnosed with autism at age 2, has been receiv-ing care paid for by Medicaid since he was 11 months old. Sadly, their stories aren’t unique. Thirty-nine percent of children are on Medicaid for the care they need, and TrumpCare cuts the program by 35 per-cent by 2036. Our constituents are begging for help. It is our responsibility to fight for them. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
OST). Pursuant to House Resolution 440 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 2810. Will the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. S
IMPSON ) kindly take the chair. b0906 IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2018) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, with Mr. S
IMPSON (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole House rose on Thursday, July 13, 2017, a second set of amendments en bloc, offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORN -
BERRY ) had been disposed of. It is now in order to consider amend-ment No. 16 printed in House Report 115–217. 
AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MR . BYRNE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 17 printed in House Report 115–217. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, I rise as the designee of the gentlewoman from Florida, and I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title XXXV add the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. APPLICATION OF LAW. 
Section 4301 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) For purposes of any Federal law ex-cept the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.), any vessel, in-cluding a foreign vessel, being repaired or dismantled is deemed to be a recreational vessel, as defined under section 2101(25), dur-ing such repair or dismantling, if that ves-sel— ‘‘(1) shares elements of design and con-struction of traditional recreational vessels (as so defined); and ‘‘(2) when operating is not normally en-gaged in a military, commercial, or tradi-tionally commercial undertaking.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 440, the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, this straightforward and bipartisan amend-ment would provide important clarity for the recreational marine industry as it relates to workers’ compensation coverage. For decades, Federal law stated that individuals who build, dismantle, or re-pair recreational vessels less than 65 feet could be covered under State workers’ compensation law instead of the Federal Longshore and Harbor Workers’ Compensation Act. Under the Democrat-controlled Con-gress in 2009, the law was simplified by eliminating the size limitation, which allowed more employers to purchase State workers’ compensation. Unfortunately, in 2011, the Depart-ment of Labor issued a burdensome and confusing rule creating a new defini-tion of recreational vessel. This change contradicted legislation passed by the Congress in 2009, and effectively denied recreational vessel repair workers ac-cess to more affordable State workers’ compensation insurance. This regulatory confusion and uncer-tainty is reducing access to affordable workers’ compensation policies and also hurting the overall recreational repair industry. Our bipartisan amendment increases strong protections to ensure that no vessel used for commercial or military purposes is inappropriately excepted from the Federal requirements. This amendment would provide regu-latory relief for small businesses, in-cluding those in coastal Alabama, while also ensuring the maritime work-ers receive the protections they need. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Connecticut is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment that is offered by my good friend from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ). I would just note that this is an amendment that has been around the last couple Congresses, and the intent clearly is to carve out a larger exemp-tion from the longshoremen’s act which is a law that goes back to 1927. I would note that if that is the in-tent, the language of this amendment actually is kind of like legislating with a chainsaw instead of a scalpel because by carving out a larger exemption for recreational vessels above or beyond 55 feet long, basically there is a whole se-ries of Coast Guard rules and regula-tions that have been enforced by the Coast Guard for many years that this amendment, unfortunately, is going to sweep up and undermine, including the rules related to alcohol on board ves-sels, waste management, Coast Guard inspection categories, vessel sales to non-U.S. citizens, tonnage taxes, and safety management systems. The Coast Guard is out there every single day making sure that these rules which really protect our ports and make sure that particularly foreign, large, super yachts are paying their fair share, in terms of the costs of envi-ronmental protection, and boating safety is enforced. That is, again, what this amendment will undermine. That is why last year the Coast Guard issued a statement pointing out the fact that because of the broad sweep of the language of this amend-ment, it is really undermining some key missions that the Coast Guard has been doing for decades for the Amer-ican people. So I would note that, at the outset, obviously there is, I think, another 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.003 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5837 July 14, 2017 
issue which is just as significant which is undermining the longshoremen’s act which goes back to Calvin Coolidge. It recognizes the fact that the folks who are engaged in longshoremen activity but also shipyard construction are en-gaged in a very high-risk type of occu-pation. The longshoremen’s act was a rec-ognition that State workers’ com-pensation systems, because of the fact that they varied up and down in terms of protections, really required a Fed-eral minimum standard. That is really something that has obviously with-stood the test of time over the last 90 years. Again, if you look at the data, people who were involved in shipyard work, their risk of injury is much higher than many other occupations. I am a proud Representative from a district that has the second largest em-ployment level in shipbuilding accord-ing to the American Shipbuilding Asso-ciation, and these folks are dealing with processes, equipment, and parts that, again, really are much higher risk than even aerospace or other forms of manufacturing. Mr. Chairman, I think what we ought to do is stick to the Coast Guard defi-nition of what a recreational vessel is because that has been on the books for many years, and it is something that I think all of us should listen closely to in terms of evaluating this amend-ment. I think also we should recognize that we can build a great American ship-building sector in this country for com-mercial and recreational vessels, but we should not do it on the backs of worker protection. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, I appre-ciate the gentleman. He and I have worked together on shipbuilding issues a lot of times, and I appreciate his leadership in that industry. These are recreational vessel compa-nies. They are small companies doing small things on different types of ves-sels than the ones that Mr. C
OURTNEY  and I are typically working together on. So trying to apply the same rules when it is a completely different activ-ity to where, when we are usually talk-ing about very large ships, it just doesn’t make any sense. This has traditionally been a Demo-crat amendment. I have always sup-ported it. I am happy to be here to sup-port it today. I would like for us to continue our tradition of bipartisan-ship on this issue. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT) who is a col-league from another great shipbuilding district and also the ranking member of the Education and the Workforce Committee. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in opposition to this amend-ment. The amendment shifts workers who repair super yachts and large, luxury watercraft out of coverage under the Longshore and Harbor Workers’ Com-pensation Act and into coverage under State workers’ compensation pro-grams. But it doesn’t just amend the long-shoremen act. Rather, it creates a problem with the Coast Guard law. The Coast Guard opposed an identical amendment last year because it creates widespread damage to Coast Guard reg-ulatory and enforcement authorities, implicates U.S. treaty obligations, and could affect the collection of tonnage taxes on foreign flagged vessels. The Department of Labor also op-poses the amendment because it could lead to uncertainty and foster litiga-tion under the longshoremen coverage. Moreover, by shifting workers out of longshoremen into the weak State workers’ comp laws such as Florida, it could permanently impoverish work-ers. Last year, the Florida Supreme Court held that the Florida workers’ compensation law was so anemic that it was unconstitutional. If the goal is to provide reasonable insurance rates, then it should be in the insurance industry not by compli-cating the Coast Guard, by compli-cating the Department of Labor, and denying workers their benefits under the Longshoremen’s Compensation Act. Mr. Chairman, I include in the RECORD a letter from the Committee on Education and the Workforce oppos-ing this amendment. 
COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE  W
ORKFORCE , H OUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, July 12, 2017. Re Opposition to Making Amendment 302 in Order as part of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for FY 2018 (H.R. 2810) Hon. P
ETESESSIONS , Chairman, Committee on Rules, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. L
OUISE MCINTOSH SLAUGHTER , Ranking Member, Committee on Rules, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN SESSIONS AND RANKING  M
EMBER SLAUGHTER : I am writing to request that you not make Amendment 302 in order as part of the rule for the FY 2018 National Defense Authorization Act (H.R. 2810). The amendment offered by Representatives Frankel and Byrne changes the definition of a ‘‘recreational’’ vessel under U.S. Coast Guard (USCG) boating safety authorizing legislation. The amendment authors’ goal is to change workers’ compensation coverage for those repairing luxury water craft and superyachts by shifting coverage for these workers from the Longshore and Harbor Workers Compensation Act (LHWCA) into state workers’ compensation programs. However, the amendment does not amend the LHWCA. Rather it changes the definition of ‘‘recreational vessel’’ under Section 4301 of Title 46 (the Federal Boat Safety Act of 1971). According to the Coast Guard, this ap-proach to amending the LHWCA will have adverse collateral impacts on Coast Guard regulatory and enforcement authorities, im-plicate U.S. treaty obligations, and affect collection of tonnage taxes on foreign flagged vessels. The USCG statement, at-tached to this letter, notes that this provi-sion could: Exclude vessels now covered under the U.S. implementing legislation for the Inter-national Convention on the Control of Harm-ful Anti-Fouling Systems on Ships, and re-duce available civil monetary penalties to deter violations; Allow a foreign vessel owner to exempt itself from tonnage taxes by declaring its vessel to be under repair; and, Allow foreign flagged vessels to avoid re-quirements for safety management systems under the International Safety Management Code. The U.S. Department of Labor (DOL) ob-jected to this provision in the last Congress, as it would ‘‘lead to uncertainty and foster litigation regarding Longshore Act cov-erage’’ because the definition of ‘‘rec-reational’’ vessel introduces subjective cri-teria. This identical amendment was included in the House National Defense Authorization Act for FY 2017 as Section 3512, but was re-moved in the House-Senate conference fol-lowing the numerous objections raised by the U.S. Coast Guard and the U.S. Depart-ment of Labor. None of these concerns have been consid-ered in hearings within the respective com-mittees of jurisdiction for USCG or DOL, and deserve careful consideration before being brought to a vote. I thank you for your consideration of this request. Sincerely, ROBERT C. B OBBY SCOTT, Ranking Member. Encl: U.S. Coast Guard Views on Amend-ment to the National Defense Authorization Act (this set of views applied to the identical language included in Amendment 302 that was adopted in Section 3512 the FY 2017 Na-tional Defense Authorization Act). C
OAST GUARD VIEWS ON SEC. 3512 OFH.R. 4909, 
THENDAA FORFY17 The Coast Guard would oppose the pre-viously referenced amendment to 46 U.S.C. §4301. As a general matter, it seems like this proposed amendment is out of place. Sec. 803 of the American Investment and Recovery Act amended sec. 2(3)(F) of the Longshore and Harbor Workers’ Compensation Act (33 U.S.C. §902(3)(F)), a statutory regime square-ly within the purview of the Department of Labor (DOL). Indeed, in 2011, it was DOL— not the Coast Guard—that promulgated the rule in question that, according to industry background documentation, would appear to be the root cause of this issue. Thus, any changes to address this issue should be more properly directed either to the Longshore and Harbor Workers’ Compensation Act or to DOL and its implementing regulations. Aside from the amendment’s misplaced statutory location, the proposed amendment contains numerous drafting issues. For ex-ample, the proposed amendment contains no limitation of the ‘‘dismantling’’ language to those activities ‘‘in connection with the re-pair of such vessel.’’ Irrespective of the drafting issues, the proposed amendment would not provide any immediate relief as the draft language contains terms undefined by statute that prevent it from being self- executing. Finally, if adopted, the amend-ment would likely create a wholly unneces-sary bifurcated regulatory scheme between the DOL regulations under 20 C.F.R. §§701.501–701.505 and additional regulations promulgated by the Coast Guard. The proposed change to the definition of a ‘‘recreational vessel’’ to include ‘‘any vessel, including a foreign vessel, being repaired or dismantled [. . .] during such repair or dis-mantling if the vessel (1) shares elements of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.004 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5838 July 14, 2017 
design and construction of traditional rec-reational vessels (as so defined); and (2) when operating is not normally engaged in a mili-tary, commercial, or traditionally commer-cial undertaking’’ has significant impacts on Coast Guard regulatory and enforcement au-thorities. The change in the definition would expand the current exclusion for ‘‘recreational ves-sels’’ from the U.S. implementing legislation for the International Convention on the Con-trol of Harmful Anti-Fouling Systems on Ships. Specifically, civil penalties for owners of ‘‘recreational vessels’’ are statutorily lim-ited to $5,000 as compared to the $37,500 max-imum penalty for all other vessel owners. The change in the definition could be con-strued to allow a foreign vessel owner to ex-empt itself from tonnage taxes required under 46 U.S.C. §60301, by claiming that its vessel is ‘‘being repaired’’ and thereby a rec-reational vessel exempted from tonnage taxes. The change in the definition could also be construed to allow foreign flagged vessels to avoid the requirements to maintain a safety management system onboard under 46 U.S.C. §3201, et seq. by claiming that its vessel is ‘‘being repaired’’ and thereby a recreational vessel exempted from Safety Management Requirements under the International Safe-ty Management Code. In addition to these statutory impacts, there are numerous Coast Guard regulations not related to Longshoreman and Harbor Workers’ Compensation Act authorities that would be impacted by the change. These in-clude: 33 C.F.R. §95.001 33 C.F.R. §151.51 46 C.F.R. §2.01–7 46 C.F.R. §4.03–50 46 C.F.R. §67.11 46 C.F.R. §136.105 This list is by no means exhaustive. Given the time for review, the Coast Guard has not been able to conduct a comprehensive review of statutory and regulatory impacts that would be implicated by this change. Further-more, as drafted, this change would require the Coast Guard to reallocate a substantial amount of financial and personnel resources to ensure that its regulations were in align-ment with the revised definition. Such an undertaking is wholly incompatible with the current fiscal climate. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-man, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amend-ment. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. b0915 Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, we have heard nothing from the Coast Guard this year in opposition to this amend-ment. In years past, I think the gen-tleman is correct, we have heard from them, but this year we have heard no opposition. In fact, a recreational ves-sel being repaired is the same as a rec-reational vessel being manufactured to use as a public vessel and should be treated the same in law. The Coast Guard already strictly en-forces the existing laws and regula-tions that determine whether a vessel is recreational and enforces the law against those who would unlawfully use recreational vessels for commercial purposes. So I would suggest to the gentleman that this is not something the Coast Guard opposes. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 18 OFFERED BY MR . HUNTER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 18 printed in House Report 115–217. Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title XXXV add the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. RECOURSE FOR NON-U.S. SEAMEN. 
Section 57103 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) R
ESTRICTION .—(1) Notwithstanding section 30104, a claim for damages or ex-penses relating to personal injury, illness, or death of a seaman who is a citizen of a for-eign nation, arising during or from the en-gagement of the seaman by or for a pas-senger vessel duly registered under the laws of a foreign nation or a vessel identified as obsolete under subsection (a) or acquired under chapter 563, may not be brought under the laws of the United States if— ‘‘(A) such seaman was not a legal perma-nent resident of the United States at the time the claim arose; ‘‘(B) the injury, illness, or death arose out-side the territorial waters of the United States; and ‘‘(C) the seaman or the seaman’s personal representative has or had a right to seek compensation for the injury, illness, or death in, or under the laws of— ‘‘(i) the nation in which the vessel was reg-istered at the time the claim arose; or ‘‘(ii) the nation in which the seaman main-tained citizenship or residency at the time the claim arose. ‘‘(2) C
OMPENSATION DEFINED .—As used in paragraph (1), the term ‘compensation’ means— ‘‘(A) a statutory workers’ compensation remedy that complies with Standard A4.2 of Regulation 4.2 of the Maritime Labour Con-vention, 2006; or ‘‘(B) in the absence of the remedy described in paragraph (1), a legal remedy that com-plies with Standard A4.2 of Regulation 4.2 of the Maritime Labour Convention, 2006, that permits recovery for lost wages, pain and suffering, and future medical expenses.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 440, the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UNTER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Chairman, this im-portant amendment would help safe-guard U.S. courts against crowding of court dockets by foreign maritime crewmembers. It simply clarifies where the claim must be brought when the case has no meaningful connection to the United States. Specifically, the amendment limits the ability of foreign crewmembers working on foreign ships in foreign waters to sue in U.S. courts when a remedy is available in their home countries or the country of the ship on which they served. If no such remedy is available abroad, the amendment would allow those crewmembers to file suit in the United States, assuming they could meet the same burden need-ed to file any other suit. To be clear, again, this amendment in no way restricts a foreign crew-member’s access to judicial relief if they are injured or suffer some other damage as a result of working on a for-eign vessel. It simply says that they need to seek relief in their home coun-try or the home country of the vessel on which they served before seeking re-lief in U.S. courts. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this pernicious antilabor amendment that would do nothing but make it easier for U.S.-owned but for-eign-flagged cruise ship operators to exploit and abuse the seafarers they employ. The right for seafarers to seek main-tenance and cure for injuries, illness, and damages at sea has been a part of U.S. maritime law for as long as U.S. ships have flown the flag on the high seas. The effect of this amendment is clear: it would restrict foreign sea-farers employed on foreign-flagged cruise ships from filing claims for dam-ages or expenses related to personal in-jury, illness, or even death, in a U.S. court. This provision is completely contrary to a general maritime law principle that has been around since at least the 12th century, a principle that has re-mained applicable because of the inter-national nature of shipping and the plain fact that, even today, ship opera-tors maintain considerable leverage over individual seafarers. This provision also violates an inter-national convention that the U.S. has ratified. Under the Shipowners’ Liabil-ity Convention, national laws or regu-lations have to be interpreted and en-forced to ensure equality of treatment to all seafarers, irrespective of nation-ality, domicile, or race. This amend-ment would shred that international obligation. It is also contrary to the principles and terms defining seafarers’ rights under the International Maritime Labor Convention. It is also worth mentioning that the amendment before us may be unneces-sary because, in many cases, seafarer contracts contain binding arbitration clauses. In any event, it makes no sense to deny access to U.S. courts for foreign 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.006 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5839 July 14, 2017 
seafarers seeking compassion for main-tenance and cure claims. The cruise lines can easily avoid frivolous law-suits. All they need do is honor their longstanding customary responsibility to pay for the care and recovery of the seafarers they employ when they are ill or injured. In closing, no one has provided any evidence—much less, compelling evi-dence—to justify the reversal of long-standing seafarer protections. In the absence of evidence, the House should reject this unwarranted amendment. This vote is purely to injure sea-farers, purely to disobey maritime con-ventions to which we are a party, pure-ly to disobey laws of the sea from the 12th century that we have obeyed since we obtained our independence from England, for no purpose other than to help often American-owned—not al-ways—but foreign-flagged cruise ship lines. There is no purpose for this amend-ment. The House should reject this amendment as it has in the past. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. W
ILSON ). Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, today, I join with my colleague and friend, Representative D
UNCAN  H
UNTER , in offering an amendment to the maritime administration title in the NDAA. The cruise industry, which is a vital source of economic opportunity for my constituents, has come to me with con-cerns about lawsuits it says are clog-ging U.S. courts and making it more difficult to conduct business and create opportunities in my district and else-where. I take these concerns seriously and want to help address them, but I also want to make sure that they are pro-tecting workers and that we don’t shut off opportunities for them to be fairly compensated if they become ill or in-jured in the course of their employ-ment. The Hunter-Wilson amendment is in-tended to do just that. It safeguards U.S. courts against further crowding of court dockets, while not denying for-eign crewmembers remedies. This provision has been passed in the House five times in the past 3 years, and most recently, the Senate Com-merce Committee included it in the maritime administration title of the Defense Authorization bill for FY 2017. I want to thank Chairman H
UNTER  and Chairman S
HUSTER for their work on this amendment. I urge my colleagues to support the Hunter-Wilson amendment. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Wash-ington (Mr. S
MITH). Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I simply associate myself with the remarks of Mr. N
ADLER . I think he explained the history of this law very, very well. It is a very basic principle. People who work on these cruise ships should be compensated and taken care of if they are injured. There is no reason that the cruise line industry cannot af-ford to do this. To discriminate against people who happen to be from different countries who are working on these ships makes no sense whatsoever. Our laws apply to whoever is working on the ships and should continue to do so. This is sim-ply an effort to deny workers’ rights from a cruise line industry that can more than afford to take care of the people who work there. These are not easy jobs. I confess, I have only taken one cruise in my life, but the people who work there work very long hours, very hard, in very dif-ficult conditions. If they are injured or sick, they should be taken care of. As Mr. NADLER said, the best way to do that is under the current common practice, which is the cruise line does take care of them and makes sure they get the healthcare they need until they are able to work. But if that is not done, the right to sue in court to pro-tect your rights as a worker should not be taken away. I do not believe that we have a prob-lem in this country that workers are being too highly compensated and have too many rights. We don’t need to take away the few that they have. I urge opposition to this amendment. Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California has 2
3⁄4minutes re-maining. Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Chair, I yield my-self the balance of my time. This amendment limits the ability of foreign crewmembers working on for-eign ships in foreign waters to sue in U.S. courts when a remedy is available in their home country or the country of the ship on which they serve. That is it. They can still sue. Trial lawyers around the world can rejoice because these crewmembers can come back to their home countries and they can sue and sue and sue. They just can’t do it in the U.S. if it didn’t happen in U.S. waters. It is that simple. Again, a foreign mariner operating on a foreign ship in foreign or inter-national waters should avail them-selves of the courts in their home coun-try or the vessel’s home country before using U.S. courts. That is it. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, it sounds nice to say they can go home to their country from which they came, where presum-ably the foreign-flagged ship operates, but that is not the case. These are often American-owned ships or Euro-pean-owned ships, and they are flagged in a country of convenience—Liberia, Panama, or wherever—where the work-er may have no connection whatsoever, where the ship, for that matter, has no real connection other than flying the flag of convenience, and where there may not be a very decent court system. That is why the practice has been, since before our independence—it has worked well the entire history of our country—that a foreign citizen work-ing on a ship that calls in the United States, if denied the maintenance and cure that the ship is supposed to take care of someone on the high seas, then they can sue in an American court. We have always done this. There has been no showing of hardship whatsoever. Yes, some rich cruise line operators would like, perhaps, to get rid of this obligation, but that is no excuse. This is an antilabor, an antihuman amend-ment. It ought to be defeated. Mr. Chairman, I urge its defeat, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. HUNTER ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 43 OFFERED BY MR . MCGOVERN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 43 printed in House Report 115–217. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 564. ATOMIC VETERANS SERVICE MEDAL. 
(a) S ERVICE MEDAL REQUIRED .—The Sec- retary of Defense shall design and produce a military service medal, to be known as the ‘‘Atomic Veterans Service Medal’’, to honor retired and former members of the Armed Forces who are radiation-exposed veterans (as such term is defined in section 1112(c)(3) of title 38, United States Code). (b) D
ISTRIBUTION OF MEDAL .— (1) I
SSUANCE TO RETIRED AND FORMER MEM -
BERS .—At the request of a radiation-exposed veteran, the Secretary of Defense shall issue the Atomic Veterans Service Medal to the veteran. (2) I
SSUANCE TO NEXT -OF-KIN.—In the case of a radiation-exposed veteran who is de-ceased, the Secretary may provide for issuance of the Atomic Veterans Service Medal to the next-of-kin of the person. (3) A
PPLICATION .—The Secretary shall pre-pare and disseminate as appropriate an ap-plication by which radiation-exposed vet-erans and their next-of-kin may apply to re-ceive the Atomic Veterans Service Medal. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 440, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the McGovern- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.009 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5840 July 14, 2017 
Emmer amendment, which would sim-ply create a service medal to be award-ed to atomic veterans or their sur-viving family members in honor of their service and sacrifice to our Na-tion. Between 1945 and 1962, about 225,000 members of our Armed Forces partici-pated in hundreds of nuclear weapons tests. Now known as atomic veterans, these GIs were placed in extremely dangerous areas and were constantly exposed to potentially dangerous levels of radiation in the performance of their duties. They were sworn to secrecy, un-able to even talk to their doctors about their past exposure to radiation. Thankfully, Presidents Bill Clinton and George H.W. Bush recognized the atomic veterans’ value and service and acted to provide specialized care and compensation for their harrowing duty. In 2007, our allies, Great Britain, New Zealand, and Australia, enacted their versions of this amendment by author-izing a medal to honor their atomic veterans who served with the United States. Regrettably, the Pentagon remains silent on honoring the service of our atomic veterans, arguing that to do so would diminish the service of other military personnel who are tasked with dangerous missions. Mr. Chairman, this is a pitiful excuse. Tragically, more than 75 percent of atomic veterans have already passed away, never having received this rec-ognition. They served honorably and kept a code of silence. Because of that, it most certainly led to many of these veterans passing away prematurely. Past administrations and Congresses have dealt with the thornier issues of legality in compensation. What re-mains is recognizing these veterans’ duty, honor, and faithful service to our Nation. Time is running out. That is what this amendment seeks to do. I call upon my House colleagues to support this amendment that I, along with my colleague from Minnesota (Mr. E
MMER ), have introduced. We owe it to our veterans to recognize their selfless service to our Nation. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
MMER ). Mr. EMMER. Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) for yielding. I appreciate the opportunity to work with him on this issue. During my time in Congress, I have been privileged to meet with many of our Nation’s veterans. The men and women in our Armed Forces are true heroes and truly the best our Nation has to offer. Yet far too often, they do not get the recognition and credit they deserve. This is especially true when it comes to our Nation’s atomic veterans. From 1945 to 1962, nearly a quarter of a million of our servicemembers played a role in the testing of nuclear weap-ons, earning them the title, ‘‘atomic veterans.’’ b0930 Since 1990, our Federal Government has taken different approaches to try and recognize and thank our atomic veterans, but we have never given offi-cial recognition through an award or medal. Today, that will change with the support of the men and women in this Chamber. With the McGovern-Emmer amend-ment, we have an opportunity to fi-nally acknowledge the incredible sac-rifice these courageous individuals made more than half a century ago. Our amendment will require the De-partment of Defense to issue a service medal to the veterans or surviving families of those members of our Armed Forces who participated in aboveground nuclear weapons testing, were part of the U.S. military occupa-tion forces in or around Hiroshima and Nagasaki before 1946, or were held as POWs in or near Hiroshima or Naga-saki. This amendment has been included in the House NDAA bill for the past 2 years and is supported by the National Association of Atomic Veterans. These veterans left their homes, left their families, and put their lives on the line to protect the freedoms and liberties we enjoy each and every day. I am honored to work with Mr. MCGOVERN and our colleagues here in the House to ensure these brave sol-diers get the recognition they deserve. Again, I want to thank Congressman M
CGOVERN for his efforts on this issue as well as to thank Chairman T
HORN -
BERRY , Ranking Member S MITH, and the entire staff of the House Armed Services Committee for their work on the underlying bill, and I urge adoption of this amendment. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, even though I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I support this amendment. I have sup-ported it in the past. And as Mr. E
MMER just mentioned, the House has supported it in the past in each of the last 2 years. I admire the persistence of the gen-tleman from Massachusetts in pursuing this issue. I think it is the right thing to do. Unfortunately, we have not yet been able to convince our colleagues across the Capitol or the Pentagon to do this. I know of no opposition to the amendment. I think the House should continue to support it, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. E
MMER for his support, and I want to thank Chairman T
HORNBERRY  and Ranking Member S
MITH for their support in the past. As the chairman of the Armed Serv-ices Committee has stated, the House has, by voice vote, approved this twice before in the NDAA bills. Unfortu-nately, the Senate has chosen to not respect the wishes of the House, so I think it is important that we show a strong bipartisan vote on this. So I will ask for a recorded vote because I think it is important to send a signal to the Senate that we are serious about this and we are serious about honoring our Atomic Veterans. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts will be postponed. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . 
THORNBERRY OF TEXAS  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, pursuant to House Resolution 440, I offer amendments en bloc. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. Amendments en bloc No. 3 consisting of amendment Nos. 16, 49, 54, 55, 56, 57, 58, 59, 60, 61, 62, 63, 64, 65, 66, 67, 68, 69, 70, and 71 printed in House Report 115– 217, offered by Mr. T
HORNBERRY of Texas: 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MR . 
DESJARLAIS OF TENNESSEE  At the end of subtitle B of title XXXI, add the following new section: 
SEC. 3124. ANNUAL REPORTS ON UNFUNDED PRI-ORITIES OF THE NATIONAL NU-CLEAR SECURITY ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than 10 days after the date on which the budget of the President for a fiscal year is submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, the Administrator for Nuclear Security shall submit to the Secretary of Energy and the congressional defense committees a re-port on the unfunded priorities of the Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration. (b) E
LEMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each report under sub-section (a) shall specify, for each unfunded priority covered by such report, the fol-lowing: (A) A summary description of such pri-ority, including the objectives to be achieved if such priority is funded (whether in whole or in part). (B) The additional amount of funds rec-ommended in connection with the objectives under subparagraph (A). (C) Account information with respect to such priority. (2) P
RIORITIZATION OF PRIORITIES .—Each re- port shall present the unfunded priorities covered by such report in order of urgency of priority. (c) U
NFUNDED PRIORITY DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘unfunded priority’’, in the case of a fiscal year, means a program, activ-ity, or mission requirement that— (1) is not funded in the budget of the Presi-dent for the fiscal year as submitted to Con-gress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.012 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5841 July 14, 2017 
(2) is necessary to fulfill a requirement as-sociated with the National Nuclear Security Administration; and (3) would have been recommended for fund-ing through the budget referred to in para-graph (1) by the Administrator in connection with the budget if— (A) additional resources had been available for the budget to fund the program, activity, or mission requirement; or (B) the program, activity, or mission re-quirement has emerged since the budget was formulated. 
AMENDMENT NO . 49 OFFERED BY MS . PLASKETT  
OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS  Page 185, after line 19, insert the following new section: 
SEC. 605. APPLICATION OF BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING TO MEMBERS OF THE UNIFORMED SERVICES IN THE VIR-GIN ISLANDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 403(b) of title 37, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the heading, by inserting ‘‘
AND THE  V
IRGIN ISLANDS ’’ after ‘‘ THEUNITED STATES ’’; (2) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and the Virgin Islands’’ after ‘‘the United States’’; and (3) in paragraphs (2), (3)(A), and (6), by in-serting ‘‘or the Virgin Islands’’ after ‘‘the United States’’ each place it appears. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 403(c) of title 37, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the heading, by inserting ‘‘
OR THE  V
IRGIN ISLANDS ’’ after ‘‘ THEUNITED STATES ’’; and (2) in paragraphs (1), (2), (3)(A)(i), and (3)(B), by inserting ‘‘or the Virgin Islands’’ after ‘‘the United States’’ each place it ap-pears. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply to payments under section 403 of title 37, United States Code, beginning on Janu-ary 1, 2018. 
AMENDMENT NO . 54 OFFERED BY MR . BERA OF  
CALIFORNIA  The amendment as modified is as follows: Insert after section 724, the following: 
SEC. 725. REPORT. 
For each of the fiscal years 2018 through 2021, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report on the Department of Defense’s— (1) activities and programs with respect to infectious disease; (2) priority areas with respect to infectious disease; and (3) current policy and planning documents with respect to infectious disease. 
AMENDMENT NO . 55 OFFERED BY MS . KUSTER OF  
NEW HAMPSHIRE  At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 7ll. PROVISION OF SUPPORT BY DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE TO DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS REGARDING ELECTRONIC HEALTH RECORD SYS-TEM. 
(a) S UPPORT .—The Secretary of Defense may support the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs, to the extent the Secretaries jointly consider feasible and advisable, in the devel-opment and implementation of an electronic health record system that— (1) is derivative of the Military Health Sys-tem Genesis record currently being devel-oped and implemented by the Secretary of Defense; and (2) achieves complete interoperability with the Military Health System Genesis. (b) A
NNUAL REVIEW .—The Secretary of De-fense and the Secretary Veterans Affairs shall jointly conduct an annual review of the efforts undertaken by the Secretaries to achieve complete interoperability between the electronic health record of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs and the Military Health System Genesis. (c) ANNUAL REPORT .— (1) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 60 days after completing each annual review under sub-section (b), the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall jointly submit to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices and the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives a report on the review. (2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report under para-graph (1) shall include an assessment of the following: (A) Milestones reached as part of the schedule of development and acquisition as developed by the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs. (B) Costs associated with development and implementation. (C) Actions, if any, of the Secretary of De-fense in supporting the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs pursuant to subsection (a) with respect to the development and implementa-tion of an electronic health record system and in achieving complete interoperability with the Military Health System Genesis. (D) Status of the adoption of the national standards and architectural requirements identified by the Interagency Program Office of the Departments and in collaboration with the Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology of the Department of Health and Human Services. (d) T
ERMINATION .—The requirements under subsection (b) and (c) shall terminate on the date on which the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs jointly cer-tify to the Committees on Armed Services and the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the House of Representatives that the electronic health records of both the Department of Defense and the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs are completely interoperable. (e) I
NTEROPERABILITY DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘interoperability’’ refers to the ability of different electronic health records systems or software to meaningfully exchange information in real time and pro-vide useful results to one or more systems. 
AMENDMENT NO . 56 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE OF TEXAS  At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add the following new section:C 
SEC. 7ll. INCREASED COLLABORATION WITH NIH TO COMBAT TRIPLE NEGATIVE BREAST CANCER. 
The Office of Health of the Department of Defense shall work in collaboration with the National Institutes of Health to— (1) identify specific genetic and molecular targets and biomarkers for triple negative breast cancer; and (2) provide information useful in bio-marker selection, drug discovery, and clin-ical trials design that will enable both— (A) triple negative breast cancer patients to be identified earlier in the progression of their disease; and (B) the development of multiple targeted therapies for the disease. 
AMENDMENT NO . 57 OFFERED BY MR . SOTO OF  
FLORIDA  At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 725. ENCOURAGING TRANSITION OF MILI-TARY MEDICAL PROFESSIONALS INTO EMPLOYMENT WITH VETERANS HEALTH ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish a program to encourage an in-dividual who serves in the Armed Forces with a military occupational specialty relat-ing to the provision of health care to seek employment with the Veterans Health Ad-ministration when the individual has been discharged or released from service in the Armed Forces or is contemplating separating from such service. (b) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to— (1) create any additional authority not otherwise provided in law to convert a former member of the Armed Services to an employee of the Veterans Health Adminis-tration; or (2) circumvent any existing requirement relating to a detail, reassignment, or other transfer of such a former member to the Vet-erans Health Administration. 
AMENDMENT NO . 58 OFFERED BY MR . CONAWAY  
OF TEXAS  At the end of subtitle D of title VIII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 8ll. REPEAL OF CERTAIN AUDITING RE-QUIREMENTS. 
Section 190 of title 10, United States Code, as proposed to be added by section 820(b)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2274), is amended by striking sub-section (f). 
AMENDMENT NO . 59 OFFERED BY MR . PITTENGER  
OF NORTH CAROLINA  At the end of subtitle D of title VIII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 870A. PROHIBITION ON CONTRACTING WITH CERTAIN TELECOMMUNICATIONS PROVIDERS. 
(a) L IST OF COVERED CONTRACTORS .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall develop a list of covered contractors, to be updated as frequently as the Director determines appropriate, and shall make such list available to the Sec-retary of Defense. (b) P
ROHIBITION ON CONTRACTS .—The Sec- retary of Defense may not enter into a con-tract with a covered contractor on the list described under subsection (a). (c) R
EMOVAL FROM LIST.—To be removed from the list described in subsection (a), a covered contractor may submit a request to the Director in such manner as the Director determines appropriate. Upon certification of the request, the Director shall remove the covered contractor from the list. (d) W
AIVER .—The President may waive the requirements of subsection (b) if the Presi-dent determines that the waiver is justified for national security reasons. (e) C
OVERED CONTRACTOR DEFINED .—The term ‘‘covered contractor’’ means a provider of telecommunications or telecommuni-cations equipment that has been found by the Director to have knowingly assisted or facilitated a cyber attack carried out by or on behalf of the government of the Demo-cratic People’s Republic of Korea or persons associated with such government. (f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall apply with respect to contracts of a covered contractor entered into on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 60 OFFERED BY MR . DESANTIS  
OF FLORIDA  At the end of title VIII (page 323, after line 4), add the following new section: 
SEC. 871. ASSESSMENT AND AUTHORITY TO TER-MINATE OR PROHIBIT CONTRACTS FOR PROCUREMENT FROM CHINESE COMPANIES PROVIDING SUPPORT TO THE DEMOCRATIC PEOPLE’S RE-PUBLIC OF KOREA. 
(a) A SSESSMENT REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Treasury, and the Direc-tor of National Intelligence, shall conduct an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.007 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5842 July 14, 2017 
assessment of trade between the People’s Re-public of China and the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, including elements deemed to be important to United States na-tional security and defense. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment required by paragraph (1) shall— (A) assess the composition of all trade be-tween China and the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, including trade in goods and services; (B) identify whether any Chinese commer-cial entities that are engaged in such trade materially support illicit activities on the part of North Korea; (C) evaluate the extent to which the United States Government procures goods or services from any commercial entity identi-fied under subparagraph (B); (D) provide a list of commercial entities identified under subparagraph (B) that pro-vide defense goods or services for the Depart-ment of Defense; and (E) evaluate the ramifications to United States national security, including any im-pacts to the defense industrial base, Depart-ment of Defense acquisition programs, and Department of Defense logistics or supply chains, of prohibiting procurements from commercial entities listed under subpara-graph (D). (3) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Con-gress a report on the assessment required by paragraph (1). The report shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a clas-sified annex. (b) A
UTHORITY .—The Secretary of Defense may terminate existing contracts or prohibit the award of contracts for the procurement of goods or services for the Department of Defense from a Chinese commercial entity listed under subsection (a)(2)(D) based on a determination informed by the assessment required under subsection (a). (c) N
OTIFICATION .—The Secretary of De-fense shall submit to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress a notification of, and de-tailed justification for, any exercise of the authority in subsection (b) not less than 30 days before the date on which the authority is exercised. (d) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
AMENDMENT NO . 61 OFFERED BY MS . VELA´ZQUEZ  
OF NEW YORK  At the end of subtitle C of title VIII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 860A. EXEMPTION OF CERTAIN CONTRACTS FROM INFLATION ADJUSTMENTS. 
Subparagraph (B) of section 1908(b)(2) of title 41, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘3131 to 3134,’’ after ‘‘sections’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 62 OFFERED BY MRS . MURPHY  
OF FLORIDA  At the end of subtitle C of title VIII, insert the following: 
SEC. 8ll. INCLUSION OF SBIR AND STTR PRO-GRAMS IN TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE. 
Subsection (c) of section 2418 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘issued under’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘issued— ‘‘(1) under’’; (2) by striking ‘‘and on’’ and inserting ‘‘, and on’’; (3) by striking ‘‘requirements.’’ and insert-ing ‘‘requirements; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) under section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638), and on compliance with those requirements.’’. AMENDMENT NO . 63 OFFERED BY MR . 
FITZPATRICK OF PENNSYLVANIA  Page 345, after line 13, insert the following new section: 
SEC. 924. COMPLETION OF DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE DIRECTIVE 2310.07E REGARD-ING MISSING PERSONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall make the completion of Department of Defense Directive 2310.07E a top priority in order to improve the efficiency of locating missing persons. (b) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘missing person’’ has the meaning given such term in section 1513 of title 10, United States Code. 
AMENDMENT NO . 64 OFFERED BY MR . SOTO OF  
FLORIDA  At the end of subtitle C of title IX, insert the following: 
SEC. 9ll. RESPONSIBILITY FOR DEVELOP-MENTAL TEST AND EVALUATION WITHIN THE OFFICE OF THE SEC-RETARY OF DEFENSE. 
(a) B RIEFING ON PLANS TO ADDRESS DEVEL -
OPMENTAL TEST AND EVALUATION RESPON -
SIBILITIES WITHIN THE OFFICE OF THE SEC-
RETARY OF DEFENSE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall provide a briefing to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices of the House of Representatives on a strategy to ensure that there is sufficient ex-pertise, oversight, and policy direction on developmental test and evaluation within the Office of the Secretary of Defense after the completion of the reorganization of such Office required under section 901 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2339). (2) E
LEMENTS .—The briefing required by paragraph (1) shall address the following: (A) The structure of the roles and respon-sibilities of the senior Department of De-fense official responsible for developmental test and evaluation. (B) The location of the senior Department of Defense official responsible for develop-mental test and evaluation within the orga-nizational structure of the Office of the Sec-retary of Defense. (C) An estimate of personnel and other re-sources that should be made available to the senior Department of Defense official respon-sible for developmental test and evaluation to ensure that such official can provide inde-pendent expertise, oversight, and policy di-rection and guidance Department of Defense- wide. (D) Methods to ensure that the senior De-partment of Defense official responsible for developmental test and evaluation will be empowered to facilitate Department of De-fense-wide efficiencies by helping programs to optimize test designs. (E) Methods to ensure that an advocate for test and evaluation workforce will continue to exist within the acquisition workforce. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) developmental testing is critical to re-ducing acquisition program risk by providing valuable information to support sound deci-sion making; (2) major defense acquisition programs often do not conduct enough developmental testing, so too many problems are first iden-tified during operational testing, when they are expensive and time-consuming to fix; and (3) in order to ensure that effective devel-opmental testing is conducted on major de-fense acquisition programs, the Secretary should— (A) carefully consider where the senior De-partment of Defense official responsible for developmental test and evaluation is located within the organizational structure of the Office of the Secretary of Defense; and (B) ensure that such official has sufficient authority and resources to provide oversight and policy direction on developmental test and evaluation Department of Defense-wide. AMENDMENT NO . 65 OFFERED BY MR . SCHIFF OF  
CALIFORNIA  Page 359, after line 4, insert the following: 
SEC. 1026. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING PROVIDING FOR TIMELY VICTIM AND FAMILY TESTIMONY IN MILI-TARY COMMISSION TRIALS. 
It is the sense of Congress that in the in-terests of justice, efficiency, and providing closure to victims of terrorism and their families, military judges overseeing military commissions in United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, should consider making arrangements to take recorded testi-mony from victims and their families should they wish to provide testimony before such a commission. 
AMENDMENT NO . 66 OFFERED BY MR . SCHIFF OF  
CALIFORNIA  Page 359, after line 4, insert the following: 
SEC. 1026. AUTHORITY TO USE VIDEO TELE-CONFERENCING TECHNOLOGY IN MILITARY COMMISSION PROCE-DURES. 
Section 949d of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(e) U
SE OF VIDEO TELECONFERENCING .— The military judge may provide for the par-ticipation of the accused, defense counsel, trial counsel, and any other participants by video teleconferencing for any matter for which the military judge may call the mili-tary commission into session. Any party who participates through the use of video tele-conferencing shall be considered as present for purposes of subsection (a)(2).’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 67 OFFERED BY MR . SCHIFF OF  
CALIFORNIA  Page 359, after line 4, insert the following: 
SEC. 1026. PUBLIC AVAILABILITY OF MILITARY COMMISSION PROCEEDINGS. 
Section 949d(c) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) In the case of any proceeding of a mili-tary commission under this chapter that is made open to the public, the military judge may order arrangements for the availability of the proceeding to be watched remotely by the public through the internet.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 68 OFFERED BY MR . KILDEE OF  
MICHIGAN  Page 469, after line 17, add the following new paragraphs: (6) The projected casualties and costs asso-ciated with the deployment of members of the Armed Forces to Afghanistan. (7) The objectives of deployment of mem-bers of the Armed Forces to Afghanistan, in-cluding a time line to achieve such objec-tives as determined by the Secretary of De-fense. 
AMENDMENT NO . 69 OFFERED BY MR . DELANEY  
OF MARYLAND  Page 375, after line 8, insert the following: 
SEC. 1040. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS TO CLOSE BIOSAFETY LEVEL 4 LABORA-TORIES. 
(a) L IMITATION .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated in this Act may be used to support the closure or transfer of a biosafety level 4 laboratory until the heads 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.007 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5843 July 14, 2017 
of the Federal agencies that use the labora-tory jointly certify to the covered congres-sional committees that the closure or trans-fer of the lab would not have a negative ef-fect on biological defense capabilities and would not result in a lapse of biological de-fense capabilities. (b) C
OVERED CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES .— In this section, the term ‘‘covered congres-sional committees’’ means— (1) the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives; (2) the Committees on the Judiciary of the Senate and House of Representatives; (3) the Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence of the House of Representatives; (4) the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; (5) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; (6) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (7) the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform of the House of Representa-tives; and (8) the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and House of Representatives. 
AMENDMENT NO . 70 OFFERED BY MRS . COMSTOCK  
OF VIRGINIA  Page 378, strike lines 19 through 23. Page 396, after line 4, insert the following: (5) STARBASE 
PROGRAM REPORT .—By in- serting after paragraph (64), as added by paragraph (4), the following new paragraph: ‘‘(65) Section 2193b(g).’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 71 OFFERED BY MR . CARBAJAL  
OF CALIFORNIA  Page 383, lines 2 through 8, strike sub-section (b) of section 1051. Page 396, after line 11, insert the following: (y) P
RESERVATION OF NATIONAL GUARD  Y
OUTH CHALLENGE REPORT .—Effective as of December 23, 2016, and as if included therein as enacted, section 1061(i) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(34) Section 509(k) of title 32, United States Code.’’. Page 396, line 12, strike ‘‘(y)’’ and insert ‘‘(z)’’.14JY8. Page 396, line 13, strike ‘‘subsections (w) and (x)’’ and insert ‘‘subsections (w), (x), and (y)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 440, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) and the gentleman from Washington (Mr. S
MITH) each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. W
ITTMAN ). Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chair, I thank the distinguished gentleman for yield-ing, and I now look forward to entering into a discussion with Mr. P
OLIQUIN for the purpose of a colloquy. Mr. POLIQUIN. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. WITTMAN. I yield to the gen-tleman from Maine. Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Chair, I appre-ciate the leadership of the Armed Serv-ices Committee in the Seapower Sub-committee on both sides of the aisle to accept this amendment and its impor-tant modifications to the underlying bill provision limiting the availability of funds for prior fiscal year DDG–51 Arleigh Burke class destroyers. My revised amendment, Mr. Chair, is agreed to by the committee and, im-portantly, removes the additional, or third, fiscal year 2016 DDG–51 ship from the provision’s proposed requirements. Additionally, sir, and again, as agreed to by the committee, it states the sense of Congress that the Navy should bear the majority of the share- line risk for the fiscal year 2017 DDG– 51 Flight III destroyer contract, which will represent the first ships to inte-grate the Air and Missile Defense Radar, which is 30 times more effective and better than the legacy radar sys-tem. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chair, reclaiming my time, I thank the gentleman from Maine for working with the committee to improve the provision, while main-taining progress towards strengthening our fleet in the critical ballistic mis-sile defense mission and capability. Your amendment helps us do just that, while ensuring that we maintain the health and critical skill workforces at our two proven vital destroyer ship-builders, including Bath Iron Works in Maine. Mr. POLIQUIN. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. WITTMAN. I yield to the gen-tleman from Maine. Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman THORNBERRY and Chairman W
ITTMAN for their support on my im-portant amendment. Bath Iron Works is a critical national security asset to our country. It is a source of great pride for all Mainers, and the shipyard employs some 6,000 of our most tal-ented, hardworking citizens who care greatly about their contributions every day to keeping America safe and keep-ing America strong. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tlewoman from Florida (Mrs. M
URPHY ), a member of the Armed Services Com-mittee. Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Chair, I thank my colleagues for including my amendment in this en bloc package. My amendment will authorize Pro-curement Technical Assistance Centers to assist small business owners in pur-suing funding opportunities during all phases of the SBIR and STTR pro-grams. These Federal programs enable small businesses to perform research and de-velopment that advances the national interests and has the potential for commercialization. My central Florida district is primed to benefit from these programs since it is home to a large and growing number of small firms that harness the power of technology, produce innovative products for customers in the public and private sector, and, in the process, create well-paying jobs and generate broad-based economic growth. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
ITTENGER ). Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Chairman, I would like to also thank Chairman T
HORNBERRY and Chairman S ESSIONS  for making my amendment in order and allowing floor consideration. Mr. Chairman, my amendment is simple. It prohibits telecommuni-cations companies that provide mate-rial support for North Korea cyber at-tacks from contracting with our De-fense Department. While my amendment is simple in nature, it strikes at the heart of what I believe to be the cornerstone of North Korea policy. For far too long, China has enabled the North Korean Government to pur-sue nuclear development, global provo-cation, and egregious human rights violations. The Chinese Government is simply not a good faith partner on the issue of North Korea. For example, there have been mul-tiple public reports indicating that China’s largest government-affiliated telecommunications firm, Huawei, has been subpoenaed by the Commerce De-partment as part of an ongoing inves-tigation into whether it broke our ex-port control laws by conducting busi-ness with North Korea. Additionally, earlier this year, a similar Chinese Government-affiliated firm, ZTE, was hit with a record-break-ing billion-dollar fine in connection with comparable North Korea-related export violations. Mr. Chairman, my amendment is one of many steps that our Congress needs to take to demonstrate to China we will no longer tolerate its alliance and partnership with North Korea. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ). Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chairman, I appre-ciate the majority for including my amendment in this bloc. My amendment is straightforward, Mr. Chairman. It recognizes that any U.S. strategy for Syria must acknowl-edge and respond to the tremendous suffering of civilians, including the millions who have been forced from their homes, who face starvation, chol-era, a lack of access to adequate healthcare and education, not as an afterthought, but as an active impera-tive. The Trump administration has al-ready used the suffering created by the use of chemical weapons as a reason for expanding U.S. involvement in Syria and to launch attacks against the Syr-ian Government. My amendment would ask the administration for a descrip-tion of the legal authority relied upon or needed for the use of U.S. military force in Syria, information which is even more critical now, given the re-cent attacks by U.S. forces against the Syrian Government and reports that we may continue to send more troops into Syria. It is foolhardy and unwise for us to think that the suffering being imposed upon innocent civilians in Syria should not be a consideration in any U.S. re-sponse or strategy outlining how mili-tary forces or aid will be used there. The humanitarian crisis spawned by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.007 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5844 July 14, 2017 
conflict directly impacts our national security efforts. We ignore it at our own peril. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OSKAM ). Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman T
HORNBERRY , and I rise today in strong support of the Lamborn amendment requiring a report on Iran’s use of commercial aircraft to support terrorist groups in rogue re-gimes around the Middle East. The Lamborn amendment delivers a simple message to Iran, to Assad, and all companies considering selling air-craft to the world’s leading state spon-sor of terrorism, and that is: Congress is watching. Congress is watching midnight flights take off from military bases in Iran and land in war-torn Damascus carrying terrorists, guns, and explo-sives, which will only be used to shed more innocent blood in the Syrian civil war. Congress is watching as Boeing and Airbus shake hands and cut deals with former leaders of Iran’s National Revo-lutionary Guard Corps like Hossein Alaei, CEO of Aseman Airlines, who has called to destroy U.S. naval ships sailing in international waters. Congress is watching as iconic Amer-ican and European companies are choosing to fuel Iran’s terror campaign around the world. Mr. Chair, Congress is watching, and Congress will act to ensure that West-ern companies do not become complicit in the Syrian massacre. Please support the Lamborn amend-ment. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. P
LASKETT ). Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Chair, I want to thank the chairman and ranking mem-ber for agreeing to include my amend-ment en bloc in the NDAA. The amendment that we have is a transitioning of the Virgin Islands Ac-tive Guard and Reserve from overseas housing allowance to basic allowance for housing. We know that, in 2013, the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Per-sonnel and Readiness reported that a change would be feasible and would not be difficult to allow Virgin Islands Ac-tive Guard and Reserve members to be part of the basic housing allowance. Congress didn’t intend inequitable and unfair treatment to the Virgin Is-lands Active Guard and Reserve mem-bers, and this amendment provides an equitable solution to the disparate treatment of the housing allowance for Virgin Islands Active Guard and Re-serve members. We are grateful for the support and are thankful that our servicemembers will now, in their housing, be treated the same as those in the 50 States and the District of Columbia. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODYB. H ICE). Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the amendments offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DESANTIS ) and the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
ITTENGER ). As we all know, North Korea has tar-geted the United States with cyber at-tacks, and they are well on their way to being able to strike the United States with conventional and nuclear weapons. These two amendments would prohibit the Department of Defense from contracting with telecom compa-nies found to be complicit with North Korean cyber attacks or Chinese com-panies found to be providing support for the North Korean regime. There is no reason that we should be con-tracting with countries that are en-emies of the United States. I also support the amendment offered by my friend from Michigan (Mr. B
ISHOP ). Without a doubt, NATO is the greatest military alliance in the world, but that alliance works most effec-tively when the members of those var-ious countries are pulling their weight and fulfilling their commitments in re-gard to their own defense budgets. This amendment calls on the President to encourage NATO allies to fulfill their commitments and to recognize those who are currently doing so. I wholeheartedly agree with these amendments, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. N
OLAN ). b0945 Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Chairman, my first amendment simply declares that none of the funds authorized to be appro-priated in this bill can be used to de-ploy members of the Armed Forces to participate in the ongoing civil war in Yemen. By passing this amendment, we en-sure that no hero, no patriot in a U.S. military uniform will be put in harm’s way in a conflict that can only be set-tled by the parties involved. My second amendment simply cuts off funds to any so-called friendly rebels in Iraq or Syria who make a mockery of our good intentions by mis-using American arms and resources, and, in far too many instances, using them against us. We have already spent trillions of dollars, lost thousands of precious lives in these endless wars of choice in the Middle East. It is time to put a stop to it, time to start investing in America and the American people. So I urge the adoption of these amendments en bloc. I would only add that the President, in his last campaign, had a message that we need to embrace, and I think the en bloc group of amendments takes us in that direction. He pointed out we spend $6 trillion in Iraq and Afghani-stan alone. For one of those trillion, we could have graduated every kid in America from college debt-free. For an-other one of those trillion, there is your trillion dollars for infrastructure to fix the trains that are coming off the track and the bridges that are fall-ing down. For another one of those tril-lion, we could have found a cure for cancer or Alzheimer’s or diabetes, and we still would have had $3 trillion for deficit reduction. I applaud this committee for all the work that they are doing and the direc-tion that they are taking us back to in getting us out of these endless wars of choice and start reinvesting in Amer-ica, the American people, and the American infrastructure. That creates good jobs and the quality of life that we embrace. To be sure, we must have a strong na-tional security. There are evil people and evil forces out there that we need to protect ourselves against, but that doesn’t mean we have to get involved in every civil war and every war of choice in the world. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OHRABACHER ). Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of this en bloc package. I especially want to thank the chair-man for including my amendment as part of the other very positive amend-ments that he has included in this en bloc package. My amendment would condition the allocation of certain funds to Pakistan upon a certification from the Secretary of Defense that Pakistan is not using its military or its funds or equipment provided by the United States to re-press minority groups, and to make sure that they do not repress these mi-nority groups who are seeking their own political or religious freedom. At a time of high budgets, we should reserve our aid for friends and allies, and end assistance to Pakistan in par-ticular, which does not meet the stand-ards of decency and freedom that the American people believe have to be part of any decision that we make here. Pakistan has acted as an adversary not only to the United States, but has been aiding our enemies and repressing its own people. Let us not forget that Pakistan harbored Osama bin Laden. This is the prime mover, the man who organized the slaughter of 3,000 Ameri-cans. We are fools if we continue to sup-port a regime like that in Pakistan today that represses its own people and is using what we give them to actually do things that make us less safe as a people and put us in jeopardy with the terrorists around the world. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman for including my amendment to the en bloc package. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
OULTON ), a member of the Armed Services Committee. Mr. MOULTON. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman and the ranking member for including this amendment in the en 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.016 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5845 July 14, 2017 
bloc package, because I remain con-cerned about the lack of a clear plan or strategy in Syria. As the Syrian opposition supported by U.S. and coalition forces fight to liberate Raqqa from ISIS control, we are confronted with the complex and critical question of what comes next. Freeing Syrians from the brutality of ISIS is but one part of a complex, grinding civil war that began with the Assad regime’s heinous violence against civilians and has endured for over 6 years, with over 400,000 Syrians killed, 6 billion Syrians displaced with-in Syria, and over 4.5 million forced to flee as refugees. We now have over 500 U.S. troops de-ployed to Syria to advise and assist Syrian opposition forces. However, we have yet to have a clear, comprehen-sive political strategy that describes what the end goals are for U.S. involve-ment and how we hope to achieve those goals. This amendment requires just that, and follows a similar effort I led with General and Representative J
OHN B
ACON on Iraq that received bipartisan support in the Armed Services Com-mittee last year. This amendment requires a com-prehensive political and military strat-egy for U.S. policy in Syria to be sub-mitted by the Departments of Defense and State to Congress and the Amer-ican people within 90 days of enact-ment. We owe it to our troops, those young men and women whom we ask to risk their lives in Syria today, to tell them what their job is, what it entails, what the end goal is, and why it is worth the risks that they take every single day. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ). Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman T
HORNBERRY for yielding and for his great work leading us on the NDAA. I would like to address two amend-ments that are coming up in en bloc packages. First of all, on Iran, my amendment to the NDAA, No. 361, requires the President, along with various agencies, to provide the House with a report re-garding Iran’s use of commercial air-craft for illicit activities. I am doing this with Representative R
OSKAM . Diligent research from think tanks, such as the Foundation for Defense of Democracies and the American Enter-prise Institute, have demonstrated the need for the intelligence community to provide Congress with a report of their activities. In total, Iran Air, Mahan Air, Pouya Air, Cham Wings Airlines, and the Ira-nian Air Force operated at least 404 flights from Iran to Syria since the Iran nuclear deal was adopted on July 14, 2015. Now, this report does not block the sale of commercial aircraft to Iran, but asks the intelligence community to take a serious look at these sales so Congress can determine if they should continue. The other amendment I would like to address, Mr. Chairman, is No. 364 on boost-phase missile defense. Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman THORNBERRY for in-cluding this amendment, which was co-sponsored by Mr. K
INZINGER , Mr. H UN-
TER, Mr. F RANKS , and Mr. W ILSON from South Carolina, to advance boost-phase missile defense programs. As you know, ballistic missiles are at their most defenseless when they are in their boost phase, the initial phase of flight. They are at their slowest, and they have not yet deployed decoys and countermeasures that would make it more difficult to shoot them down in later phases of flight. This amendment will make Ameri-cans safer as we move towards advanc-ing this absolutely critical technology. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I have no further speakers on this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, neither do I have other speakers on this en bloc package, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORN -
BERRY ). The en bloc amendments were agreed to. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . 
THORNBERRY OF TEXAS  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, pursuant to House Resolution 440, I offer amendments en bloc. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. Amendments en bloc No. 4 consisting of amendment Nos. 72, 73, 74, 75, 76, 77, 78, 79, 80, 81, 82, 83, 84, 85, 86, 87, 88, 89, 90, and 91, printed in House Report 115– 217, offered by Mr. T
HORNBERRY of Texas: 
AMENDMENT NO . 72 OFFERED BY MR . 
GOTTHEIMER OF NEW JERSEY  Page 386, beginning on line 11, strike sub-section (l). Page 396, after line 11, insert the following: (y) A
NNUAL REPORT ON SUPPORT TO LAW E
NFORCEMENT AGENCIES CONDUCTING  C
OUNTER -TERRORISM ACTIVITIES .—Effective as of December 23, 2016, and as if included therein as enacted, section 1061(d) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(5) Section 1022(c).’’. Page 396, line 12, strike ‘‘(y)’’ and insert ‘‘(z)’’. Page 396, lines 12 through 13, strike ‘‘sub-sections (w) and (x)’’ and insert ‘‘subsections (w), (x), and (y)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 73 OFFERED BY MR . 
FITZPATRICK OF PENNSYLVANIA  At the end of subtitle E of title X, add the following new section: 
SEC. 1058. STUDY ON HEALTH EFFECTS OF EXPO-SURE TO PERFLUOROOCTANE SULFONATE AND PERFLUOROOCTANOIC ACID FROM FIREFIGHTING FOAM USED AT MILI-TARY INSTALLATIONS. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Administrator of the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry, shall carry out a study on any health effects experienced by individuals who are exposed to perfluorooctane sulfonate and perfluorooctanoic acid from firefighting foam used at military installations or former military installations, including ex-posure through a well that provides water for human consumption that the Secretary determines is contaminated with perfluorooctane sulfonate and perfluorooctanoic acid from such firefighting foam. (b) DESIGN OF STUDY .—The Secretary shall ensure that the study under subsection (a) meets the following criteria: (1) The study includes a review of relevant literature. (2) The study includes community input through community advisory groups or focus groups. (3) The study identifies existing research regarding health effects relating to exposure described in subsection (a). (4) The study includes protocols based on expertise from epidemiologists. (5) The study identifies and characterizes one or more sources of water contamination and collects preliminary information on the magnitude and distribution of such exposure. (6) Based on the information learned under paragraphs (1) through (5), the study deter-mines the specific health effects and perfluorooctane sulfonates and perfluorooctanoic acids to evaluate. (7) The study includes biomonitoring from a sample of community members, including with respect to specific subgroups considered at risk for such exposure. (8) The study collects data on possible bio-logical changes potentially associated with such exposure. (9) The study includes detailed exposure and health questionnaires. (10) The study includes the review of med-ical records. (11) The study analyzes data for an associa-tion between such exposure and potential health effects. (c) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than five years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees the study under subsection (a). The Secretary shall make such study publicly available pursuant to section 122a of title 10, United States Code. 
AMENDMENT NO . 74 OFFERED BY MR . BRENDAN F . 
BOYLE OF PENNSYLVANIA  At the end of title X, add the following new section: 
SEC. 10ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON CYBERSE-CURITY COOPERATION WITH UKRAINE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) There is a strong history of cyber at-tacks in Ukraine. (2) The United States supports Ukraine and the European Deterrence Initiative. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the United States reaffirms support for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine; and (2) the United States should assist Ukraine in improving its cybersecurity capabilities. 
AMENDMENT NO . 75 OFFERED BY MS . EDDIE  
BERNICE JOHNSON OF TEXAS  At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following new section: 
SEC. ll. APOLLO I MEMORIAL. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) On January 27, 1967, NASA Astronauts Command Pilot Virgil I. ‘‘Gus’’ Grissom, Senior Pilot Edward H. White II, and Pilot 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.017 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5846 July 14, 2017 
Roger B. Chaffee were killed in an electrical fire that broke out inside the Apollo I Com-mand Module on Launch Pad 34 at the Ken-nedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Flor-ida. (2) Command Pilot Virgil Grissom was se-lected by NASA in 1959 as one of the original seven Mercury astronauts. He piloted the Liberty Bell 7 spacecraft on July 21, 1963, on the second and final Mercury suborbital test flight, served as command pilot on the first manned Gemini flight on March 23, 1965, and was named as Command Pilot of the first Apollo flight. He began his career in the United States Army Air Corps and was a Lieutenant Colonel in the United States Air Force at the time of the accident, and he is buried at Arlington National Cemetery. (3) Senior Pilot Edward H. White II was se-lected by NASA as a member of the second astronaut team in 1962. He piloted the Gem-ini-4 mission, a 4-day mission that took place in June 1965, during which he con-ducted the first extravehicular activity in the United States human spaceflight pro-gram. He was named as Command Module Pilot for the first Apollo flight. He began his career as a cadet in United States Military Academy at West Point and was a Lieuten-ant Colonel in the United States Air Force at the time of the accident. (4) Pilot Roger B. Chaffee was selected by NASA as part of the third group of astro-nauts in 1963. He was named as the Lunar Module Pilot for the first Apollo flight. He began his career as a ROTC cadet before commissioning as an ensign in the United States Navy, he was a Lieutenant Com-mander in the United States Navy at the time of the accident, and he is buried at Ar-lington National Cemetery. (5) All 3 astronauts were posthumously awarded the Congressional Space Medal of Honor. (6) As Arlington National Cemetery is where we recognize heroes who have passed in the service of our Nation, it is fitting on the 50th anniversary of the Apollo I accident that we acknowledge those astronauts by building a memorial in their honor. (b) C
ONSTRUCTION OF MEMORIAL TO THE  C
REW OF THE APOLLO I LAUNCH TESTACCI-
DENT AT ARLINGTON NATIONAL CEMETERY .— (1) C
ONSTRUCTION REQUIRED .—The Sec-retary of the Army shall, in consultation with the Administrator of the National Aer-onautics and Space Administration, con-struct at an appropriate place in Arlington National Cemetery, Virginia, a memorial marker honoring the three members of the crew of the Apollo I crew who died during a launch rehearsal test on January 27, 1967, in Cape Canaveral, Florida. (2) F
UNDING .—Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated in section 4201 for manage-ment support, Space and Missile Center (SMC) civilian workforce (Line 152), as speci-fied in the corresponding funding table in section 4201, $50,000 shall be available for the construction required under paragraph (1) of this subsection. 
AMENDMENT NO . 76 OFFERED BY MR . WILSON OF  
SOUTH CAROLINA  Page 451, after line 6, insert the following: 
SEC. 1073. NATIONAL STRATEGY FOR COUN-TERING VIOLENT EXTREMIST GROUPS. 
(a) S TRATEGY REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than June 1, 2018, the President shall submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a report on a comprehensive, interagency national strat-egy for countering violent extremist groups. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The comprehensive, inter-agency national strategy required by para-graph (1) shall include the following ele-ments: (A) Identification and prioritization of the threats, including a description of capability and intent posed to the United States and United States interests, from violent ex-tremist groups and their ideologies, by re-gion and affiliated group, including any state-sponsors for such groups. (B) Identification of the interagency tools for combating and countering violent ex-tremist groups, including— (i) countering violent extremist group mes-saging and ideological support; (ii) combating terrorist group financing; intelligence gathering and cooperation; (iii) law enforcement activities; sanctions; counterterrorism and counterintelligence ac-tivities; (iv) support to civil-society groups, com-mercial entities, allies and counter radicalization activities of such groups; and (v) support by the Armed Forces of the United States to combat violent extremist groups. (C) Use of, coordination with, or liaison to international partners, non-governmental organizations, or commercial entities that support United States policy goals in coun-tering violent extremist ideologies and orga-nizations. (D) Synchronization processes for these use of these interagency tools against the pri-ority threats, including the roles and respon-sibilities of the Global Engagement Center, as well as the National Security Council in coordinating the interagency tools. (E) Recommendations for improving co-ordination between Federal Government agencies, as well as with State, local, inter-national, and non-governmental entities. (F) Other matters as the President con-siders appropriate. (b) ASSESSMENT .—Not later than one year after the date of the submission of the strat-egy required by subsection (a), the President shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress an assessment of the strategy, including— (1) the status of implementation of the strategy; (2) progress toward the achievement of benchmarks or implementation of any rec-ommendations; and (3) any changes to the strategy since such submission. (c) F
ORM.—Each report required by this section shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (d) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON-
GRESS .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committees on Foreign Relations, Armed Services, Appropriations, Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, and the Judiciary and the Select Committee on In-telligence of the Senate; and (2) the Committees on Foreign Affairs, Armed Services, Appropriations, Homeland Security, and the Judiciary and the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
AMENDMENT NO . 77 OFFERED BY MR . 
THORNBERRY OF TEXAS  At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1073. ADEQUACY OF THE REPORT ON THE VULNERABILITIES OF THE DEFENSE INDUSTRIAL BASE. 
(a) C OMPREHENSIVE REPORT ON  V
ULNERABILITIES OF , AND CONCENTRATION OF  P
URCHASES IN , THE DEFENSE INDUSTRIAL  B
ASE.— (1) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and at least annually until September 30, 2023, be-fore March 31, thereafter the President shall issue to the appropriate congressional com-mittees a comprehensive report combining all of the elements of the reports described in paragraph (4) and any other relevant re-ports on the adequacy of, vulnerabilities of, and concentration of purchases in the de-fense industrial sector. (2) CONSULTATION .—In preparing a report under paragraph (1), the President shall con-sult with the Secretary of State, the Sec-retary of the Treasury, the Secretary of De-fense, the Attorney General, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Director of National Intelligence, the Director of the National Se-curity Agency and such other cabinet offi-cials and heads of Federal departments and agencies? as the President determines to be appropriate. (3) F
ORM OF REPORT .—Each report issued under paragraph (1) shall be in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. (4) L
IST OF REPORTS .—Each report issued under paragraph (1) shall contain all rel-evant information and analysis from the fol-lowing reports, as well as such other rel-evant information as the President deter-mines to be appropriate: (A) The report described under section 721(m) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(m)), relating to concentra-tions of purchases of the defense industrial base. (B) The report described under section 723(a) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4568(a)), relating to offsets in de-fense production. (C) The report described under section 2504 of title 10, United States Code, relating to annual industrial capabilities. (D) The ‘‘Report on Defense Industrial Base’’ described under section 842(c) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Years 1990 and 1991. (E) The ‘‘Study of Field Failures Involving Counterfeit Electronic Parts’’ described under section 238 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. (F) The ‘‘Report on Alternative Capabili-ties to Procure and Sustain Nonstandard Ro-tary Wing Aircraft Historically Procured Through Rosoboronexport’’ described under section 1249 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. (G) The report described under section 843 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2011, relating to rare earth materials critical to national se-curity. (H) The ‘‘Biennial Report on Nuclear Triad’’ described under section 1054 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011. (I) The ‘‘Report on Solid Rocket Motor In-dustrial Base’’described under section 1050 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008. (J) The ‘‘Assessment of United States De-fense Industrial Base Capabilities’’ described under section 812 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004. (K) The report related to ‘‘Monitoring and Enforcement of Mitigation Agreements Re-lated to Foreign Investment in the United States’’ described under House Report 113- 102. (L) The additive manufacturing rec-ommendation described in House Report 113- 446. (M) The ‘‘Assessment of the directed en-ergy industrial base’’ described in House Re-port 114-102. (b) C
OMPREHENSIVE DATABASE OF PROPOSED  T
RANSACTIONS OR PURCHASES IN THE DEFENSE  I
NDUSTRIAL BASEINVOLVING A FOREIGN PER-
SON.— (1) E
STABLISHMENT AND MAINTENANCE OF  
DATABASE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The President shall es-tablish and keep current a database of pro-posed transactions that would result in all 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.010 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5847 July 14, 2017 
of, a substantial part of, or a controlling in-terest in, a U. S. corporation, or the U. S. as-sets of a foreign corporation, being owned or controlled by a foreign person, in the defense industrial base and any manufacturing or in-tellectual property related to the defense in-dustrial base. (B) C
ONFIDENTIALITY OF INFORMATION .—Ex- cept as provided under subparagraph (C), the President shall ensure that the information contained in the database is kept confiden-tial. (C) A
CCESS TO DATABASE .—The President shall— (i) ensure that access to information in the database is strictly controlled; (ii) make the database available to the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary of Defense, the At-torney General, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Director of National Intel-ligence, and the National Security Agency, with such limitations as the President may determine appropriate; (iii) require that records are kept each time a person accesses information in the database; and (iv) require that any person receiving in-formation from the database continues to preserve the confidentiality of the informa-tion. (2) M
ANDATORY FILING REQUIREMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to any pro-posed transaction described under paragraph (1)(A), the proposed purchaser and proposed seller in such proposed transaction shall file, and keep current, a report with the database containing a description of the proposed transaction. (B) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR PROPOSED  
TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING A FOREIGN GOVERN -
MENT -CONTROLLED CORPORATION .—If, with re-spect to proposed transaction described in subparagraph (A), any foreign person is a for-eign government-controlled corporation, the report required under subparagraph (A) shall also disclose whether such foreign govern-ment-controlled corporation is— (i) a Chinese corporation; (ii) a Russian corporation; (iii) an Iranian corporation; or (iv) a North Korean corporation. (C) C
IVIL PENALTY .—Any person who will-fully violates a provision of this paragraph shall be fined not more than $100,000 per vio-lation. (c) D
EFENSE INDUSTRIAL BASE TECH-
NOLOGIES CONTROLLED .— (1) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that statutes and mechanisms to control the export of critical technologies or related intellectual property must be kept up-to-date, reflecting changes in the defense industrial base, technology, and the global market, in order to adequately protect United States national security. (2) R
EPORT .—Annually, until September 30, 2023, before March 31, the President shall de-liver to the appropriate congressional com-mittees a report describing any need for re-forms of policies governing the export of technology or related intellectual property, along with any proposed legislative changes the President believes are necessary. (d) S
EPARATE REPORTS REQUIRED .—The re- ports required under subsections (a)(1) and (c)(2) may be issued concurrently, but shall be issued as separate reports. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Financial Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions, and the Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the Senate. (2) DATABASE .—The term ‘‘database’’ means the database established pursuant to subsection (b)(1)(A). (3) D
EFENSE INDUSTRIAL BASE .—The term ‘‘defense industrial base’’ shall have the meaning given the term ‘‘national tech-nology and industrial base’’ within the con-text of section 2503 of title 10, United States Code. (4) D
EFINITIONS RELATED TO CORPORA -
TIONS .— (A) C
ORPORATION .—The term ‘‘corporation’’ means a corporation, partnership, or other organization. (B) F
OREIGN CORPORATION .—The term ‘‘for-eign corporation’’ means a corporation orga-nized under the laws of a foreign country. (C) U.S. 
CORPORATION .—The term ‘‘U.S. cor-poration’’ means a corporation organized under the laws of the United States. 
AMENDMENT NO . 78 OFFERED BY MR . MOULTON  
OF MASSACHUSETTS  At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following new section: 
SEC. 10ll. FEDERAL CHARTER FOR SPIRIT OF AMERICA. 
(a) F EDERAL CHARTER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Part B of subtitle II of title 36, United States Code, is amended by inserting after chapter 2003 the following new chapter: ‘‘CHAPTER 2005—SPIRIT OF AMERICA ‘‘Sec. ‘‘200501. Organization. ‘‘200502. Purposes. ‘‘200503. Powers. ‘‘200504. Duty to maintain tax-exempt status. ‘‘200505. Annual report. ‘‘§ 200501. Organization ‘‘(a) F
EDERAL CHARTER .—Spirit of America (in this chapter ‘the corporation’), a non-profit corporation, is a federally chartered corporation. ‘‘(b) E
XPIRATION OF CHARTER .—If the cor-poration does not comply with the provisions of this chapter, the charter granted by this chapter expires. ‘‘(c) S
COPE OF CHARTER .—Nothing in the charter granted by this chapter shall be con-strued as conferring special rights or privi-leges upon the corporation, or as placing upon the Department of Defense any obliga-tion with respect to the corporation. ‘‘§ 200502. Purposes ‘‘The purposes of the corporation are as provided in its constitution and bylaws and include the following patriotic, charitable, and inspirational purposes: ‘‘(1) To respond to the needs of local popu-lations abroad, as identified by members of the Armed Forces and diplomats of the United States abroad. ‘‘(2) To provide privately-funded humani-tarian, economic, and other nonlethal assist-ance to address such needs. ‘‘(3) To support the safety and success of members of the Armed Forces and diplomats of the United States abroad. ‘‘(4) To connect the people of the United States more closely to the members of the Armed Forces and diplomats of the United States abroad, and to the missions carried out by such personnel abroad. ‘‘(5) To demonstrate the goodwill of the people of the United States to peoples around the world. ‘‘§ 200503. Powers ‘‘The corporation may— ‘‘(1) adopt and amend a constitution, by- laws, and regulations to carry out the pur-poses of the corporation; ‘‘(2) adopt and alter a corporate seal; ‘‘(3) establish and maintain offices to con-duct its activities; ‘‘(4) enter into contracts; ‘‘(5) acquire, own, lease, encumber, and transfer property as necessary and appro-priate to carry out the purposes of the cor-poration; ‘‘(6) establish, regulate, and discontinue subordinate State and territorial subdivi-sions and local chapters or posts; ‘‘(7) publish a magazine and other publica-tions (including through the Internet); ‘‘(8) sue and be sued; and ‘‘(9) do any other act necessary and proper to carry out the purposes of the corporation as provided in its constitution, by-laws, and regulations. ‘‘§ 200504. Duty to maintain tax-exempt status ‘‘If the corporation fails to maintain its status as an organization exempt from tax-ation under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, the charter granted under this chapter shall terminate. ‘‘§ 200505. Annual report ‘‘The corporation shall submit an annual report to Congress on the activities of the corporation during the prior fiscal year. The report shall be submitted at the same time as the report of the audit required by section 10101 of this title. The report may not be printed as a public document.’’. (2) TABLES OF CHAPTERS .—The table of chapters at the beginning of title 36, United States Code, and at the beginning of subtitle II of such title, are each amended by insert-ing after the item relating to chapter 2003 the following new item: ‘‘2005. Spirit of America 200501.’’. ......(b) D
ISTRIBUTION OF CORPORATION ASSIST -
ANCE ABROAD THROUGH DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE .— (1) A
CCEPTANCE AND COORDINATION OF AS -
SISTANCE .—The Department of Defense (in-cluding members of the Armed Forces) may, in the discretion of the Secretary of Defense and in accordance with guidance issued by the Secretary— (A) accept from Spirit of America, a feder-ally-chartered corporation under chapter 2005 of title 36, United States Code (as added by subsection (a)), humanitarian, economic, and other nonlethal assistance funded by pri-vate funds in the carrying out of the pur-poses of the corporation; and (B) respond to requests from the corpora-tion for the identification of the needs of local populations abroad for assistance, and coordinate with the corporation in the provi-sion and distribution of such assistance, in the carrying out of such purposes. (2) D
ISTRIBUTION OF ASSISTANCE TO LOCAL  
POPULATIONS .—In accordance with guidance issued by the Secretary, members of the Armed Forces abroad may provide to local populations abroad humanitarian, economic, and other nonlethal assistance provided to the Department by the corporation pursuant to this subsection. (3) S
COPE OF GUIDANCE .—The guidance issued pursuant to this subsection shall en-sure that any assistance distributed pursu-ant to this subsection shall be for purposes of supporting the mission or missions of the Department and the Armed Forces for which such assistance is provided by the corpora-tion. (4) D
OD SUPPORT FOR CORPORATION ACTIVI -
TIES.—In accordance with guidance issued by the Secretary, the Department and the Armed Forces may— (A) provide transportation, lodging, stor-age, and other logistical support— (i) to personnel of the corporation (whether in the United States or abroad) who are car-rying out the purposes of the corporation; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.010 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5848 July 14, 2017 
(ii) in connection with the acceptance and distribution of assistance provided by the corporation; and (B) use assets of the Department and the Armed Forces in the provision of support de-scribed in subparagraph (A). 
AMENDMENT NO . 79 OFFERED BY MR . CONNOLLY  
OF VIRGINIA  At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following new section: 
SEC. 10ll. AIR TRANSPORTATION OF CIVILIAN DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PER-SONNEL TO AND FROM AFGHANI-STAN. 
(a) P OLICY REVIEW .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall conduct a pol-icy review regarding the use of commercial air transportation or alternative forms of air transportation to transport civilian per-sonnel of the Department of Defense to and from Afghanistan. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 90 days after the completion of the policy re-view required by subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report on the results of such review. (c) U
PDATED GUIDELINES .—Not later than 90 days after the completion of the policy re-view required by subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall issue updated guidelines, based on the report submitted under subsection (b), regarding the use of commercial air trans-portation or alternative forms of air trans-portation to transport civilian personnel of the Department to and from Afghanistan. 
AMENDMENT NO . 80 OFFERED BY MR . DAVIDSON  
OF OHIO  Page 451, after line 6, insert the following: 
SEC. 10ll. COLLABORATION BETWEEN FAA AND DOD ON UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYS-TEMS. 
(a) C OLLABORATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration and the Secretary of Defense are encouraged to col-laborate on sense-and-avoid capabilities for unmanned aircraft systems. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The collaboration described in paragraph (1) should include the following: (A) Sharing information on safely inte-grating unmanned aircraft systems and manned aircraft in the national airspace sys-tem. (B) Building upon the experience of the De-partment of Defense, including the Air Force, to inform the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration’s development of civil stand-ards, policies, and procedures for integrating unmanned aircraft systems in the nation air-space system. (C) Informing— (i) development of airborne and ground- based sense-and-avoid capabilities for un-manned aircraft systems; and (ii) research and development on un-manned aircraft systems, especially with re-spect to matters involving human factors, information assurance, and security. (b) P
ARTICIPATION BY FAA INDOD A CTIVI -
TIES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration is encour-aged to participate, and provide assistance for participation, in test and evaluation ef-forts of the Department of Defense, including the Air Force, relating to airborne and ground-based sense-and-avoid capabilities for unmanned aircraft systems. (2) P
ARTICIPATION THROUGH CENTERS OF EX -
CELLENCE AND TEST SITES .—Participation under paragraph (1) may include provision of assistance through unmanned aircraft sys-tems test sites. (c) U
NMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘unmanned aircraft system’’ has the meaning given that term in section 331 of the FAA Moderniza-tion and Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law 112– 95; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note). AMENDMENT NO . 81 OFFERED BY MR . 
ROHRABACHER OF CALIFORNIA  Page 473, line 15, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 473, line 17, strike the period at the end and insert a semicolon. Page 473, after line 17, insert the following: (C) in paragraph (3), strike ‘‘and’’ at the end; (D) in paragraph (4), strike the period at the end and insert ‘‘; and’’ ; and (E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) Pakistan is not using its military or any funds or equipment provided by the United States to persecute minority groups seeking political or religious freedom, in-cluding the Balochi, Sindhi, and Hazara eth-nic groups and minority religious groups, in-cluding Christian, Hindu, and Ahmadiyya Muslim.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 82 OFFERED BY MR . POE OF  
TEXAS  Page 473, line 15, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 473, line 17, strike the period at the end and insert a semicolon. Page 473, after line 17, insert the following: (C) in paragraph (3), strike ‘‘and’’ at the end; (D) in paragraph (4), strike the period at the end and insert ‘‘; and’’; and (E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) Pakistan is not providing military, fi-nancial, or logistical support to specially designated global terrorists operating in Af-ghanistan or Pakistan.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 83 OFFERED BY MS . MOORE OF  
WISCONSIN  Page 474, line 21, insert after ‘‘objectives’’ the following: ‘‘, including the funding esti-mated to be needed each year by the Depart-ment of Defense and by the Department of State (including the United States Agency for International Development)’’. Page 475, after line 15, insert the following: (9) A description of the legal authority needed to introduce United States ground combat forces in Syria or needed to accom-plish long term and short term military ob-jectives in Syria and a description of the ca-pabilities and willingness of the Syrian gov-ernment (and its allies) to use chemical or other weapons of mass destructions against its citizens and potentially United States and associated military forces Syria. (10) A description of all necessary contact between the United States and the govern-ments of Russia and other state actors in order to achieve the United States strategy in Syria. Page 475, after line 22, insert the following new section: 
SEC. 1221A. REPORT ON IMPACT OF HUMANI-TARIAN CRISIS ON ACHIEVEMENT OF UNITED STATES SECURITY OB-JECTIVES IN SYRIA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than February 1, 2018, the Secretary of Defense, in coordina-tion with the Secretary of State, shall sub-mit to the appropriate congressional com-mittees (as defined in section 1221(c)) a re-port that provides an assessment of the im-pact of the humanitarian crisis in Syria on the achievement of goals of the United States in the region, such as destroying and dismantling the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant and peace and stability in Syria and the broader region. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The assessment under sub-section (a) shall include a description of— (1) the response of the United States to the short-term and long-term humanitarian cri-sis in Syria caused by attacks on the people of Syria by its government, including at-tacks on hospitals and other medical and educational facilities; and (2) how the United States intends to sup-port the needs of refugees and internally dis-placed populations and intends to improve access to humanitarian aid for areas where such aid has been blocked. AMENDMENT NO . 84 OFFERED BY MR . NOLAN OF  
MINNESOTA  Page 555, after line 12, insert the following: (e) N
OAUTHORIZATION FOR DEPLOYMENT OF  A
RMED FORCES .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act are au-thorized to be made available to deploy members of the Armed Forces to participate in the ongoing civil war in Yemen. 
AMENDMENT NO . 85 OFFERED BY MS . MICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM OF NEW MEXICO  At the end of title XI, add the following: 
SEC. 1109. BRIEFING ON DIVERSITY IN THE CIVIL-IAN WORKFORCE ON AIR FORCE IN-STALLATIONS. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall brief the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Rep-resentatives on efforts to increase diversity in the civilian workforce on each Air Force installation, including regional and State de-mographics regarding diversity. 
AMENDMENT NO . 86 OFFERED BY MR . GALLEGO  
OF ARIZONA  At the end of subtitle C of title XII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 12l. REPORTS ON DEPLOYMENT OF UNITED STATES COMBAT FORCES TO SYRIA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall sub-mit to Congress a report on the deployment of United States combat forces to Syria, in-cluding number of troops, extent of deploy-ment, and purpose of deployment. (b) D
EADLINE .—The President shall submit the report required under subsection (a) not later than 90 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act and every 90 days thereafter through the end of calendar year 2020. 
AMENDMENT NO . 87 OFFERED BY MR . LAMBORN  
OF COLORADO  At the end of subtitle C of title XII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 12l. REPORT ON USE BY THE GOVERNMENT OF IRAN OF COMMERCIAL AIRCRAFT AND RELATED SERVICES FOR IL-LICIT ACTIVITIES. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the President, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the Director of National Intelligence, shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Committee on Financial Services, and the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the House of Rep-resentatives a report on use by the Govern-ment of Iran of commercial aircraft and re-lated services for illicit activities. (b) E
LEMENTS OF REPORT .—The report re-quired under subsection (a) shall include a description of the extent to which— (1) the Government of Iran is using com-mercial aircraft, including aircraft of Iran Air, or related services to transport illicit cargo to or from Iran, including military goods, weapons, military personnel, mili-tary-related electronic parts and mechanical equipment, or rocket or missile components; and (2) the commercial aviation sector of Iran, including Iran Air, is providing financial, material, or technological support to the Is-lamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, Iran’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.010 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5849 July 14, 2017 
Ministry of Defense and Armed Forces Logis-tics, the Bashar al Assad Regime, Hezbollah, Hamas, Kata’ib Hezbollah, or any other For-eign Terrorist Organization or entities des-ignated as a specially designated national and blocked person on the list maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury. (c) S
UNSET .—This section shall cease to be effective on the date that is 30 days after the date on which the President certifies to Con-gress that the Government of Iran has ceased providing support for acts of international terrorism. 
AMENDMENT NO . 88 OFFERED BY MR . NOLAN OF  
MINNESOTA  At the end of subtitle C of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. LIMITATION ON FUNDING. 
None of the funds authorized to be appro-priated by this Act or otherwise made avail-able for fiscal year 2018 for the Counter-ISIS Train and Equip Fund are authorized to be made available to provide assistance to any recipient of such funds that the Secretary of Defense has reported, pursuant to a quar-terly progress report submitted pursuant to section 1209 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3541), as having previously misused training or equipment provided by the United States. 
AMENDMENT NO . 89 OFFERED BY MR . ENGEL OF  
NEW YORK  At the end of subtitle D of title XII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 12l. REPORT ON DEFENSE COOPERATION BETWEEN SERBIA AND THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the congressional defense committees and the Committees on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs of the House of Representatives a re-port on the defense and security relationship between Serbia and the Russian Federation. (b) M
ATTERS TO BEINCLUDED .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A list of Russian weapons systems and other military hardware and technology val-ued at $1,000,000 or more that have been pro-vided to Serbia since 2012. (2) A description of the participation by Serbian armed forces in Russian military training or exercises since 2012. (3) A list of any defense and security co-operation agreements between Serbia and Russia entered into since 2012. (4) An assessment of how the countries bor-dering Serbia assess the risk the Serbian armed forces pose to their national security. (5) An assessment of intelligence coopera-tion between Serbia and Russia. (6) An assessment of defense and security cooperation between Serbia and the United States. (7) An assessment of how military rela-tions between Serbia and Russia affect United States defense and security coopera-tion with Serbia and cooperation between Serbia and the North Atlantic Treaty Orga-nization. (c) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
AMENDMENT NO . 90 OFFERED BY MS . CHENEY OF  
WYOMING  At the end of subtitle D of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. PLAN TO RESPOND IN CASE OF RUS-SIAN NONCOMPLIANCE WITH THE NEW START TREATY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Represent-atives, and the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions of the Senate a report— (1) describing the options available in re-sponse to a failure by Russia to achieve the reductions required by the New START Treaty before February 5, 2018; and (2) including the assessment of the Sec-retary of Defense whether such a failure would constitute a material breach of the New START Treaty, providing grounds for the United States to withdraw from the trea-ty. (b) OPTIONS DESCRIBED .—The report re-quired under subsection (a) shall specifically describe options to respond to such a failure relating to the following: (1) Economic sanctions. (2) Diplomacy. (3) Additional deployment of ballistic or cruise missile defense capabilities, or other United States capabilities that would offset any potential Russian military advantage from such a failure. (4) Redeployment of United States nuclear forces beyond the levels required by the New START Treaty, and the associated costs and impacts on United States operations. (5) Legal countermeasures available under other treaties between the United States and Russia, including under the Treaty on Open Skies, done at Helsinki March 24, 1992, and entered into force January 1, 2002. (c) N
EWSTART T REATY .—In this section, the term ‘‘New START Treaty’’ means the Treaty between the United States of Amer-ica and the Russian Federation on Measures for the Further Reduction and Limitation of Strategic Offensive Arms, signed at Prague April 8, 2010, and entered into force February 5, 2011. 
AMENDMENT NO . 91 OFFERED BY MR . WALKER OF  
NORTH CAROLINA  At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 12l. REPORT ON NAVAL PORT OF CALL EX-CHANGES BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND TAIWAN. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than Sep-tember 1, 2018, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the following: (1) An assessment of the feasibility and ad-visability regarding ports of call by the United States Navy at ports on the island of Taiwan. (2) An assessment of the feasibility and ad-visability of the United States to receiving ports of call by the Republic of China navy in Hawaii, Guam, and other appropriate loca-tions. (b) F
ORM.—The report required by sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (c) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 440, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) and the gentleman from Washington (Mr. S
MITH) each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. W
ILSON ). Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman M
AC THORNBERRY for his extraordinary lead-ership and for the opportunity to speak on amendment No. 76. In the past few years, we have seen a clear rise in how terrorist and extrem-ist groups use propaganda and sophisti-cated messaging operations to increase their reach to recruit new members, execute attacks, and raise funds. These violent extremist organiza-tions represent a new type of threat to the United States and our families, and we must identify how existing agencies should work together to address the threat. This amendment requires the Presi-dent to submit a comprehensive inter-agency strategy for countering violent extremist groups that pose a threat to American families or their interests. Any plan would identify how to counter the violent messaging, combat terrorist financing, support existing law enforcement activities, support counterradicalization organizations, and offer military support. Additionally, the amendment pro-vides for accountability by requiring an annual assessment of the progress made implementing and achieving the strategy. The time is now to bring a whole-government approach to combat violent extremism. This strategy will serve a vital role in this effort. Mr. Chairman, I urge the passage of this amendment and the en bloc pack-age. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chair, I have no other speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. J
ENKINS ). Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman T
HORNBERRY  for yielding me the time. Mr. Chair, my amendment proposes to increase the authorized funding for the Counterdrug Program by $10 mil-lion. For 30 years, the National Guard has successfully performed drug interdic-tion and counterdrug activities to sup-port our local communities and our na-tional security. The National Guard partners with local, State, and Federal law enforcement agencies, and commu-nity organizations to effectively com-bat the supply and demand for illegal drugs. The National Guard Counterdrug Program works. In the past 4 years, the West Virginia National Guard successfully seized more than $500 million of illegal drugs, black market drugs that are dev-astating our communities and towns. And as our Nation copes with the dev-astating drug epidemic, we must fund programs to stop drug trafficking and keep drugs out of our communities. For more than a decade, Congress has consistently provided funding above the budget request. It is important that we continue that support. Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman T
HORN -
BERRY and his hardworking staff that helped to make this amendment pos-sible. I urge adoption of this amend-ment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.010 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5850 July 14, 2017 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ). Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Chairman, perfluorinated compounds, namely PFOA and PFOS, have been found in public and private drinking water wells in communities surrounding over 600 military installations nationwide, in-cluding several in my own district, im-pacting 70,000 Pennsylvanians. While the military does not dispute its responsibility for the water con-tamination, the response thus far has been unacceptable. For all of our con-stituents, they all have the right to safe, clean drinking water, and they de-serve to know if PFOS or PFOA have compromised their long-term health. The bipartisan amendment I have in-troduced instructs the Secretary of De-fense to consult with the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry to carry out a study on any health ef-fects experienced by those exposed to PFOS and PFOA at military installa-tions or former military installations. While this study alone will not fix the serious concerns about water con-tamination, it will provide us with critical information about the health impact these unregulated chemicals may have, and aid the Federal Govern-ment in conjunction with State and local agencies to reverse the contami-nation and protect the health and wel-fare of our residents. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE). Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman T
HORNBERRY for yielding time. Mr. Chair, Pakistan has been sup-porting all kinds of terrorist groups for years, including those with American blood on their hands. But instead of pe-nalizing Pakistan, the government has been rewarding them with hundreds of millions of dollars in U.S. aid. Some of that money goes to support terrorists. Previously, we placed conditions on military aid to Pakistan, but these conditions are only focused on Paki-stan cracking down on one terrorist group, the Haqqani Network. Mean-while, Pakistan is aiding and abetting a long list of terrorists in the region, including the Taliban in Afghanistan. b1000 My amendment No. 100 places a new condition on any aid to Pakistan. The condition requires the administration to certify that Pakistan is not pro-viding military, financial, or logistical support to any terrorists operating in Pakistan or Afghanistan. This forces Pakistan to make a long overdue choice: either go after terror-ists or lose millions of dollars of Amer-ican aid. And that is just the way it is. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. BISHOP ). Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Chair-man, I thank Chairman T
HORNBERRY  for his leadership on this matter. The North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion was formed in the ashes of World War II, bringing decades of consider-able peace and prosperity. Still, there are powers today that wish to chal-lenge the order from which millions throughout the world have benefited. My amendment to the NDAA, amend-ment No. 98, is a straightforward and simple amendment. It would call on all NATO allies to fulfill their mutual de-fense commitments, secure national and regional security interests, and recognize our NATO allies who are achieving those objectives. The underlying bill takes steps to strengthen our national defense on many fronts. It improves our overseas contingency operations, provides sig-nificant resources to rebuild our mili-tary, and increases funding for initia-tives to deter Russian aggression. My amendment builds upon those principles. As we begin to rebuild our military capability, it is time for our allies to do the same, especially when it pertains to our NATO alliance. For far too long, the United States has shared an unequal financial burden in contributing to the global and re-gional security that NATO provides. With new challenges from an increas-ing belligerent Russian state, insta-bility across the Middle East and North Africa, and emerging cybersecurity threats, it is time for all allies to honor their commitment and invest in defense spending. In order for NATO to be completely effective, all NATO members must meet their GDP commitment for de-fense spending and investment. This is out of fairness—for our effort to evenly share this responsibility and fairness to American taxpayers. My amendment calls on the Presi-dent to demand that our NATO allies honor their mutual defense commit-ment they agreed to by committing 2 percent of their gross domestic product to defense spending and research and to secure their national and regional se-curity interests. Only 5 of 29 member nations currently honor these commit-ments. While 24 NATO members fail to meet their NATO commitment, my amendment also recognizes the few NATO allies who actually achieve those objectives. Full commitment from our NATO al-lies will make a notable difference in our effort to achieve peace around the globe. We must share equally the nec-essary burden of peace through strength. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT) will control the time of the gen-tleman from Washington (Mr. S
MITH). There was no objection. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-man, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of Congressman L
AMBORN ’s amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act to require the President, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the Director of Na-tional Intelligence to report to Congress on the use of commercial aircraft by the Government of Iran for illicit activities. I am proud to be the lead Democratic co-sponsor of this bipartisan amendment, along with Reps. L
AMBORN , ROS-
KAM, ZELDIN , and S HERMAN . As we are all aware, U.S. firms have reached multi-billion-dollar agreements to sell or lease hundreds of aircraft to Iran, sup-posedly to help bring the country’s fleet into the 21st century. I am deeply concerned, how-ever, that these aircraft, intended for civilian use, could instead be used for nefarious pur-poses, such as transporting fighters to Syria or weapons to Iran’s proxies, Hamas and Hezbollah. Iran is the world’s leading sponsor of ter-rorism, with a longstanding record of human rights violations. Its support of radical groups throughout the Middle East poses a threat both to our greatest ally in the region, Israel, and also to U.S. interests.. For this reason, we must keep a watchful eye on Iran’s actions, in-cluding how it uses dual use exports from the United States. If Iran is indeed only using American-made commercial aircraft for legitimate purposes, there should be no concern that a report con-firming this would have an adverse effect on American trade. If Iran is using aircraft to con-duct illicit activities, we must be made aware, and we must hold Iran accountable. I am also proud to have co-sponsored an-other amendment to the National Defense Au-thorization Act that will help hold Iran account-able for it actions. This bipartisan amendment, offered by my Nevada colleague, Rep. K
IHUEN , would extend a presidential reporting requirement to ensure that we have an inte-grated strategy between the Administration and Congress to deter Iran’s nuclear weapons program. Two years ago today, the United States, China, France, Germany, Russia, the United Kingdom, the European Union, and Iran agreed to the Joint Comprehensive Plan Of Action (JCPOA), which aimed to ensure that Iran’s nuclear program would be exclusively peaceful and that Iran would never obtain a nuclear weapon. I was not a Member of Con-gress when the JCPOA came to the floor for Congressional approval, but had I been, I would have opposed the agreement. However, I have said since before I first came to Con-gress that now that the JCPOA is the law of the land, the United States must demand that Iran abide by it completely, and that any cheating or subversion should be dealt with swiftly. Both the Lamborn and Kihuen Amendments that I have co-sponsored are manifestations of this principle. If Iran is directly violating the JCPOA by developing a nuclear weapons pro-gram, the Administration and Congress must be ready to respond. And if Iran is violating 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.020 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5851 July 14, 2017 
the spirit of the JCPOA by taking advantage of new streams of commerce to wage war in the Middle East, it should not matter what financial ties U.S. companies have to the regime. For these reasons, I urge my colleagues to vote for the National Defense Authorization Act, which includes both the Lamborn and Kihuen Amendments. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Armed Services Chairman T
HORNBERRY  and Ranking Member S
MITH for their support of my amendment to direct the Secretary of Defense to report on military cooperation be-tween Serbia and Russia. I would also like to thank the gentleman from Alabama, Mr. Ader-holt, for cosponsoring the amendment. Countries of the Balkans are a part of Eu-rope. Period. From the former Yugoslavia, three have already entered NATO and two are now part of the European Union. In the wider Balkans, even more countries have joined NATO and the EU and others want to be part of both ....  all, except for Serbia, that is, which is unwilling to put itself on a path to fu-ture NATO membership. Frankly, Serbia is not only keeping NATO at arms’ length. As we speak, it is continuing to rearm with Russian weapons. In a deal reached on December 21 of last year, Russia agreed to give Serbia six surplus MiG–29 ‘Ful-crum’ fighter aircraft, 30 T–72 tanks, and 30 BRDM–2 armored reconnaissance vehicles. Rather than forcing Belgrade to pay for these items worth more than $600 million on the open market, the Kremlin just gave them to Belgrade. And, now Serbia is seeking Rus-sian-made S–300 anti-aircraft missiles. If I were sitting in one of Serbia’s neighbors, most of which are NATO members, I don’t think I would be comfortable with Belgrade’s tilt to-ward Moscow. Even more, only last month, Serbia joined Russia and Belarus in what the countries’ called ‘Slavic Brotherhood’ drills very close to NATO-member Poland. This is only the latest in a series of military exercises where Serbian forces are training with Russian troops. Ac-cording to RFE/RL, ‘‘The first were held in 2015 in Russia’s Krasnodar Krai, which is close to Western-leaning Georgia and Ukraine’s Russian-controlled Crimean Penin-sula. The second were held in November 2016 in Serbia, while NATO was staging a civil emergency drill in neighboring Monte-negro.’’ If Serbia wants to become part of the West, this isn’t the way to get there. Frankly, I’m growing increasingly concerned with the choices Belgrade is making on military and se-curity matters. This is why I wrote today’s amendment. We need to take a closer look at Russian-Serbian military ties and judge their implications for US national security policy, Serbia’s membership in NATO’s Partnership for Peace, and the impact on Serbia’s neigh-bors. I know that Vice President P
ENCE is meeting with Serbian President Vucic on Monday. This occasion represents a good opportunity to present our U.S. concerns about Belgrade’s direction on security policy and a variety of other matters. Mr. Chair, again, I thank the Chairman and Ranking member for their support, and I look forward to seeing the report required by the amendment. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Chair, I am proud to have introduced the Apollo I Memorial Amendment to H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2018. This year is the 50th Anniver-sary of the Apollo I spacecraft fire that claimed the lives of three American heroes. With this Amendment we ensure that these three coura-geous astronauts, who gave their lives in serv-ice to our great nation, will be appropriately honored. On January 27, 1967, Astronauts Virgil I. ‘‘Gus’’ Grissom, Edward H. White II, and Roger B. Chaffee were killed in an electrical fire that broke out inside their Apollo I Com- mand Module on Launch Pad 34 at the Ken-nedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Flor-ida. The accident led to a detailed internal in-vestigation and congressional hearings. As a result of their sacrifice, NASA made needed changes to the Apollo program which ulti-mately resulted in the successful Apollo 11 landing on the moon two years later. My Amendment requires the Secretary of the Army, in consultation with the Adminis-trator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), to construct a memo-rial marker at Arlington National Cemetery in their honor. This marker corrects an unfortu-nate omission, namely, that these three fear-less astronauts, who were set to be the ones to fly the first Apollo mission into space, have not received a memorial at Arlington as was done for the Space Shuttle Challenger and Columbia crews. As Arlington National Ceme-tery is where we recognize heroes who have passed in the service of our Nation, it is fitting that on the 50th anniversary of the launchpad accident we acknowledge the sacrifice of the Apollo I Astronauts. Mr. Chair, it is past time to install a memo-rial marker at Arlington so that current and fu-ture Americans never forget their sacrifice as we continue to reach for the stars. Before closing, I would like to thank my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle who sup-ported the original bill from which this Amend-ment was drawn, H.R. 703, the Apollo Memo-rial Act. I would also like to express my deep appreciation to both Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH of In- diana and Mr. P
OSEY of Florida who both of-fered to cosponsor this Amendment. I hope my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will continue to come together to support this amendment honoring these heroes. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORN -
BERRY ). The en bloc amendments were agreed to. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . 
THORNBERRY OF TEXAS  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, pursuant to House Resolution 440, I offer amendments en bloc. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. Amendments en bloc No. 5 consisting of amendment Nos. 92, 93, 94, 95, 96, 97, 98, 99, 100, 101, 102, 103, 104, 105, 106, and 107 printed in House Report 115–217, of-fered by Mr. T
HORNBERRY of Texas: 
AMENDMENT NO . 92 OFFERED BY MR . ENGEL OF  
NEW YORK  At the end of subtitle H of title XII, add the following new section: SEC. 12l. NOTICE OF CHANGES TO THE LEGAL AND POLICY FRAMEWORKS GUIDING THE UNITED STATES’ USE OF MILI-TARY FORCE AND RELATED NA-TIONAL SECURITY OPERATIONS. 
(a) N OTICE REQUIRED .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which a change is made to any of the legal or policy frame-works described in the report entitled ‘‘Re-port on the Legal and Policy Frameworks Guiding the United States Use of Military Force and Related National Security Oper-ations’’ prepared by the national security de-partments and agencies and published on De-cember 5, 2016, the President shall notify the appropriate congressional committees of such change, including the legal, factual, and policy justification for such change. (b) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives; (2) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives; (3) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (4) the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the House of Rep-resentatives. 
AMENDMENT NO . 93 OFFERED BY MR . TED LIEU  
OF CALIFORNIA  At the end of subtitle H of title XII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 12l. REPORT ON MILITARY ACTION OF SAUDI ARABIA AND ITS COALITIONS PARTNERS IN YEMEN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall jointly submit the appropriate congressional committees a report on military action of Saudi Arabia and its coalitions partners in Yemen. (b) M
ATTERS TO BEINCLUDED .—The report required by subsection (a) shall include a de-scription of the following: (1) The extent to which the Government of Saudi Arabia and its coalition partners in Yemen are abiding by their ‘‘No Strike List and Restricted Target List’’. (2) Roles played by United States military personnel with respect to operations of such coalition partners in Yemen. (3) Progress made by the Government of Saudi Arabia in improving its targeting ca-pabilities. (4) Progress made by such coalition part-ners to implement the recommendations of the Joint Incident Assessment Team and participation if any by the United States in the implementation of such recommenda-tions. (5) Progress made toward implementation of United Nations Security Council Resolu-tion 2216 (2015) or any successor United Na-tions Security Council resolution relating to the conflict in Yemen. (c) F
ORM.—The report required by sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. (d) T
ERMINATION .—This section shall termi-nate on— (1) the date that is 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.008 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5852 July 14, 2017 
(2) the date on which the Secretary of De-fense and Secretary of State jointly certify to the appropriate congressional committees that the conflict in Yemen has come to a conclusion, whichever occurs earlier. (e) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the congressional defense committees; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
AMENDMENT NO . 94 OFFERED BY MR . CROWLEY  
OF NEW YORK  Page 525, line 19, strike the period and in-sert ‘‘, including respect for human rights.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 95 OFFERED BY MR . GALLAGHER  
OF WISCONSIN  At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 12l. ASSESSMENT ON UNITED STATES DE-FENSE IMPLICATIONS OF CHINA’S EXPANDING GLOBAL ACCESS. 
(a) A SSESSMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall assess the foreign military and non- military activities of the People’s Republic of China which could affect the regional and global national security and defense inter-ests of the United States. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment required by paragraph (1) shall evaluate the following: (A) China’s use of military and non-mili-tary means in the Indo-Asia-Pacific region and globally, including tourism, media, in-fluence campaigns, investment projects, in-frastructure, and access to foreign ports and military bases, and whether such means could affect United States national security or defense interests, including operational access. (B) The implications, if any, of such means for the military force posture, access, train-ing, and logistics of both the United States and China. (C) The United States strategy and policy for mitigating any harmful effects resulting from such means. (D) The resources required to implement such strategy and policy, and the mitigation plan to address any gaps in capabilities or resources necessary for such implementa-tion. (E) Measures to bolster the roles of allies, partners, and other countries to implement such strategy and policy. (F) Any other matters the Secretary of De-fense or the Secretary of State determines to be appropriate. (3) R
EPORT REQUIRED .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Sen-ate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on the assessment required under subsection (b). (B) F
ORM.—The report required by this paragraph may be submitted unclassified or classified form. 
AMENDMENT NO . 96 OFFERED BY MR . YOHO OF  
FLORIDA  At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. NORMALIZING THE TRANSFER OF DE-FENSE ARTICLES AND DEFENSE SERVICES TO TAIWAN. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that any requests from the Govern-ment of Taiwan for defense articles and de-fense services should receive a case-by-case review by the Secretary of Defense, in con-sultation with the Secretary of State, that is consistent with the standard processes and procedures in an effort to normalize the arms sales process with Taiwan. (b) REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date on which the Secretary of De-fense receives a Letter of Request from Tai-wan with respect to the transfer of a defense article or defense service to Taiwan, the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees a report that in-cludes— (A) the status of such request; (B) if the transfer of such article or service would require a certification or report to Congress pursuant to any applicable provi-sion of section 36 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2776), the status of any Letter of Offer and Acceptance the Secretary of De-fense intends to issue with respect to such request; and (C) an assessment of whether the transfer of such article or service would be consistent with United States obligations under the Taiwan Relations Act (Public Law 96–8; 22 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.). (2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report required under paragraph (1) shall specify the following: (A) The date the Secretary of Defense re-ceived the Letter of Request. (B) The value of the sale proposed by such Letter of Request. (C) A description of the defense article or defense service proposed to be transferred. (D) The view of the Secretary of Defense with respect to such proposed sale and whether such sale would be consistent with defense plans. (3) F
ORM.—Each report required under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassi-fied form but may contain a classified annex. (c) B
RIEFING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall provide a briefing to the ap-propriate congressional committees with re-spect to the security challenges faced by Tai-wan and the military cooperation between the United States and Taiwan, including a description of any requests from Taiwan for the transfer of defense articles or defense services and the status, whether signed or unsigned, of any Letters of Offer and Accept-ance with respect to such requests. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. (2) D
EFENSE ARTICLE ; DEFENSE SERVICE .— The terms ‘‘defense article’’ and ‘‘defense service’’ have the meanings given such terms in section 47 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2794). (3) L
ETTER OF REQUEST ; LETTER OF OFFER  
AND ACCEPTANCE .—The terms ‘‘Letter of Re-quest’’ and ‘‘Letter of Offer and Acceptance’’ have the meanings given such terms for pur-poses of Chapter 5 of the Security Assistance Management Manual of the Defense Security Cooperation Agency, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 97 OFFERED BY MR . DUNCAN OF  
SOUTH CAROLINA  At the end of subtitle H of title XII, add the following: SEC. 12ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE WEST-ERN HEMISPHERE REGION. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the security, stability, and prosperity of the Western Hemisphere region are vital to the national interests of the United States; (2) the United States should maintain a military capability in the Western Hemi-sphere region that is able to project power, build partner capacity, deter acts of aggres-sion, and respond, if necessary, to regional threats or to threats to the national security of the United States by the activities of Iran, China, Russia, North Korea, transnational criminal organizations, or terrorist organiza-tions in the region; (3) continuing efforts by the Department of Defense to commit additional assets and in-crease investments to the Western Hemi-sphere are necessary to maintain a robust United States commitment to the region; (4) the Secretary of Defense should— (A) assess the current United States force posture in the Western Hemisphere to ensure that the United States maintains an appro-priate forward presence in the region; (B) prioritize— (i) intelligence, surveillance, and recon-naissance; (ii) maritime patrol aircraft to support de-tection and monitoring missions; (iii) efforts to disrupt and degrade transregional and transnational threat net-works; and (iv) when possible, efforts to support the mission of the Department of Homeland Se-curity, as requested, in monitoring individ-uals identified by the Secretary of Homeland Security as ‘‘special interest aliens’’ or as ‘‘foreign terrorist fighters’’; and (C) enhance regional force readiness through joint training and exercises; and (5) the United States should continue to engage in the Western Hemisphere by strengthening alliances and partnerships, working with regional institutions, address-ing the shared challenges of illicit traf-ficking of humans, drugs, and other contra-band, transnational criminal organizations, and foreign terrorist fighters, and supporting the rule of law and democracy in the region. 
AMENDMENT NO . 98 OFFERED BY MR . BISHOP OF  
MICHIGAN  At the end of subtitle H of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS RELATING TO INCREASES IN DEFENSE CAPABILI-TIES OF UNITED STATES ALLIES. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Presi-dent, in furtherance of increased unity, equi-table sharing of the common defense burden, and international stability, should— (1) encourage all member countries of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (‘‘NATO allies’’) to fulfill their commitments to lev-els and composition of defense expenditures as agreed upon at the NATO 2014 Wales Sum-mit and NATO 2016 Warsaw Summit; (2) call on NATO allies to finance, equip, and train their armed forces to fulfill their national and regional security interests; and (3) recognize NATO allies that are meeting their defense spending commitments or oth-erwise providing adequately for their na-tional and regional security interests. 
AMENDMENT NO . 99 OFFERED BY MR . KELLY OF  
PENNSYLVANIA  At the end of subtitle H of title XII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 12xx. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS TO IMPLEMENT THE ARMS TRADE TREATY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act or other-wise made available for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended to fund a Secretariat or any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.013 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5853 July 14, 2017 
other international organization established to support the implementation of the Arms Trade Treaty, to sustain domestic prosecu-tions based on any charge related to the Treaty, or to implement the Treaty until the Senate approves a resolution of ratification for the Treaty and implementing legislation for the Treaty has been enacted into law. (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to preclude the Department of Defense from assisting foreign countries in bringing their laws, reg-ulations, and practices related to export con-trol up to United States standards. 
AMENDMENT NO . 100 OFFERED BY MR . ENGEL OF  
NEW YORK  At the end of subtitle H of title XII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 12l. CULTURAL HERITAGE PROTECTION COORDINATOR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall designate an employee of the Department of Defense to serve concurrently as the Coordinator for Cultural Heritage Protection (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Coordinator’’). (b) D
UTIES .—The Coordinator shall have the following duties: (1) The Coordinator shall be responsible for coordinating existing obligations of the De-partment of Defense for the protection of cultural heritage, including the 1954 Hague Convention for the Protection of Cultural Property in the Event of Armed Conflict, and other obligations for the protection of cul-tural heritage. (2) The Coordinator shall convene a coordi-nating committee of entities within the De-partment of Defense that have the responsi-bility or capacity for protecting cultural heritage. (c) C
OORDINATING COMMITTEE .—The coordi-nating committee convened pursuant to sub-section (b)(2) shall— (1) meet not less than annually; (2) coordinate with the Cultural Heritage Coordinating Committee convened by the Department of State; and (3) solicit consultation and coordination with other Federal agencies and nongovern-mental organizations, including the U.S. Committee of the Blue Shield, as well as other expert and stakeholder organizations, as appropriate for the national security in-terests of the United States. 
AMENDMENT NO . 101 OFFERED BY MR . SOTO OF  
FLORIDA  At the end of subtitle B of title XVI, add the following new section: 
SEC. 1623. REPORT ON SPACE-BASED NUCLEAR DETECTION. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the Secretary of En-ergy, and the Secretary of State shall jointly submit to the congressional defense commit-tees, the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate a report on space-based nuclear detection. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report under sub-section (a) shall include, at a minimum, the following: (1) A description of the space-based nuclear detection program (including the space- based atmospheric burst reporting system). (2) The strategic plan, including with re-spect to current and planned space plat-forms, to host the relevant payloads for such program. (3) The current and planned national secu-rity requirements for space-based nuclear de-tection, including— (A) an attribution of such requirements to specific missions of the departments and agencies of the Federal Government; and (B) how such requirements compare to past requirements. (4) How current and future funding for the space-based nuclear detection program is being provided by each such department or agency to meet each mission requirement. (c) FORM.—The report under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
AMENDMENT NO . 102 OFFERED BY MR . 
FITZPATRICK OF PENNSYLVANIA  At the end of subtitle D of title XVI, add the following new section: 
SEC. 16ll. DEFINITION OF DETERRENCE IN THE CONTEXT OF CYBER OPERATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall— (1) develop a definition of the term ‘‘deter-rence’’ as such term is used in the context of the cyber operations of the Department of Defense; and (2) assess how the definition developed under paragraph (1) affects the overall cyber strategy of the Department. (b) I
NCLUSION OF OTHER ACTIVITIES .—The definition of the term ‘‘deterrence’’ devel-oped under subsection (a) may include ac-tivities, capability efforts, and operations other than cyber activities, cyber capability efforts, and cyber operations. 
AMENDMENT NO . 103 OFFERED BY MR . FRANKS OF  
ARIZONA  Page 687, line 13, strike ‘‘Tamir intercep-tors’’ and all that follows through ‘‘such interceptors’’ on line 15 and insert ‘‘system components for the Iron Dome Defense short-range rocket defense program, through the coproduction of such system compo-nents’’. Page 689, line 6, strike ‘‘to procure’’ and all that follows through ‘‘System,’’ on line 7 and insert ‘‘for the David’s Sling Weapon System Program, of which not more than $120,000,000 may be used to procure the David’s Sling Weapon System,’’. Page 689, line 11, strike ‘‘for the’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Program,’’ on line 12 and insert ‘‘for the Arrow Weapon System, including the Arrow 3 Upper Tier System, of which not more than $120,000,000 may be used to procure the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Inter-ceptor System,’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 104 OFFERED BY MR . LAMBORN  
OF COLORADO  At the end of subtitle F of title XVI, add the following new section: 
SEC. 1694. BOOST PHASE BALLISTIC MISSILE DE-FENSE. 
(a) I NITIAL OPERATIONAL DEPLOYMENT .— The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that an effective interim kinetic or directed en-ergy boost phase ballistic missile defense ca-pability is available for initial operational deployment not later than December 31, 2020. (b) P
LAN.—Together with the budget of the President submitted to Congress under sec-tion 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, for fiscal year 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan to achieve the require-ment in subsection (a). Such plan shall in-clude— (1) the budget requirements; (2) a robust test schedule; (3) a plan to develop an enduring boost phase ballistic missile defense capability, in-cluding cost and test schedule. 
AMENDMENT NO . 105 OFFERED BY MR . YOUNG OF  
ALASKA  Add at the end of title XVI the following new subtitle: Subtitle H—Advancing America’s Missile Defense Act of 2017 SEC. 1699D. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Advanc-ing America’s Missile Defense Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 1699E. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON CURRENT STATE OF UNITED STATES MISSILE DEFENSE, FUTURE INVESTMENT, AND ACCELERATING CAPABILITIES TO OUTPACE CURRENT THREATS. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of Defense should use the upcoming Ballistic Missile Defense Review (BMDR) and the Missile De-feat Review (MDR) to accelerate the develop-ment of new and existing means to sustain and increase the capacity, capability, and re-liability of the ground-based midcourse de-fense element of the ballistic missile defense system and other missile defense programs. (b) A
CCELERATION OF DEVELOPMENT OF CER-
TAIN ADVANCED MISSILE DEFENSE TECH-
NOLOGIES TOWARD FIELDING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—To the degree practicable, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall use the policies of the Department of Defense to accelerate the development, test-ing, and fielding of the redesigned kill vehi-cle, the multi-object kill vehicle, the C3 booster, a space-based sensor layer, an air-borne laser on unmanned aerial vehicles, and a potential additional missile defense site, including the completion of any outstanding environmental impact statements (EISs) for an additional missile defense site on the East Coast or in the Midwest regions of the United States. (2) P
RIORITY .—The Director shall prioritize the development of capabilities listed in paragraph (1) subject to annual authoriza-tion and appropriation of funding. (3) D
EVELOPMENT .—The Director shall use sound acquisition processes and program management to develop the capabilities set forth in paragraph (1). 
SEC. 1699F. AUTHORIZATION TO INCREASE CUR-RENT GROUND-BASED MIDCOURSE DEFENSE CAPACITY BY 28 GROUND- BASED INTERCEPTORS. 
(a) I NCREASE IN CAPACITY .—The Secretary of Defense shall, subject to the annual au-thorization of appropriations and the annual appropriation of funds for National Missile Defense, increase the number of United States ground-based interceptors by up to 28. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Unless otherwise directed or recommended by the BMDR, not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Missile De-fense Agency shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on infra-structure requirements and costs associated to increase the number of ground-based interceptors at Missile Field 1 and Missile Field 2 at Fort Greely to 20 ground-based interceptors each. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) An analysis of the strategic, oper-ational, and tactical benefits of adding addi-tional ground-based interceptors at each missile field. (B) A detailed description of the infrastruc-ture needed and costs associated with ex-panding each missile field. (C) An identification of any environ-mental, technical, or logistical barriers to expanding each missile field. (D) Any analysis of alternatively using Missile Field 4 and Missile Field 5 to in-crease the number of ground-based intercep-tors. (3) F
ORM.—The report submitted under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassi-fied form, but may include a classified annex. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.013 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5854 July 14, 2017 
SEC. 1699G. MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY REPORT ON INCREASING NUMBER OF GROUND-BASED INTERCEPTORS UP TO 100. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that it is the policy of the United States to maintain and improve, with the al-lies of the United States, an effective, robust layered missile defense system capable of de-fending the citizens of the United States re-siding in territories and States of the United States, allies of the United States, and de-ployed Armed Forces of the United States. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Unless otherwise directed or recommended by the BMDR, not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Missile De-fense Agency shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on the costs and benefits of increasing the capacity of the ground-based midcourse defense ele-ment of the ballistic missile defense system. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) An identification of potential sites— new or existing—to allow for the increase of up to 100 ground-based interceptors. (B) An analysis of the strategic, oper-ational, tactical, and cost benefits of each site. (C) A description of any environmental, legal, or tactical challenges associated with each site. (D) A detailed description of the infra-structure needed and costs associated with each site. (E) A summary of any completed or out-standing environmental impact statements (EIS) on each site. (F) An operational evaluation and cost analysis of the deployment of transportable ground-based interceptors, including an identification of potential sites, including in the eastern United States and at Vandenberg Air Force Base, and an examination of any environmental, legal, or tactical challenges associated with such deployments, including to any sites identified in subparagraph (A). (G) A determination of the appropriate fleet mix of ground-based interceptor kill ve-hicles and boosters to maximize overall sys-tem effectiveness and increase its capacity and capability, including the costs and bene-fits of continued inclusion of capability en-hancement II (CE–II) Block 1 interceptors after the fielding of the redesigned kill vehi-cle. (H) A description of the planned improve-ments to homeland ballistic missile defense sensor and discrimination capabilities and an assessment of the expected operational benefits of such improvements to homeland ballistic missile defense. (I) The costs and benefits of supplementing ground-based midcourse defense elements with other, more distributed, elements, in-cluding both Aegis ships and Aegis Ashore installations with Standard Missile-3 Block IIA and other interceptors in Hawaii and at other locations for homeland missile defense. (3) F
ORM.—The report required by para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1699H. EVALUATION AND EVOLUTION OF TERRESTRIAL GROUND-BASED MID-COURSE DEFENSE SENSORS. 
(a) R EPORT TO CONGRESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Unless otherwise directed or recommended by the BMDR, not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Missile De-fense Agency, in coordination with the Sec-retary of the Air Force, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the status of the integrated layers of mis-sile defense radars. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A detailed analysis of the expected im-provements resulting from the integration of the Long Range Discrimination Radar into the missile defense system architecture of the United States, including— (i) any adjustments to homeland missile defense tactics, techniques, and procedures; (ii) possible adjustments to ground-based midcourse defense shot-doctrine and re-quired interceptor capacity; (iii) possibilities for direct integration with Fort Greely’s Command and Control node; and (iv) impacts on regional missile defense systems including Aegis Ballistic Missile De-fense, Aegis Ashore, and Terminal High Alti-tude Area Defense. (B) A detailed comparison of the capabili-ties of Long Range Discrimination Radar and the COBRA DANE radar, including— (i) the unique capabilities of each radar; (ii) the overlapping capabilities of each radar; and (iii) the advantages and disadvantages of each radar’s location. (C) A modernization plan and costs for the long-term continued operations and mainte-nance of the COBRA DANE radar or a plan to replace its capability if COBRA DANE can-not remain operational, and the costs associ-ated with each plan. (b) ASSESSMENT BY COMPTROLLER GENERAL  
OF THE UNITED STATES .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the Director submits the report under subsection (a)(1), the Comptroller General of the United States shall— (1) complete a review of the plan required by subsection (a)(2)(C); and (2) submit to the congressional defense committees a report on such review that in-cludes the findings and recommendations of the Comptroller General. (c) F
ORM.—The reports submitted sub-sections (a) and (b) shall be submitted in un-classified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1699I. AUTHORIZATION FOR MORE GROUND- BASED MIDCOURSE DEFENSE TEST-ING. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) at a minimum, the Missile Defense Agency should continue to flight test the ground-based midcourse defense element at least once each fiscal year; (2) the Department of Defense should allo-cate increased funding to homeland missile defense testing to ensure that our defenses continue to evolve faster than the threats against which they are postured to defend while pursuing a robust acquisition process; (3) in order to rapidly innovate, develop, and field new technologies, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency should continue to focus testing campaigns on delivering in-creased capabilities to the Armed Forces as quickly as possible; and (4) the Director of the Missile Defense Agency should seek to establish a more pru-dent balance between risk mitigation and the more rapid testing pace needed to quick-ly develop and deliver new capabilities to the Armed Forces. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Unless otherwise directed or recommended by the BMDR, not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Missile De-fense Agency shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a revised missile defense testing campaign plan that acceler-ates the development and deployment of new missile defense technologies. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A detailed analysis of the costs and benefits of accelerating each following pro-grams: (i) Redesigned kill vehicle. (ii) Multi-object kill vehicle. (iii) Configuration-3 booster. (iv) Lasers mounted on small unmanned aerial vehicles. (v) Space-based missile defense sensor ar-chitecture. (vi) Such additional technologies as the Di-rector considers appropriate. (B) A new deployment timeline for each of the programs in listed in subparagraph (A) or a detailed description of why the current timeline for deployment technologies under those programs is most suitable. (C) An identification of any funding or pol-icy restrictions that would slow down the de-ployment of the technologies under the pro-grams listed in subparagraph (A). (D) A risk assessment of the potential cost- overruns and deployment delays that may be encountered in the expedited development process of the capabilities under paragraph (1). (c) REPORT ON FUNDING PROFILE .—The Di- rector shall include with the budget jus-tification materials submitted to Congress in support of the budget of the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2018 (as submitted with the budget of the President under sec-tion 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code) a report on the funding profile necessary for the new testing campaign plan required by subsection (b)(1). 
AMENDMENT NO . 106 OFFERED BY MR . HUNTER OF  
CALIFORNIA  Page 711, beginning line 3, strike ‘‘Except as provided in subsection (b), the’’ and insert ‘‘The’’. Page 711, strike lines 7 through 15 and in-sert the following: (b) C
ERTIFICATION .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Service Acquisition Executive respon-sible for each covered Distributed Common Ground System shall certify to the appro-priate congressional committees that the procurement process for increments of the system procured after the date of the enact-ment of this Act will be carried out in ac-cordance with section 2377 of title 10, United States Code. 
AMENDMENT NO . 107 OFFERED BY MR . ROGERS OF  
ALABAMA  At the end of title XXII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 2207. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2016 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained in the table in section 2201(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (division B of Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1150) for construction of an Aegis Ashore Missile Defense Complex at RedziKowo Base, Poland, the Secretary of the Navy may construct a 6,180 square meter multipurpose facility, for the purposes of providing additional berthing space, using amounts available for the project pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in sec-tion 2204 of such Act. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 440, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) and the gentleman from Washington (Mr. S
MITH) each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I inform my friend from Washington I have no speakers on this en bloc pack-age, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.013 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5855 July 14, 2017 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I don’t have any speakers either, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I urge support, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORN -
BERRY ). The en bloc amendments were agreed to. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . 
THORNBERRY OF TEXAS  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, pursuant to House Resolution 440, I offer amendments en bloc. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. Amendments en bloc No. 6 consisting of amendment Nos. 108, 109, 110, 111, 112, 113, 114, 115, 116, 117, 118, 119, 120, and 121 printed in House Report 115–217, of-fered by Mr. T
HORNBERRY of Texas: 
AMENDMENT NO . 108 OFFERED BY MR . SIMPSON  
OF IDAHO  Insert after section 2822 the following new section (and redesignate the succeeding pro-visions accordingly): 
SEC. 2823. LAND CONVEYANCE, MOUNTAIN HOME AIR FORCE BASE, IDAHO. 
(a) C ONVEYANCE AUTHORIZED .—The Sec-retary of the Air Force may convey to the City of Mountain Home, Idaho (in this sec-tion referred to as the ‘‘City’’) all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to a parcel of real property, including improvements thereon, consisting of ap-proximately 4.25 miles of railroad spur lo-cated near Mountain Home Air Force Base, Idaho, as further described in subsection (c), for the purpose of economic development. (b) C
ONSIDERATION .— (1) C
ONSIDERATION REQUIRED .—As consider-ation for the land conveyed under subsection (a), the City shall pay to the Secretary an amount equal to the fair market value of the land, as determined by an appraisal approved by the Secretary. The City shall provide an amount that is acceptable to the Secretary, whether by cash payment, in-kind consider-ation as described under paragraph (2), or a combination thereof. (2) I
N-KIND CONSIDERATION .—In-kind consid-eration provided by the City under para-graph (1) may include the acquisition, con-struction, provision, improvement, mainte-nance, repair, or restoration (including envi-ronmental restoration), or combination thereof, of any facility or infrastructure under the jurisdiction of the Secretary. (3) T
REATMENT OF CONSIDERATION RE -
CEIVED .—Consideration in the form of cash payment received by the Secretary under paragraph (1) shall be deposited in the sepa-rate fund in the Treasury described in sec-tion 572(a)(1) of title 40, United States Code. (c) M
AP AND LEGAL DESCRIPTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—As soon as practicable after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall publish a final map and legal description of the prop-erty to be conveyed under subsection (a), ex-cept that the Secretary may correct minor errors in the map and legal description after its initial publication. (2) A
VAILABILITY .—The map and legal de-scription under this subsection shall be on file and available for public inspection. (d) P
AYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCE .— (1) P
AYMENT AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary of the Air Force may require the City to cover the costs to be incurred by the Sec-retary, or to reimburse the Secretary for the costs incurred by the Secretary, in carrying out the conveyance under subsection (a), in-cluding survey costs, the costs of environ-mental documentation, and other adminis-trative costs relating to the conveyance (other than costs for environmental remedi-ation of the property conveyed). If amounts are collected from the City in advance of the Secretary incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the conveyance, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the City. (2) TREATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— Amounts received under paragraph (1) as re-imbursement for costs incurred by the Sec-retary to carry out the conveyance under subsection (a) shall be credited to the fund or account that was used to cover the costs in-curred by the Secretary in carrying out the conveyance, or to an appropriate fund or ac-count currently available to the Secretary for the purposes for which the costs were paid. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limita-tions, as amounts in such fund or account. (e) R
ESERVATION OF USE BY SECRETARY .— After the conveyance under subsection (a), the City shall allow the Secretary of the Air Force to temporarily use, for urgent reasons of national defense and at no cost to the Sec-retary, all or a portion of the property con-veyed under subsection (a). (f) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .— The Secretary of the Air Force may require such additional terms and conditions in con-nection with the conveyance under sub-section (a) as the Secretary considers appro-priate to protect the interests of the United States. 
AMENDMENT NO . 109 OFFERED BY MR . BISHOP OF  
UTAH  Insert after section 2825 the following new section (and redesignate the succeeding sec-tions accordingly): 
SEC. 2826. REMOVAL OF CERTAIN DEED RESTRIC-TIONS AND REVERSIONS ASSOCI-ATED WITH CONVEYANCE OF PROP-ERTY OF FORMER DEFENSE DEPOT OGDEN, UTAH. 
(a) N EGOTIATIONS TO REMOVE RESTRICTIONS  
AND REVERSIONS .—As soon as practicable after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall enter into negotiations with the City of Ogden, Utah, and Weber County, Utah, on agreements to remove deed restrictions and reversionary provisions on the remaining property of the former Defense Depot Ogden. (b) C
ONTENTS OF AGREEMENT .—The agree-ments entered into pursuant to subsection (a) shall include such terms and conditions as may be agreed to by the Secretary of the Interior and the City of Ogden and Weber County (as the case may be), except that the following terms and conditions shall apply: (1) The Secretary may not remove the deed restrictions and reversionary provisions on the property of the former Defense Depot Ogden until there is a ratified agreement be-tween the Secretary and the City of Ogden or Weber County (as the case may be) to en-cumber other specific properties owned by the City or County with the same appro-priate reversionary interests in favor of the United States as are in effect with respect to the property of the former Defense Depot Ogden as of the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) The properties of the City of Ogden or Weber County (as the case may be) that are encumbered pursuant to paragraph (1) shall have approximately equal value to the prop-erty of the former Defense Depot Ogden for which the deed restrictions and reversionary provisions are removed under the agreement. (3) The City of Ogden and Weber County shall pay the costs (except any costs for en-vironmental remediation of the property) to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reim-burse the Secretary for such reasonable and customary administrative expenses incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the agreement with respect to the City or County (as the case may be), including survey and appraisal costs. If amounts are collected from the City of Ogden or Weber County in advance of the Secretary incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the agreement with respect to the City or Coun-ty, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the City or County. AMENDMENT NO . 110 OFFERED BY MRS . BUSTOS  
OF ILLINOIS  Add at the end of subtitle B of title XXVIII the following: 
SEC. 28ll. CERTIFICATION RELATED TO CER-TAIN ACQUISITIONS OR LEASES OF REAL PROPERTY. 
Section 2662(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘, as well as the certification described in para-graph (5).’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) For purposes of paragraph (2), the cer-tification described in this paragraph with respect to an acquisition or lease of real property is a certification that the Secretary concerned— ‘‘(A) evaluated the feasibility of using space in property under the jurisdiction of the Department of Defense to satisfy the purposes of the acquisition or lease; and ‘‘(B) determined that— ‘‘(i) space in property under the jurisdic-tion of the Department of Defense is not rea-sonably available to be used to satisfy the purposes of the acquisition or lease; ‘‘(ii) acquiring the property or entering into the lease would be more cost-effective than the use of the Department of Defense property; or ‘‘(iii) the use of the Department of Defense property would interfere with the ongoing military mission of the property.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 111 OFFERED BY MR . BRAT OF  
VIRGINIA  At the end of subtitle B of title XXVIII (page 854, after line 24), add the following: 
SEC. 2818. IMPROVED PROCESS FOR DISPOSAL OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE SUR-PLUS REAL PROPERTY LOCATED OVERSEAS. 
(a) P ETITION TO ACQUIRE SURPLUS PROP-
ERTY .—2687a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-section (h); and (2) by inserting after subsection (f) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(g) P
ETITION PROCESS FOR DISPOSAL OF  O
VERSEAS SURPLUS REALPROPERTY .—(1) The Secretary of Defense shall establish a proc-ess by which a foreign government may re-quest the transfer of surplus real property or improvements under the jurisdiction of the Department of Defense in the foreign coun-try. ‘‘(2) Upon the receipt of a petition under this subsection, the Secretary shall deter-mine within 90 days whether the property or improvement subject to the petition is sur-plus. If surplus, the Secretary shall seek to enter into an agreement with the foreign government within one year for the disposal of the property. ‘‘(3) If real property or an improvement is determined not to be surplus, the Secretary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.024 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5856 July 14, 2017 
shall not be obligated to consider another pe-tition involving the same property or im-provement for five years beginning on the date on which the initial determination was made.’’. (b) A
DDITIONAL USE OF DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE OVERSEAS MILITARY FACILITY INVEST -
MENT RECOVERY ACCOUNT .—Section 2687a(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘property disposal agreement,’’ after ‘‘forces agree-ment,’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of sub-paragraph (A); (B) by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (B) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) military readiness programs.’’. (c) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Section 2687a(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) A report under paragraph (1) also shall specify the following: ‘‘(A) The number of petitions received under subsection (g) from foreign govern-ments requesting the transfer of surplus real property or improvements under the juris-diction of the Department of Defense over-seas. ‘‘(B) The status of each petition, including whether reviewed, denied, or granted. ‘‘(C) The implementation status of each granted petition.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 112 OFFERED BY MR . RICE OF  
SOUTH CAROLINA  Add at the end of subtitle G of title XXVIII the following new section: 
SEC. 2863. PERMITTING MACHINE ROOM-LESS ELEVATORS IN DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE FACILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall issue modifications to all relevant con-struction and facilities specifications to en-sure that machine room-less elevators (MRLs) are not prohibited in buildings and facilities throughout the Department of De-fense, including modifications to the Unified Facilities Guide Specifications (UFGS), the Naval Facilities Engineering Command In-terim Technical Guidance, and the Army Corps of Engineers Engineering and Con-struction Bulletin. (b) C
ONFORMING TO BESTPRACTICES .—In ad- dition to the modifications required under subsection (a), the Secretary may issue fur-ther modifications to conform generally with commercial best practices as reflected in the safety code for elevators and esca-lators as issued by the American Society of Mechanical Engineers. (c) D
EADLINES .—The Secretary shall pro-mulgate interim MRL standards not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall issue final and formal MRL specifications not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue a report to the congres-sional defense committees on the integration and utilization of MRLs, including informa-tion on quantity, location, problems, and successes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 113 OFFERED BY MR . BEN RAY  
LUJA´N OF NEW MEXICO  At the end of subtitle B of title XXXI, add the following new section: 
SEC. 3124. PLUTONIUM CAPABILITIES. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator for Nuclear Security shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees, the Secretary of Defense, and the Comptroller General of the United States a report on the recommended alternative en-dorsed by the Administrator for recapitaliza-tion of plutonium science and production ca-pabilities of the nuclear security enterprise. The report shall identify the recommended alternative endorsed by the Administrator and contain the analysis of alternatives, in-cluding costs, upon which the Administrator relied in making such endorsement. (b) CERTIFICATION .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the Secretary of De-fense receives the notification under sub-section (a), the Chairman of the Nuclear Weapons Council shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees the written certification of the Chairman regarding whether the recommended alternative en-dorsed by the Administrator— (1) is acceptable to the Secretary of De-fense and the Nuclear Weapons Council and meets the requirements of the Secretary for plutonium pit production capacity and capa-bility; (2) is likely to meet the pit production timelines and milestones required by section 4219 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2538a); (3) is likely to meet pit production timelines and requirements responsive to military requirements; (4) is cost effective and has reasonable near-term and lifecycle costs that are mini-mized, to the extent practicable, as com-pared to other alternatives, and has tested and documented the sensitivity of the cost estimates for each alternative to risks and changes in key assumptions; (5) contains minimized and manageable risks as compared to other alternatives; (6) can be acceptably reconciled with any differences in the conclusions made by the Office of Cost Assessment and Program Eval-uation of the Department of Defense in the business case analysis of plutonium pit pro-duction capability issued in 2013; and (7) has documented the assumptions and constraints used in the analysis of alter-natives. (c) F
AILURE TO CERTIFY .—If the Chairman is unable to submit the certification under subsection (b), the Chairman shall submit to the congressional defense committees and the Administrator written notification de-scribing why the Chairman is unable to make such certification and what steps the Administrator should take to improve the plan of the Administrator to recapitalize plutonium pit production capacity and capa-bility to enable certification. (d) A
SSESSMENT .—Not later than 120 days after the date on which the Comptroller Gen-eral receives the notification under sub-section (a), the Comptroller General shall provide to the congressional defense commit-tees a briefing containing the assessment of the Comptroller General of the analysis of alternatives conducted by the Administrator to select a preferred alternative for recapi-talizing plutonium science and production capabilities. 
AMENDMENT NO . 114 OFFERED BY MR . LARSEN OF  
WASHINGTON  At the end of subtitle B of title XXXI, add the following new section: 
SEC. 3124. PLAN FOR VERIFICATION, DETECTION, AND MONITORING OF NUCLEAR WEAPONS AND FISSILE MATERIAL. 
(a) F INDINGS AND SENSE OF CONGRESS .— (1) F
INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (A) A January 2014 Defense Science Board report found that ‘‘The nuclear future will not be a linear extrapolation of the past. . . [and] [t]he technologies and processes de-signed for current treaty verification and in-spections are inadequate to future moni-toring realities’’. (B) Section 3133 of the Carl Levin and How-ard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) required an interagency plan for nuclear monitoring of nuclear weapons and fissile material, and section 3132 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) required an update of such plan. In both instances, the reports submitted failed to answer the con-gressional requirements, and instead pro-vided only a brief summary of the National Security Council structure and processes. (2) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that verification, detection, and monitoring of nuclear weapons and fissile material should be a priority for national se-curity, and that the reports submitted to date do not reflect this priority, or the cur-rent and planned initiatives related to nu-clear verification and detection. (b) P
LAN.—The President, in consultation with the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Energy, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, and the Direc-tor of National Intelligence, shall develop a plan for verification and monitoring relating to the potential proliferation of nuclear weapons, components of such weapons, and fissile material. (c) E
LEMENTS .—The plan developed under subsection (b) shall include the following: (1) A plan and road map for verification, detection and monitoring, with respect to policy, operations, and research, develop-ment, testing, and evaluation, including— (A) identifying requirements; (B) costs and funding requirements over 10 years for such nuclear verification, detection and monitoring; and (C) identifying and integrating roles, re-sponsibilities, and planning for such nuclear verification, detection and monitoring. (2) A detailed international engagement plan for building cooperation and trans-parency, including bilateral and multilateral efforts, to improve inspections, detection, and monitoring. (3) A detailed description of— (A) current and planned research and de-velopment efforts to improve monitoring, de-tection, and in-field inspection and analysis capabilities, including persistent surveil-lance, remote monitoring, and rapid analysis of large data sets, including open-source data; and (B) measures to coordinate technical and operational requirements early in the proc-ess. (4) Engagement of relevant departments and agencies of the Federal Government and the military departments (including the Open Source Center and the United States Atomic Energy Detection System), national laboratories, industry, and academia. (d) D
ESIGNATION OF DOE.—The President shall designate the Department of Energy as the lead agency for development of the plan under subsection (b). (e) B
RIEFING .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy, acting through the Ad-ministrator for Nuclear Security, shall pro-vide to the appropriate congressional com-mittees an interim briefing on the plan under subsection (b). (f) L
IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Defense for supporting the Executive Office of the President, $10,000,000 may not be obligated or expended until the date on which the President submits to the appropriate congressional committees the plan under subsection (g)(1). (g) S
UBMISSION .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.027 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5857 July 14, 2017 
(1) D EADLINE .—Not later than April 15, 2018, the President shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees the plan de-veloped under subsection (b). (2) F
ORM.—The plan under subsection (b) shall be transmitted in unclassified form, but, consistent with the protection of intel-ligence sources and methods, may include a classified annex. (h) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the following: (1) The congressional defense committees. (2) The Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (3) The Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (4) The Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives. (5) The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives. 
AMENDMENT NO . 115 OFFERED BY MR . CARBAJAL  
OF CALIFORNIA  At the end of subtitle C of title XXXI, add the following new section: 
SEC. 3139. PLAN TO FURTHER MINIMIZE THE USE OF HIGHLY ENRICHED URANIUM FOR MEDICAL ISOTOPES. 
(a) P LAN.—The Secretary of Energy, in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall develop and assess a plan, including with respect to the benefits, risks, costs, and opportunities of the plan, to— (1) take additional actions to promote the wider utilization of molybdenum-99 and technetium-99m produced without the use of highly enriched uranium targets, such as, at a minimum, by— (A) eliminating the availability of highly enriched uranium for Mo-99 by buying back U.S.-origin highly enriched uranium in raw or target form from global Mo-99 suppliers; and (B) restricting or placing financial pen-alties on the import of Mo-99 produced with highly enriched uranium targets; (2) work with global molybdenum suppliers and regulators to reduce the proliferation hazard from reprocessing waste from medical isotope production containing U.S.-origin highly enriched uranium; and (3) ensure an adequate supply of molyb-denum-99 and technetium-99 at all times, and both assess and mitigate any risks to such supply during a transition to production without the use of highly enriched uranium. (b) S
UBMISSION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than April 1, 2018, the Secretary of Energy shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report containing the plan and assessment under subsection (a). (2) F
ORM.—The report under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (3) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘ap-propriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives; and (C) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate. 
AMENDMENT NO . 116 OFFERED BY MR . HUNTER OF  
CALIFORNIA  At the end of title XXXV add the fol-lowing: SEC. ll. FOREIGN SPILL PROTECTION. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Foreign Spill Protection Act of 2017’’. (b) L
IABILITY OF OWNERS AND OPERATORS OF  F
OREIGN FACILITIES .— (1) O
IL POLLUTION CONTROL ACT AMEND -
MENTS .— (A) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 1001 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701) is amended— (i) in paragraph (26)(A)— (I) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘onshore or offshore facility, any person’’ and inserting ‘‘onshore facility, offshore facility, or for-eign offshore unit or other facility located seaward of the exclusive economic zone, any person or entity’’; and (II) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘offshore fa-cility, the person who’’ and inserting ‘‘off-shore facility or foreign offshore unit or other facility located seaward of the exclu-sive economic zone, the person or entity that’’; and (ii) in paragraph (32)— (I) by redesignating subparagraphs (D) through (F) as subparagraphs (E) through (G), respectively; (II) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the following: ‘‘(D) F
OREIGN FACILITIES .—In the case of a foreign offshore unit or other facility located seaward of the exclusive economic zone, any person or other entity owning or operating the facility, and any leaseholder, permit holder, assignee, or holder of a right of use and easement granted under applicable for-eign law for the area in which the facility is located.’’; and (III) in subparagraph (G), as so redesig-nated, by striking ‘‘or offshore facility, the persons who’’ and inserting ‘‘, offshore facil-ity, or foreign offshore unit or other facility located seaward of the exclusive economic zone, the persons or entities that’’. (B) A
CTIONS ON BEHALF OF FUND .—Section 1015(c) of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2715(c)) is amended, in the third sen-tence, by adding before the period at the end the following: ‘‘or other facility located sea-ward of the exclusive economic zone’’. (2) F
EDERAL WATER POLLUTION CONTROL ACT  
AMENDMENTS .—Section 311(a)(11) of the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1321(a)(11)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘and any facility’’ and in-serting ‘‘any facility’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘, and, for the purposes of applying subsections (b), (c), (e), and (o), any foreign offshore unit (as defined in section 1001 of the Oil Pollution Act) or any other fa-cility located seaward of the exclusive eco-nomic zone’’ after ‘‘public vessel’’. (c) C
ONTINUATION PAY.—For providing con-tinuation pay under section 356 of title 37, United States Code, there is appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not other-wise appropriated, to the ‘‘Retired Pay’’ ac-count under the heading ‘‘Department of Homeland Security–Coast Guard’’ in the ap-plicable appropriations Acts for the Depart-ment of Homeland Security— (1) $3,286,277 for fiscal year 2018; and (2) $3,713,232 for fiscal year 2019. 
AMENDMENT NO . 117 OFFERED BY MR . MOULTON  
OF MASSACHUSETTS  At the end of subtitle C of title XII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 12l. STRATEGY FOR SYRIA AND IRAQ. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in coordina-tion with the Secretary of State, submit to the appropriate congressional committees a strategy for Syria and Iraq. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The strategy required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (1) A description of the political and mili-tary objectives and end states for Syria and Iraq. (2) A description of the plan for achieving the political and military objectives and end states for Syria and Iraq, including— (A) with respect to Syria, a plan for polit-ical transition; (B) with respect to Iraq— (i) a plan for political reform and reconcili-ation among ethnic groups and political par-ties; and (ii) an assessment of the required future size and structure of the Iraqi Security Forces, including irregular forces; and (C) a description of the roles and respon-sibilities of United States allies and partners and other countries in the region in estab-lishing regional stability. (3) A description of the military conditions that must be met for the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria to be considered defeated. (c) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate. 
AMENDMENT NO . 118 OFFERED BY MR . LANGEVIN  
OF RHODE ISLAND  Page 409, after line 2, insert the following new section: 
SEC. 1058. REPORT ON THE NATIONAL BIO-DEFENSE ANALYSIS AND COUNTER-MEASURES CENTER. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than December 31, 2017, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate Congressional committees a report, prepared in consultation with the officials listed in subsection (b), on the Na-tional Biodefense Analysis and Counter-measures Center (referred to in this section as the ‘‘NBACC’’) containing the following information: (1) The functions of the NBACC. (2) The end users of the NBACC, including those whose assets may be managed by other agencies. (3) The cost and mission impact for each user identified under paragraph (2) of any po-tential closure of the NBACC, including an analysis of the functions of the NBACC that cannot be replicated by other departments and agencies of the Federal Government. (4) In the case of closure of the NBACC, a transition plan for any essential functions currently performed by the NBACC to ensure mission continuity, including the storage of samples needed for ongoing criminal cases. (b) C
ONSULTATION .—The officials listed in this subsection are the following: (1) The Secretary of Homeland Security. (2) The Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. (3) The Attorney General. (4) The Director of National Intelligence. (5) As determined by the Secretary of Homeland Security, the leaders of other of-fices that utilize the NBACC. (c) F
ORM.—The report submitted under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassi-fied form, but may contain a classified annex. (d) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘appropriate Congressional Com-mittees’’ means the Committees on Appro-priations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives, the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Homeland Security and Government Affairs of the Senate, the Com-mittees on Judiciary of the Senate and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.027 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5858 July 14, 2017 
House of Representatives, and the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives. 
AMENDMENT NO . 119 OFFERED BY MRS . 
COMSTOCK OF VIRGINIA  At the end of subtitle B of title XVI, add the following new section: 
SEC. 16ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON NEW COM-MERCIAL SATELLITE SERVICING AC-TIVITIES. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) Government funding and support is an important element in fostering the develop-ment of a robust marketplace of new com-mercial satellite servicing activities; and (2) the Federal Government should ensure that in its actions it does not unduly or arti-ficially distort competition in the market for new commercial satellite servicing ac-tivities. 
AMENDMENT NO . 120 OFFERED BY MR . DAVIDSON  
OF OHIO  At the end of subtitle H of title XII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 12l. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS TO CONDUCT MILITARY OPERATIONS IN YEMEN. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—No amounts authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available to the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2018 may be made available to conduct military operations in Yemen. (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to prohibit the following: (1) Activities carried out in full compliance with the Authorization for Use of Military Force (Public Law 107–40; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note). (2) The provision of humanitarian assist-ance. (3) The defense of United States Armed Forces. (4) Support for freedom of navigation oper-ations. 
AMENDMENT NO . 121 OFFERED BY MR . MARINO OF  
PENNSYLVANIA  At the end of title VIII (page 323, after line 4), add the following new section: 
SEC. 871. REPORT ON SOURCING OF TUNGSTEN AND TUNGSTEN POWDERS FROM DO-MESTIC PRODUCERS. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report on the procurement of tungsten and tungsten powders for military applications. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report under sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) An overview of the quantities and coun-tries of origin of tungsten and tungsten pow-ders that are procured by the Department of Defense or prime contractors of the Depart-ment for military applications. (2) An evaluation of the effects on the De-partment if domestic-produced tungsten and tungsten powders are given priority. (3) An evaluation of the effects on the De-partment if tungsten and tungsten powders are required to be procured from only domes-tic producers. (4) An estimate of any costs associated with domestic sourcing requirements related to tungsten and tungsten powders. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 440, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) and the gentleman from Washington (Mr. S
MITH) each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. D
AVIDSON ). Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment No. 80 as en bloc No. 4. My amendment encourages collabo-ration between the FAA and DOD on unmanned aircraft systems so that the FAA may leverage the unique capabili-ties and insights of the DOD. These are important activities as the FAA moves forward with incorporating unmanned systems into the national airspace. The efforts highlighted in my amend-ment are already ongoing activities be-tween the FAA and the DOD, but more work needs to be done, as documented in a 2014 joint report to Congress. The Air Force Research Laboratory located at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, AFRL, in particular, has exper-tise in these sense-and-avoid tech-nologies. AFRL is planning to conduct unmanned aircraft research activities at Springfield, Ohio’s, Air National Guard base in Ohio’s Eighth District, upon FAA approval. I am proud of our airmen and the work conducted at both Springfield and Wright-Patterson and to offer this amendment to help the FAA make good use of the capabilities located there. I also rise in support of my amend-ment No. 120 as part of this en bloc package. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. DAVIDSON. My amendment is critical for ensuring Congress reclaims its war-making powers by prohibiting funding for U.S. operations in Yemen that are not in compliance with the 2001 AUMF. I am concerned about any U.S. operations in Yemen that are out-side the scope of the current AUMF and have no identifiable authorization from Congress. My amendment is very simple. If the military operation is within the scope of the 2001 AUMF, it is permissible. If it has not been authorized by Congress, then it is not permissible. I look forward to working with the chairman and my colleagues in the Senate to ensure this provision is adopted in the final NDAA conference report. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I urge support of this bill. I want to begin by thanking the chairman and all of the members of the committee. As has been noted many times, this is the most bipartisan com-mittee in Congress; and I think, once again, even in difficult circumstances, we have proved that this year. That is, in large part, due to the leadership of Chairman THORNBERRY . I thank him for that. I also thank our staff, which does an unbelievable job. There are hundreds, if not thousands of amendments, that come at them. They manage that. You see the very few that actually come through either in committee or on the floor. They work through literally thousands of ideas and do an amazing job, so I really want to thank our staff for their great work. In particular, I want to thank Vickie Plunkett. This will be her last markup. She is retiring. She has done a fabulous job for our staff. She basically exempli-fies everything I just said about how great our staff is, how they work in a bipartisan manner and do a great job to serve our country. So, I thank Vickie for her incredible service to our committee and to the country. Mr. Chairman, I think this is a good bill that we should support because, make no mistake about it, what the chairman and many others have said is true: we face a complex threat environ-ment. The U.S. national security is at risk. I take Mr. NOLAN from Minnesota’s point that spending a lot of money on wars that we didn’t need to engage in does cost us at home, and that point is valid, but so is the point that we face threats we must confront. North Korea is testing interconti-nental ballistic missiles. It is no doubt that their goal is to develop a nuclear missile, capable of striking the U.S. Being from the West Coast—and they always say that it could hit Seattle. I don’t know why they don’t talk about any other city on the West Coast. It could hit a lot of different places. We need to be worried about that. We need to be prepared to stop that. Russia continues to undermine not just our elections, but democracy itself, across Europe, and even down in the Middle East and Africa. We need to be prepared to confront that. We face a terrorist threat. 9/11 killed 3,000 people in this country because we weren’t ready to prevent it. The groups that supported that attack have not gone away; they have metastasized. Now, I will completely agree with some of my friends on the left, who think that the terrorism threat is often overblown. I think it is often also a mistake to demonize the Muslim reli-gion. And even though I know some people don’t do that, they simply want to confront groups like al-Qaida and ISIS, Steve Bannon, who works right next to the White House, has said that Islam is a totalitarian ideology of sub-jugation, it is not a religion. He thinks all Muslims are a threat. To the extent that we adopt a na-tional security policy that views the world that way, we make the problem worse. That is what ISIS wants; that is what al-Qaida wants. They want a clash of civilizations. We should not want that. They have killed more Mus-lims than any other religion on Earth. Muslims have the biggest stake in this. We must work with them, not against them, to confront that terrorist threat that ISIS and al-Qaida and others present. On the broader budget issue, as I mentioned a couple of times, the first 6 months of this year, we had a number 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.027 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5859 July 14, 2017 
of folks in the Pentagon come over and spell out all kinds of nightmare sce-narios about every bad thing that could conceivably happen—some of ones that I mentioned, and hundreds of others that I haven’t. And I understand that. That is their job. Their job is to worry about what could come at us. But, past a certain point, that isn’t helpful. We need a plan, we need a strategy to confront this, and we need to make choices. That is the one thing that I am still concerned about with this bill. It really doesn’t make choices. It continues to spend money in a variety of different places, without a recognition of finite resources and choices that need to be made about how to confront the threats that are most dangerous to us—how to spend that money in the best way possible. That is something that I think we need to work on going forward. We also have the budget problem that I described. And I won’t give the same full speech that I gave before, but I will simplify it and say that there is a consensus in Congress and in the country that we need to balance the budget without raising taxes and with-out cutting any programs that people might like. That doesn’t work. It sim-ply is not possible. It doesn’t add up. That is why we don’t have a budget resolution. Any budget resolution that the Republican Congress could put on the floor will fail to meet some of the promises that they, and others, have made. We have got to be honest about that, because this bill, again, is $72 bil-lion over the budget caps. It is actually $91 billion over the budget caps, if you add in—well, sorry, $81 billion over the budget caps, if you add in the money that we took from OCO to put into the base. So, if we do not raise the budget caps, this goes away and leaves us, once again, in the land of uncertainty for the Department of Defense. We have to make choices on the budget going forward so that we don’t leave the Defense Department in the lurch, not knowing how much money that they are going to have. So, we still don’t have a budget resolution in front of us. And, lastly, I do want to point out that the rest of the budget does mat-ter. The chairman and I have had a lit-tle bit of an argument about this: we are the Armed Services Committee, we should pay attention to that; you know, don’t sacrifice our troops for the sake of domestic—he always says polit-ical priorities. That is the one word in his argument that I find not really ap-propriate. There is nothing political about it. It is a policy choice. It is basically decid-ing what domestic priorities are impor-tant. And, make no mistake about it, the discretionary budget is a zero-sum game. I mentioned yesterday the Presi-dent’s budget: a $54 billion plus-up for defense, and $54 billion cut from non-defense discretionary. So don’t tell me that one thing doesn’t have anything to do with the other. But even the so-called budget resolu-tion, the budget agreement that the House Republicans have come up with, but have not yet dared to put to a vote, has a $72 billion plus-up for defense, and a $5 billion cut for domestic spend-ing. So, again, the two are absolutely connected. What are we talking about with do-mestic spending? I won’t go through all of it. I will just mention a couple of things. Yesterday, I mentioned our infra-structure. Bridges are collapsing all across the country. I saw a big story yesterday about how the Memorial Bridge is about to fall down. We have incredible infrastructure needs that lead to the strength of our country that are connected, just like national defense is to the strength of this Na-tion. But another example, the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center—it is close to my district, it is in Seattle— is doing incredible research right now, that figured out how to not use chemo-therapy but actually go in, take out the white blood cells that aren’t work-ing, get them to work, and send them back in to successfully fight cancer. This has worked for blood cancers. They just started studies on lung can-cer. But, basically, we could cure can-cer, without going through the hell of chemo. The President’s budget would cut Fred Hutchinson’s funding by over two-thirds. I don’t think curing cancer is a polit-ical agenda. That is a very real need that has an incredible impact on the lives of Americans, just like national security. It is like making sure that North Korea doesn’t hit us with a nu-clear weapon, making sure that ter-rorist groups don’t attack us. Curing cancer, stopping bridges from col-lapsing, these are priorities. b1015 Because we are not making budget choices, these are priorities that get pushed aside. And if you plus-up de-fense and take it from nondefense dis-cretionary, then you are having that very real impact. Now, I am not going to say it has to be dollar for dollar. I think it probably should be, but we can negotiate around that. But to simply gut the nondefense discretionary budget to plus-up defense does not make this country safer. We heard yesterday, hey, in a time of war, you make domestic sacrifices. And we have all read about World War II, all the domestic sacrifices that were made at that time. I get that. But you know what else you do in a time of war? Well, you don’t cut taxes. You raise them. Prior to 2001, we had never gone to war without raising taxes or issuing war bonds or, basi-cally, asking for more money. But that, of course, we cannot do. Again, I will say I care enough about the national security of this country, I would raise taxes to pay for it instead of simply adding to the deficit or stop-ping the ability of somebody like the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Cen-ter from finding a cure for cancer. That is the choice that I would make. These choices are not being made in this budget resolution, and I think that places us at risk. Lastly, the nondefense discretionary budget is the State Department, it is USAID, it is the Department of Home-land Security. If you are going to have a national security strategy, it can’t just be the military. And you know who will tell you that more often than anybody? The military. They don’t want to bear the entire burden. General Secretary Mattis had the best quote on this. If you are going to cut diplomacy, if you are going to cut development, you better give me four more divisions because that is how many more wars I am going to have to fight. So to say we are going to add all this money to defense, and defense is so im-portant, and if you are against it be-cause of other priorities, then you just don’t care about the troops, is incred-ibly disingenuous because all of these other things matter to the national se-curity of this country. And all we are getting out of the majority right now is an effort to plus-up defense at the expense of everything else. I say an effort because they haven’t actually voted on it yet. It hasn’t actu-ally happened. And it is more likely than not that this bill—good, though, it is—and the great work that has been done on a number of different policy di-visions that don’t have anything to do with the money, the good work on ac-quisition reform to try to make sure we get more for the money that we spend, all of that is in jeopardy because this bill has at least $72 billion in it over the budget caps that is, more like-ly than not, not going to be there come October 1 or the end of this year. So if we don’t make the choices on the budget that reflect the priorities of the entire country, that actually re-flect the budget numbers, then we are doing a disservice to the men and women who serve our country. It is a good bill. It is going to be bet-ter once we figure out the budget issues and actually start making the choices that are necessary to make us stronger in every aspect of society. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, I fully agree with the gentleman from Washington when he expresses his appreciation to the mem-bers of our committee. Each one of the 62 members of our committee has con-tributed to the bill that is here before us today and, as the Chair knows, we have had more amendments considered over the last 3 days than ever before for a National Defense Authorization bill. So Members of the whole body have contributed in many ways. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.027 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5860 July 14, 2017 
I also agree with the gentleman that our staff on both sides of the aisle, led by Jenness Simler and Paul Arcangeli, have done a terrific job in helping to manage this process and to shape and guide what has been historic levels of interest by Members on particular pro-visions. Mr. Chairman, I think that you would find among our committee vir-tually, if not unanimous, agreement on two points. One is we live in an in-creasingly dangerous world. The second one is we have done deep damage to our military because of the budgets cuts, the continuing resolutions, the erratic nature of funding over the last few years. Certainly, the members of our com-mittee who go out and actually talk to the people who serve have heard, seen, witnessed firsthand airplanes that can’t fly, ships that can’t sail, training that has not gone on, movers—we are trying to save money for the military, so we are hiring cut-rate movers, and members of the military are experi-encing incredible damage to their household goods as they are shuffled about from place to place involun-tarily. Sometimes there are movers with criminal records who can’t actu-ally get on the military base they are supposed to be delivering to. I mean, just example after example of how these cuts have affected the men and women who serve. And as Secretary Mattis says, the only reason we are doing so well around the world is because they have sucked it up and borne the burden. Deep damage that this bill starts to re-verse. I appreciate all the Members who support fixing our planes, getting the training, having ships that sail, better missile defense, all the things that are in this bill. I am not going to engage in a de-tailed discussion about the budget. The gentleman and I discuss this fre-quently. I would just say, Mr. Chairman, I be-lieve the first obligation of the Federal Government is to defend the country. Article I, section 8 says that Congress has the power and the responsibility to raise and support armies, provide and maintain navies, provide the rules and regulations for the military forces of the United States. That is our job, and I think that is our first job. So I agree that some of the cuts that have been proposed in other domestic programs, discretionary programs, are inappropriate, and we ought to evalu-ate each of them on their merits. And that continues to be my point when it comes to defense. We evaluate our obligations to the country and to the men and women who serve, based on the merits of this argument. We don’t tie it to other do-mestic programs. We do not say we are only going to increase defense to fix our planes if we can increase the EPA an equal amount. We don’t tie it to other things. The obligations to the men and women who risk their lives stand on their own, and that, at least in my view, is our first obligation. Now, when we start talking about budgets, we get into all sorts of con-versations about how mandatory spending is really where more than two-thirds of the budget is; how that is what has been growing; how defense is down to about 16 percent of the budget, and as it has been shrinking, the def-icit has been going up. Obviously, de-fense is not the cause when it comes to deficits. We can also, when we talk about tax, start talking about economic growth and this lackluster growth that the economy has suffered, at least over the last 8 years, and the need to get things going to help with the deficit. Lots of issues to discuss, but the issue before us today is how we fulfill our responsibilities to the men and women who serve and to the country that is relying on us to protect them from missiles, to help protect them from terrorist attacks, to support the men and women who are actually per-forming those missions. I think this bill advances that cause. A number of Members on both sides of the aisle have contributed to it. I think and hope it deserves the support of most all Members of the House, and I urge support for this en bloc package. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Chair, as we prepare to vote on the final passage of the National De-fense Authorization Act I am extremely con-cerned about the lack of discussion and de-bate on the issue of Russia. As a member of the House Armed Services Committee, I have heard from the leaders of our military and there is no question about the threat Russia poses to our national security. It is alarming to me that a number of amendments, which purpose was to gain bet-ter situational awareness on various Russian activities, were not debated on the floor this week. Despite the fact that Russia has continu-ously attacked and interfered with our coun-try’s democratic process, while continuing to threaten the democracy and sovereignty of other states, this body has decided to avoid a robust discussion on the concerning actions of Russia. Mr. Chair, it is obvious that we have not adequately addressed the threat Russia poses to our nation. Reasonable amendments like mine that would have assessed Russia’s disinformation and propaganda activities along with its sup-port for separatist activities were not made in order. Mr. Chair, why would we not want more information on these concerning activities? My amendment would have also assessed the suppressive democratic conditions in Rus-sia. Is this body no longer concerned about human rights? I believe it is the responsibility of Congress to fully understand and assess the threats other countries pose on our national security. I have no doubt that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle will agree with me that Russia has demonstrated to be a threat to the security of our nation. As such why aren’t we doing more to address this threat? Mr. Chair, this Congress needs to have a discussion on how we can most effectively combat the aggressive actions of Russia, and it is disappointing that we were unable to do this during the consideration of the National Defense Authorization Act. Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my amendment to cut waste and strengthen our military installations. This amendment would require the Depart-ment of Defense to ensure that there is not usable space available on a military installa-tion before entering into expensive leases or purchasing additional property. To put this into context, you wouldn’t lease space in a parking lot if you already had room in your own garage to park your car. This amendment is needed because, while asking for another round of base realignments and closures, the Department of Defense leased more than 6,000 buildings in fiscal year 2015 instead of using available space that it already owns. That sounds like a waste to me. My Congressional district is home to the Rock Island Arsenal, and we’re proud to have it as part of our community. It houses the Army’s only remaining foundry and employs more than 6,000 hardworking people. But like many of our military installations, it has room for more. We should be using facilities like the Arse-nal to their full potential, especially when it means we can reduce overall costs. That’s why I’m offering this amendment today. I want to thank my bipartisan cosponsors Congressmen P
AUL GOSAR , DAVE LOEBSACK  and W
ALTER JONES for their support of this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORN -
BERRY ). The en bloc amendments were agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 122 OFFERED BY MS . TENNEY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 122 printed in House Report 115–217. Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VIII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 860A. ADDITION OF DOMESTICALLY PRO-DUCED STAINLESS STEEL FLAT-WARE TO THE BERRY AMENDMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2533a(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) Stainless steel flatware.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Section 2533a(b)(3) of title 10, United States Code, as added by sub-section (a), shall apply with respect to con-tracts entered into after the date occurring one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 440, the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. T
ENNEY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.028 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5861 July 14, 2017 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from New York. Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Chairman, my con-stituents are discouraged. They are fed up with political elites who have failed to represent them, and with special in-terest groups who, too often, put im-practical dogma before practical pol-icy. In the Rust Belt region I represent in upstate New York, the impact of this has been devastating: devastating job losses, economic stagnation, and the massive out-migration of people and jobs, the largest in the Nation. In my district, Mr. Chairman, decline has bred despair, which has spurred a host of other problems. In light of all this, I was elected to Congress with a strong mission to reverse the tide and to revitalize our upstate communities to the greatness and innovation they once experienced. I am the voice for my constituents who have been left behind, and I am fighting to bring my district back on path toward individual prosperity and economic revival. Mr. Chairman, my amendment uniquely achieves both. There is noth-ing new or groundbreaking about my amendment. Simply put, it reinstates a domestic sourcing provision for stain-less steel flatware that was in law for 30 years without issue. My amendment adds stainless steel flatware back into the Berry amendment. For 30 years, American-made flat-ware was covered under Berry. How-ever, the provision was removed in 2006 after Oneida Limited, the only Berry- compliant manufacturer, ceased do-mestic operations. In the void left by Oneida’s departure came Sherrill Manufacturing, a com-pany in my district that, since 2008, has produced 100 percent American-made flatware. And since 2008, Sherrill has been among the top providers of flat-ware to the Department of Defense and GSA, fulfilling more than $6.8 million in Federal contracts over an 8-year pe-riod. All these products are being produced in the formerly closed factory using re-furbished Oneida Limited equipment, and also providing jobs for many of the same employees who lost their jobs from Oneida’s closure after decades of service to that same closed factory. In fact, GSA has repeatedly found Sherrill’s flatware to be offered at fair and reasonable prices, which is why the agency already purchases flatware from Sherrill, independent of any do-mestic sourcing requirement. Some domestic sourcing require-ments may raise costs. No evidence has been submitted to support the claim that my amendment will do that. This alone should allay any concerns that taxpayers would be on the hook for overly expensive flatware, should my amendment be adopted. But if it isn’t enough, then there is this: My amendment retains all existing waivers under Berry, which means that, if Sherrill’s flatware becomes too expensive or is of poor quality or insuf-ficient quality, the DOD can find other sources. Ultimately, Mr. Chairman, whenever we can create domestic sourcing oppor-tunities that reduce our military’s de-pendence on imported goods and strengthen domestic supply chains without significantly raising procure-ment costs, we should. And this is what my amendment does. Reinstating the Berry amendment’s domestic sourcing requirement rep-resents a clear continuity in Federal procurement policy, not a stark diver-gence. As I said, this provision was in effect for 30 years. Thus far, there is one Berry-compli-ant manufacturer that happens to be in my district and there should not be a problem with that, as we hope many more producers return to the United States, where their businesses were founded to provide robust competition. I also support this amendment for the simple reason that it is good pol-icy. It gives a leg up to a robust domes-tic supply chain that spans five States while reducing our military’s logistical dependence on imports. Moreover, for the 30-year history of the Berry amendment’s flatware provi-sion, there was only ever one domestic producer. Under the Berry amendment, this is all that is required. And in Sherrill’s case, we know it is a pro-ducer that has a track record of offer-ing flatware at market rates. Mr. Chairman, in districts like mine across the country that have rusted- out factories that line the landscapes of far too many of my communities, today we have an opportunity to fix this problem and restore the once great Empire State and our Nation to the manufacturing strength it once en-joyed. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan measure. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
IPINSKI ), my colleague, for some comments. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment, and I want to make one thing perfectly clear. American taxpayers want their tax dollars to go to putting Americans to work. This amendment means buy American and hire American. So I just want everyone to be clear. We hear a lot about Buy American, Hire Amer-ican. This is what this amendment would do, and I urge all my colleagues to support this amendment. Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, I have tremendous re-spect and admiration for the gentle-woman from New York and her efforts to represent her district, her people, and try to make life better. It kind of relates to some of the conversations Mr. SMITH and I were just having about tax policy, about industrial policy, about regulations, about how we have, in this country, become less competi-tive internationally than we should. However, I must oppose this amend-ment because the bottom line is that it is not a matter of national security where the DOD buys its knives, forks, and spoons. b1030 If Members needed further evidence of the wide range of issues which we deal with in the National Defense Au-thorization Act, this bill is a key ex-ample. I think the gentlewoman accurately described the history. The Berry amendment was passed in 1940 to make sure that food and textiles were pro-cured from the United States to sup-port our military efforts. In the 1970s, they put in a specialty metals provision, and attached to that was a comma that said ‘‘including flat-ware.’’ So then it turned out there wasn’t anybody here at home that made flatware because of these inter-national competitive issues, and DOD came to us more than a decade ago and said, ‘‘Would you please get rid of that portion of the Berry amendment?’’ and we did. Now the question is: Are we going to start adding back specific sorts of items which DOD may buy and say you can only buy it from one place, wheth-er or not it is critical to our country’s national security? Now, the gentlewoman mentioned that GSA is buying some spoons and knives and so forth from this manufac-turer, and that is great. If we do, I hope that happens, and I hope more jobs come to her district. But to put into Federal law that the only place the De-partment of Defense can buy its knives and forks and spoons is from this one company, I think, starts to get us into micromanagement of industries and takes us away from the focus of this bill, which should be the troops, what is the best thing for them. So with all my admiration for the gentlewoman, I oppose this amend-ment. We cannot go down the road of adding category after category after category of items to help our districts at the expense of our troops and the best use of dollars when it is not a mat-ter of vital national security. I just don’t think that the knives and forks we use qualify as vital national secu-rity. Mr. Chair, I oppose the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from New York (Ms. T
ENNEY ). The amendment was rejected. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.031 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5862 July 14, 2017 
now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 115–217 on which further proceedings were post-poned, in the following order: Amendment No. 13 by Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona. Amendment No. 15 by Mr. L
AMBORN  of Colorado. Amendment No. 17 by Mr. B
YRNE of Alabama. Amendment No. 18 by Mr. H
UNTER of California. Amendment No. 43 by Mr. M
CGOVERN  of Massachusetts. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MR . FRANKS OF  
ARIZONA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. F
RANKS ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 208, noes 217, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 372] AYES—208 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comer Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Rutherford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—217 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meehan Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) NOT VOTING—8 
Bilirakis Cleaver Cummings Jones Labrador Meeks Napolitano Scalise 
b1057 Messrs. THOMPSON of Mississippi, VARGAS, Ms. SINEMA, Messrs. NEWHOUSE, TROTT, FITZPATRICK, PETERSON, Mrs. TORRES, Messrs. FASO, and LANGEVIN changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California changed her vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MR . LAMBORN  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia). The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 235, noes 189, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 373] AYES—235 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.033 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5863 July 14, 2017 
McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—189 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—9 
Bilirakis Cleaver Cummings Jones Labrador Lamborn Meeks Napolitano Scalise 
b1101 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MR . BYRNE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 244, noes 181, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 374] AYES—244 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Shea-Porter Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—181 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Fudge Gabbard Gallego Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (PA) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—8 
Bilirakis Cleaver Cummings Jones Labrador Meeks Napolitano Scalise 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.017 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5864 July 14, 2017 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1105 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 18 OFFERED BY MR . HUNTER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UN-
TER) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 234, noes 190, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 375] AYES—234 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—190 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—9 
Bilirakis Cleaver Cummings Jones Labrador Meeks Napolitano Perlmutter Scalise 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1108 Ms. PELOSI changed her vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. AMENDMENT NO . 43 OFFERED BY MR . MCGOVERN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 424, noes 0, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 376] AYES—424 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.038 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5865 July 14, 2017 
Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—9 
Bilirakis Cleaver Cummings Graves (GA) Jones Labrador Meeks Napolitano Scalise 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. S IMPSON ) (during the vote). There is 1 minute re-maining. b1112 Mr. CONYERS changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The Acting CHAIR. There being no further amendments, under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. COL-
LINS of Georgia) having assumed the chair, Mr. S
IMPSON , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consider-ation the bill (H.R. 2810) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construc-tion, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 440, he reported the bill, as amended by House Resolution 431, back to the House with sundry further amendments adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is or-dered. Is a separate vote demanded on any further amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. The amendments were agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I have a mo-tion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentlewoman opposed to the bill? Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. I am opposed in its cur-rent form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Ms. Michelle Lujan Grisham of New Mex-ico moves to recommit H.R. 2810 to the Com-mittee on Armed Services with instructions to report the same back to the House forth-with, with the following amendment: At the end of subtitle D of title X, insert the following new section 1039: 
SEC. 1039. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION REGARDING USE OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FUNDING OF A BORDER WALL. 
None of the funds authorized to be appro-priated by this Act or otherwise made avail-able for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Defense may be used to plan, develop, or construct any barriers, including walls or fences, along the international border of the United States. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to com-mittee. If adopted, the bill will imme-diately proceed to final passage, as amended. The National Defense Authorization Act has passed Congress 56 years in a row, and that is a testament to the col-laborative, bipartisan work the Armed Services Committee has done to sup-port our troops who put themselves in harm’s way every single day to defend our country. This year, the House Armed Services Committee adopted an amendment in-troduced by Congressman GALLEGO to ensure that none of the funds meant to support our troops and safeguard our Nation’s security can be used for build-ing President Trump’s border wall. The amendment was debated, amend-ed, and ultimately adopted without ob-jection by every single member of the Armed Services Committee. If you ask the people who know the border the best, whether it is compa-nies, lawmakers, border communities, trade groups, economists, or law en-forcement officials—both Republicans and Democrats—most agree that build-ing a wall is unnecessary, impractical, ineffective, and, frankly, a complete waste of time and taxpayer money. Furthermore, the United States al-ready maintains approximately 650 miles of border fence in areas that most effectively stop the unauthorized entry of people, vehicles, drugs, arms, and other illicit items. Instead of a costly border wall be-tween the U.S. and Mexico, the Armed Services Committee chose to fully fund military healthcare, raise the pay of military personnel, and improve our Nation’s cybersecurity. They agreed that President Trump’s ongoing effort to build a wall is waste-ful and has absolutely nothing to do with advancing U.S. national security interests. I want to emphasize that this amend-ment incorporated both Democratic and Republican ideas, and passed unanimously in a bipartisan manner. But late Tuesday night, House Repub-lican leadership stripped Congressman G
ALLEGO ’s amendment from the NDAA with the use of a glaringly undemo-cratic, procedural gimmick to help Trump fulfill his campaign promise. Republican leadership’s actions to unilaterally open the door for funding the wall through the use of this defense bill is an insult to every single member of the Armed Services Committee, to our democratic principles, and to the spirit of bipartisanship. They chose to undermine the unani-mous judgment of the Armed Services Committee without the courage to test their proposal with a vote or even a de-bate on the floor. You may hear my colleague on the other side of the aisle claim that pro-hibiting the construction of the wall doesn’t fall within the jurisdiction of the Defense Department. However, I am not sure why the 8 members of the Rules Committee believe that they are more qualified to judge what should be included in the NDAA than the 61 members of the Armed Services Com-mittee or the 435 Members of this delib-erative body as a whole. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.023 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5866 July 14, 2017 
Further, I am not sure why the Rules Committee thought that a discrimina-tory amendment preventing the De-partment of Defense from providing medically necessary healthcare serv-ices to transgendered military per-sonnel was more appropriate for debate than preventing Trump from usurping funds intended for our troops. You may also hear that my Repub-lican colleagues claim that President Trump can’t use any funds in the NDAA to start construction of the wall anyway. But that is not true. Under title 10, the Secretary of Defense could transfer funding for that purpose this afternoon if he wanted, all without ap-proval of Congress. Mr. Speaker, the only way this body can guarantee that Trump cannot use Department of Defense funds to con-struct the border wall is to put that prohibition in the bill explicitly. The only way we can do that is by passing my motion to recommit to restore Con-gressman G
ALLEGO ’s bipartisan amend-ment in the bill and ensure that our troops are not robbed to pay for a bor-der wall. But I want to be clear: the adoption of this amendment will not prevent passage of the underlying bill. If the amendment is adopted, it will be incor-porated into the bill and the bill will immediately be voted upon. We all have an opportunity to stand united to support our Nation’s service-members and to protect hard-earned taxpayer dollars from the President’s political pipe dream. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support my final amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to re-commit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, this is a procedural motion that, in my view, should be rejected. We could spend all day and night ar-guing provisions that prohibit what is not in the bill. There is nothing in this bill that authorizes a border wall. The focus of the bill is the men and women who serve our Nation in the military and the national security of the United States. And that is what I want to take a moment to talk about. I would suggest that all of us think back just to the events of the last 10 days. On July 4, North Korea launched what most observers believe is an intercontinental ballistic missile capa-ble of reaching parts of the United States. And we know they already have nuclear weapons. On July 9, Iraqi Prime Minister al- Abadi went into Mosul to celebrate the ousting of ISIS with U.S. advisers, U.S. airpower, and U.S. intelligence. Also, this week, the Chinese navy conducted drills in the Mediterranean on their way to conduct joint exercises with the Russians in the Balkans. This is just a taste of the world we live in, and there are provisions in this bill that address every one of these in-cidents, from more missile defense to getting more ships in the water faster and cheaper, to supporting our efforts against ISIS, al-Qaida, and terrorist groups. But there is another event this week that I hope we all keep in mind. On Monday, July 10, a KC–130 crashed on its way across the country, resulting in the death of 15 marines and one sailor. We do not know what caused this crash, but the early evidence indicates that there was a catastrophic failure when it was cruising at altitude. It will be fully investigated. But in the meantime, I think we always have to remember that, even on routine training missions, even on routine de-ployments, the men and women who serve are risking their lives for us. We owe them the best equipment, in the best shape, with the best training that our Nation can provide. Unfortunately, that is not what they have been get-ting. This year, our committee has heard testimony that, under the budget caps, the Army is outranged, outgunned, and outdated. More than half the Navy air-craft cannot fly. More than half the planes in the Air Force qualify for an antique license in the State of Vir-ginia. More than half the planes the Navy has can’t fly. Unfortunately, ac-cident rates are going up. Sometimes I have heard the argu-ment that: Well, we are not going to give them any more money until they can pass an audit or they can do this and that or the other thing. But as everybody rushes out to get on their airplanes, just think about this: What if the board of directors of your airline decided that they are not going to spend any more money repair-ing planes until there is a bookkeeping problem solved in headquarters? Yet that is exactly what we have been doing to our military. We have not been giving them the planes and other equipment in good repair. Every year for 55 straight years, Con-gresses and Presidents of both parties have passed into law a National De-fense Authorization Act. There is a lot of credit to go around, including the Members on both sides of this aisle who have contributed to this product. I am very grateful for what they have done. But what I am really grateful for are the men and women who serve and in-spire us, the men and women who are counting on us. Mr. Speaker, I would just say, what-ever our differences on other issues, which we will have time to debate in another time and place, whatever our differences about what is in or not in this bill, we need to put those dif-ferences aside and continue to support the men and women who serve and de-fend us. Let’s not let them down. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. RECORDED VOTE  
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of passage. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 190, noes 235, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 377] AYES—190 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—235 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.045 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5867 July 14, 2017 
Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—8 
Bilirakis Cleaver Cummings Jones Labrador Meeks Napolitano Scalise 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, I regrettably missed votes on July 12 through 14, 2017. I regrettably had to attend and preside over the funeral of a good friend and civic leader in Kansas City. Had I been present I would have voted as follows on H.R. 23: ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall 351 On Motion to Recom-mit with Instructions: Gaining Responsibility on Water Act ‘‘No’’ on rollcall 352 On Passage: Gaining Responsibility on Water Act ‘‘No’’ on rollcall 353 Motion to Adjourn ‘‘No’’ on rollcall 354 On ordering the Pre-vious Question ‘‘No’’ on rollcall 355 On Agreeing to the Resolution H. Res. 440 For H.R. 2810 Had I been present I would have voted as follows: ‘‘No’’ on rollcall 356 Conaway Amendment 2 ‘‘No’’ on rollcall 357 Polis, Lee Amendment ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall 358 Jayapal/Pocan Amend-ment 5 ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall 359 Nadler Amendment 6 ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall 360 Blumenauer Amend-ment 8 ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall 361 Aguilar Amendment 10 ‘‘No’’ on rollcall 362 Rogers (AL) Amend-ment 88 ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall 363 Garamendi Amend-ment 12 ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall 364 Blumenauer Amend-ment 13 ‘‘No’’ on rollcall 365 McClintock Amendment 14 ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall 366 Garamendi/Hunter amendment 1 ‘‘No’’ on rollcall 367 Buck amendment 3 ‘‘No’’ on rollcall 368 Buck/Perry amendment 4 ‘‘No’’ on rollcall 369 Hartzler amendment 10 ‘‘No’’ on rollcall 370 Gosar amendment 5 ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall 371 Rooney, Murphy amendment 6 ‘‘No’’ on rollcall 372 Franks Amendment 13 ‘‘No’’ on rollcall 373 Lamborn Amendment 15 ‘‘No’’ on rollcall 374 Frankel, Byrne Amend-ment 17 ‘‘No’’ on rollcall 375 Hunter, Wilson Amend-ment 18 ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall 376 McGovern, Emmer Amendment 43 ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall 377 Motion to Recommit H.R. 2810 ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall 378 Final Passage of H.R. 2810 PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, because of a funeral of a family member, I was not present on Friday, July 14, for votes during National Defense Authorization Act of 2017. Had I been here I would have voted in the following man-ner. Rollcall Vote 372—‘‘Yea’’ Rollcall Vote 373—‘‘Yea’’ Rollcall Vote 374—‘‘Yea’’ Rollcall Vote 375—‘‘Yea’’ Rollcall Vote 376—‘‘Yea’’ Rollcall Vote 377—MTR—‘‘Nay’’ Rollcall Vote 378—Final Passage—‘‘Yea’’ 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY COMMITTEE ON RULES RE -
GARDING AMENDMENT PROCESS ON H .R. 218, 
H.R. 2910, AND H .R. 2883 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, the Rules Committee issued announce-ments outlining the amendment proc-ess for three measures that likely will be before the Rules Committee next week. An amendment deadline has been set for Tuesday, July 18, at 10 a.m., for H.R. 218, the King Cove Road Land Ex-change Act; H.R. 2910, the Promoting Interagency Coordination for Review of Natural Gas Pipelines Act; and H.R. 2883, the Promoting Cross-Border En-ergy Infrastructure Act. The text of these measures is avail-able on the Rules Committee website. Feel free to contact me or a member of the Rules Committee if Members have any questions. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, 5-minute voting will con-tinue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 344, noes 81, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 378] AYES—344 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blunt Rochester Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Clay Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Engel Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kihuen Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.019 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5868 July 14, 2017 
Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawson (FL) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sanford Sarbanes Schiff Schneider Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—81 
Adams Amash Barraga´n Bass Blumenauer Bonamici Butterfield Capuano Carson (IN) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cohen Conyers Crowley DeFazio DeGette DeSaulnier Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Ellison Eshoo Espaillat Fudge Gabbard Garrett Gohmert Gomez Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez Harris Huffman Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kildee Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lofgren Lowenthal Massie Matsui McClintock McGovern Meng Moore Nadler Neal Pallone Payne Pocan Polis Price (NC) Raskin Richmond Sa´nchez Schakowsky Schrader Serrano Sherman Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Tonko Tsongas Vargas Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—8 
Bilirakis Cleaver Cummings Jones Labrador Meeks Napolitano Scalise 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I was ab-sent during rollcall votes No. 356 through No. 378 due to my spouse’s health situation in California. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on the Conaway Amendment, ‘‘yea’’ on the Polis Amendment, ‘‘yea’’ on the Jayapal Amendment, ‘‘yea’’ on the Nadler Amendment, ‘‘yea’’ on the Blumenauer Amendment, ‘‘yea’’ on the Aguilar Amend-ment, ‘‘no’’ on the Rogers Amendment, ‘‘yea’’ on the Garamendi Amendment, ‘‘yea’’ on the Blumenauer Amendment No. 13, ‘‘no’’ on the McClintock Amendment, ‘‘yea’’ on the Garamendi Amendment, ‘‘no’’ on the Buck Amendment, ‘‘no’’ on the Perry Amendment, ‘‘no’’ on the Harztler Amendment, ‘‘no’’ on the Gosar Amendment, ‘‘no’’ on the Rooney Amendment, ‘‘no’’ on the Franks Amendment, ‘‘no’’ on the Lamborn Amendment, ‘‘no’’ on the Byrne Amendment, ‘‘no’’ on the Hunter Amendment, and ‘‘yea’’ on the McGovern Amendment. I would have also voted ‘‘yea’’ on the Motion to Recommit. I would have also voted ‘‘no’’ on final passage of H.R. 2810— National Defense Authorization Act of Fiscal Year 2018. 
f 
AUTHORIZING CLERK TO MAKE TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING CHANGES TO H.R. 2810, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that, in the en-grossment of H.R. 2810, the Clerk be au-thorized to correct section numbers, punctuation, and cross-references, and to make such other technical and con-forming changes as may be necessary to reflect the actions of the House in amending the bill, and that the in-struction in amendment No. 35 printed in House Report 115–217 be changed from page 125 to page 121, and that the instruction in amendment No. 1 print-ed in part B of House Report 115–212 be changed from page 569, line 12, to page 569, line 14. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida). Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to inquire of the majority leader the schedule for the week to come, and I yield to my friend, Majority Leader MCCARTHY from California. (Mr. M
CCARTHY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, the House will meet at noon for morning hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30. On Tuesday and Wednesday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business. On Thursday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be an-nounced by close of business today. In addition, the House will consider three bills that help modernize our en-ergy infrastructure and fully utilize America’s natural resources. First will be H.R. 2910, the Promoting Interagency Coordination for Review of Natural Gas Pipelines Act, sponsored by Representative B
ILLFLORES . This bill would ensure better coordination between FERC and other agencies in the permitting of new pipelines, while improving accountability by requiring more public disclosures. Next would be H.R. 2883, the Pro-moting Cross-Border Energy Infra-structure Act, sponsored by Represent-ative M
ARKWAYNE MULLIN . This impor-tant bill establishes a uniform and transparent process for constructing electric transmission facilities and cross-border pipelines. And third, H.R. 806, the Ozone Stand-ards Implementation Act, sponsored by Representative P
ETE OLSON , which streamlines the compliance process and ensures reasonable implementa-tion of the 2015 air quality standards. Lastly, Mr. Speaker, the House will consider H.R. 218, the King Cove Land Exchange Act, sponsored by Represent-ative D
ONYOUNG . This land exchange will provide the residents of King Cove a safe and reliable transportation route to necessary medical care. I look forward to passing these crit-ical bills in the House. Finally, Mr. Speaker, additional leg-islative items are possible in the House. Mr. Speaker, if I could take a mo-ment and wish Chairman T
HORNBERRY  a happy birthday tomorrow. I think passing his bill today was that birth-day gift from all. I will notify Members of any changes to our schedule. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the majority leader for that informa-tion. Mr. Speaker, I might say that that may be the most expensive birthday present anybody ever has gotten, when you mentioned Mr. T
HORNBERRY . The chairman has done very well, and I congratulate him on his work and on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.025 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5869 July 14, 2017 
his bipartisan working together with his committee members. The majority leader and I have talked about this briefly, but, obvi-ously, we now have on the schedule 2 weeks left to go to do our business. There is some discussion in the Senate, as the gentleman knows, about them meeting into August. Obviously, one of the problems with that is for, particularly, younger Mem-bers. A lot of Members here have chil-dren who go back to school the third week in August, so the first 2 weeks are not available to them. Can we give them some direction on whether or not we expect to be here past the scheduled adjournment date of July 31? Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding. As of now, I have no scheduled changes to what has been announced. I do want to notify the Members, though, when the Senate sends us a healthcare bill, if we are still in ses-sion, we will move to the healthcare bill. If we are out, back in our districts, I would give them a notified time ap-propriate to come back and begin our work. We would not wait until the re-cess is over. We would begin work. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his comments. Mem-bers ought to plan accordingly. Secondly, Mr. Speaker, the Appro-priations Committee is marking up its bills, but we have not yet adopted a budget and, therefore, have no House- approved top line for discretionary spending. Can the majority leader give us any view as to whether or not the Budget Committee may be reporting, before we leave for the August break, a budget establishing an upper line for discre-tionary spending? Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I have two good pieces of information I would take from there. The Budget Committee will be marking up in com-mittee next week. Appropriations, as you know, because you were a member of it, I have never seen appropriations work like they have this year, knowing that we have a new administration, knowing that you get the budget late, but they have every single bill, all 12, out of subcommittee already. As of the end of the day, they will have seven out of full committee, and at the end of next week, they will have all 12 done through subcommittee and full com-mittee. So I knew you would be excited. Those are concerns of yours. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the majority leader for his observation. I might say, if I can, the first year I was majority leader, which was in 2007, we passed all appropriations bills be-fore the August break to the Senate, but I am pleased that the Appropria-tions Committee is moving forward, and let’s hope that we can honor reg-ular order. Does the majority leader expect us to consider each of the bills that the gen-tleman refers to as having been passed through subcommittee, some through full committee? Do we expect to con-sider those discretely one at a time on the floor? Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, no decision has been made yet. Knowing that we are in a dif-ferent situation with a new administra-tion, there is an opportunity to do it differently but be able to make sure we take up all the bills. I will keep the gentleman notified of when decisions are made. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the majority leader. Mr. Speaker, in addition, one of the things, obviously, that I think both sides are concerned about, and Sec-retary Mnuchin has urged, and others have urged us to deal with, is the debt limit. We are not exactly sure when it will be necessary and when the admin-istration will run out of extraordinary measures to ensure that we pay our bills. I have told the majority leader pri-vately and I have said publicly to the press that assuming we have a clean debt limit extension, it would be my intention to urge my Members to sup-port such a clean debt limit extension. Does the gentleman have any thought as to when we might be con-sidering that? Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding and for the question. Mr. Speaker, I do agree with the gen-tleman on the premise that it is re-sponsible fiscal policy and it is impor-tant to our country’s ability to suc-ceed, that includes honoring the full faith and credit of the United States. The last information I was given, I believe this is public, is that the debt ceiling will not run out until October. There was conversation that that could have been earlier, but we will continue to work with you and Secretary Mnuchin to make sure we pass an ex-tension. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, lastly, I would say that obviously I know the gentleman and I, and I think the overwhelming majority of Members of the House on both sides of the aisle, are very concerned that we ensure that sanctions on Iran’s malevo-lent actions and Russia’s actions, in-cluding involving itself in an American election, is an item of concern. I know the gentleman is working on it. Can the gentleman tell me what he thinks the schedule for that bill might be? Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, as the gentleman knows, unfortunately, in the Senate, we had a constitutional challenge on a blue slip on the way they passed their bill. There is concern on this side that we want to make sure we move that bill in a very quick manner and do it correctly. I do believe that there is a bill that moved out of here that there is an ad-dition that should be added, North Korea. That came out of here 419–1, but I believe Iran, the work that Russia has done, and what North Korea has done, it would be a very strong state-ment for all of America to get that sanction bill completed and done and to the President’s desk as soon as pos-sible. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. I share that view that we want to get this done as soon as possible. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, JULY 14, 2017, TO MONDAY, JULY 17, 2017 Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, July 17, 2017, when it shall convene at noon for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative busi-ness. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. 
f 
ENSURING VETERAN ACCESS TO SNAP (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, this week the House de-bated the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act, which I believe is one of the most essential responsibilities of Con-gress, to fund our armed services. This House works to ensure our servicemen and -women have the resources they need to keep America safe. We must also make certain that our veterans, our military, have access to the resources they need to be success-ful in civilian life. This certainly in-cludes access to nutritional food. Out of the 22 million veterans in the United States, about 1.7 million are in households that currently participate in the Supplemental Nutrition Assist-ance Program, or SNAP. Approxi-mately 46 percent of our veterans are senior citizens, including those who served in World War II, Korea, and Vietnam. Veterans of all ages may also have widely varying levels of disabilities or limitations. SNAP cannot solve all of the challenges a veteran or a member of an Active-Duty military family faces, but it can help eligible veterans once they return home. As the Agriculture Committee pre-pares the next farm bill, we must re-main vigilant in our dedication to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.052 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5870 July 14, 2017 
serve those who have given so much in the defense of our Nation. 
f 
IN TRIBUTE TO KAYE FISSINGER (Mr. POLIS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in tribute to Kaye Fissinger, a late resident of Colorado, who passed away at the age of 73. I only got to know Kaye during her time in Colorado the last 11 years of her life. I got to meet her through her work in founding Our Health, Our Fu-ture, Our Longmont that initiated a successful fracking ban for the city of Longmont and dealt with the disposal of fracking waste products in the city of Longmont. While, unfortunately, that fracking ban was later overturned by the Su-preme Court, the legacy of her citizen activism should be inspiring for all of us. Her friend, Marisa Dirks, said: ‘‘She was a fierce warrior for democracy and for our environment. . . . ‘’ Our mutual friend, Bob Norris, said: ‘‘Kaye was dedicated to many aspects of having a better and safer environ-ment for all.’’ Kaye is somebody who, as a citizen, was able to pull people together and had more effect on keeping people safe than the politicians. Kaye truly helped give voice to the power of the people, and her legacy will live on with all those who were touched and protected by her actions. 
f 
BUCKS COUNTY, PENNSYLVANIA, WELCOMES THE VIETNAM TRAV-ELING MEMORIAL WALL (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, this weekend, Bucks County, Pennsyl-vania, welcomes the Vietnam Trav-eling Memorial Wall to Penndel Memo-rial Field. Fifty years ago, many brave women and men from Bucks and Montgomery Counties were among the tens of thou-sands who would give their lives in the Vietnam war. The traveling wall is a large-scale replica of the memorial here in Washington, D.C. It moves around the Nation, providing remem-brance and healing to local commu-nities like Bucks County, where 136 soldiers were killed or MIA during the Vietnam war. I am proud of the Penndel-Hulmeville Memorial Day Parade Committee, Ed Preston; Mike Fitzpatrick; Rich Rush; Vince and Lori Muscato; Mike Sodano; Tom Preston; Ray Mongillo; Walt Da-vidson; Vicki McLaughlin; Paul Shanahan; Paul and Alexandria Schnider; Dale Walton, Jr.; Carol Beauchamp; Greg Woodrow; and all the volunteers and veterans for their re-lentless effort to bring the Vietnam Traveling Memorial Wall to Bucks County. As we honor those who died in serv-ice of our Nation, we, too, thank all of those who have served, and we pause to thank and think of those who are de-fending our country today. f 
STRENGTHENING DOD’S RESPONSE TO PFOA AND PFOS WATER CON-TAMINATION (Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the House Armed Services Committee for working with me to strengthen the Defense Department’s response to PFOA and PFOS water contamination issues. These contaminants are plaguing communities due to the use of AFFF firefighting foams across our Nation, including in Horsham and Willow Grove, Pennsylvania, in my district. I have been fighting for Federal re-sources and responsibility since first learning of these issues. With my amendment, and the $30 million increases each for the Air Force and Navy to combat this issue that we fought so hard for, this bill is an important step in the right direc-tion toward addressing this issue any and every way we possibly can, but our fight continues. My bipartisan legislation, H.R. 3106, would require an enforceable nation-wide drinking water standard for PFCs, including PFOA and PFOS, rather than the current voluntary advisory. I will keep fighting to address this issue with the seriousness it merits. 
f 
b1200 BENEFITS OF NATIONAL DEFENSE FUNDING (Mr. TAYLOR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to voice my support for the National De-fense Authorization Act. The United States of America is the greatest force for freedom, peace, and prosperity. We are the greatest because we have built a military that has the best equipped, the best trained, and the best led fighting force the world has ever known. Mr. Speaker, we all have a moral re-sponsibility to every servicemember who puts their life on the line for America. That responsibility is to give them superior equipment, sound strat-egy that doesn’t put them in unneces-sary danger, and care for their families while they are away. This bill gives our troops a sorely-needed pay raise, and helps to rebuild our military, thus ful-filling our promise. In the words of George Washington: ‘‘To be prepared for war is the most ef-fectual means of preserving peace.’’ I am proud of this bill, and I am thankful for my amendment to be in-cluded in it, that expands veteran op-portunities to get credentialed. It al-lows servicemembers to use the skills they developed in the military to be more competitive in the workforce. It allows them to get credentialed for in- demand professions that are valued by our civilian employers. Mr. Speaker, I am proud of this bill, and I am thankful for all those who worked on it. f 
SENATE REPUBLICAN HEALTHCARE BILL SHOULD BE TOSSED IN THE TRASH (Ms. BARRAGA´N asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, the new version of the Senate Republican healthcare bill should be tossed in the trash. No amendment will fix the mas-sive damage it will cause to California and the entire country. Women, seniors, and low-income fam-ilies across the country are being threatened. TrumpCare threatens to shut down hospitals in my district, which would leave many of my con-stituents without access to critical healthcare services. People like Doreen from Los Angeles County, will be forced to fight for their lives. Doreen was in remission from ovarian cancer in 2010, when she suc-cessfully signed up to receive coverage through the Affordable Care Act, even though she had a preexisting condition. Now she is scared for her life as TrumpCare threatens to take away the healthcare she needs to stay cancer free. I stand up for ‘‘fighters,’’ ‘‘luchadoras’’ like Doreen—a woman, senior, and cancer survivor—who will be left helpless by TrumpCare. Again, the Senate Republican healthcare bill should be tossed in the trash. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SENATOR LUKE KENLEY (Mr. BANKS of Indiana asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to one of the most influential legislators in the his-tory of the Indiana General Assembly, Luke Kenley, who has recently an-nounced his decision to retire after 25 years of service representing District 20 in the Indiana State Senate. Senator Kenley was an invaluable re-source and mentor during my 6 years of service in the State Senate, and I am grateful that I had the opportunity to learn from him. Senator Kenley has established him-self as a champion of physical responsi-bility and limited government. His ac-complishments are too numerous to fully list here, but since 2009, he has led 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.053 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5871 July 14, 2017 
the Senate Appropriations Committee, during which time Indiana passed five balanced budgets, cut taxes, invested in priorities, and built a substantial rainy day fund. And Senator Kenley has been the architect of our State’s remarkable fiscal turnaround, and his impact on Hoosiers will be felt for gen-erations to come. With a national debt approaching $20 trillion, I think it is fair to say we could use a lot more of Luke Kenley’s style of leadership here in our Nation’s Capital. I wish him well as he prepares to step down on September 30, and I thank him for his remarkable service. 
f 
FIRST, DO NO HARM (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, those who support the GOP medical bill have forgotten one of the main and first principles of medical care: Do no harm. They said repeatedly that they would protect preexisting conditions. They said that they would protect accessible and affordable healthcare and pre-miums. But they must have been cross-ing their fingers when they said it be-cause nothing is further from the truth. Under their latest bill, premiums will soar, particularly for the elderly. Women would have to, once again, worry about preexisting conditions, such as pregnancy. The defunding of Planned Parenthood would hurt many women, particularly low-income women. And the cuts to Medicare in the bill would be devastating to millions of women, seniors, children, and the dis-abled. In addition, the diminished subsidies could mean that more people than the 22 million in the last bill who were re-moved from healthcare under the bill will lose their healthcare. Vote ‘‘no’’ on this disastrous bill. 
f 
CHINA ABUSES ITS OWN PEOPLE (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the United States is finally holding China accountable for its longstanding human trafficking abuses. In the State Department’s 2017 Traf-ficking in Persons Report, China was downgraded to the worst level: tier 3. This means that, in the past year, the Chinese have done little to nothing to end human trafficking, which is nothing more than modern-day slavery in this communist nation. China’s crimes include state-spon-sored forced labor, sex trafficking, and trafficking of children, men, and women from other countries. This puts China alongside some of the world’s worst offenders of human rights: Russia, Syria, and Iran. It illegally detains and tortures its own people, as well as U.S. citizens that are there. It also restricts the fun-damental human right to free speech and freedom of religion. China is allowing labor and sex traf-ficking to flourish in its borders. Now the entire world knows what has been taking place behind their great wall of brutality: abuse. And that is just the way it is. f 
WE CANNOT LET POLITICS GET IN THE WAY OF PATRIOTISM (Mr. DEUTCH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, we can-not allow politics to get in the way of patriotism in this House. We might disagree about healthcare, or we might disagree about tax reform, but I know that there are patriots in this House who want to stand together against Russian interference in our elections, patriots who will record their votes for country above party. The Senate passed Russia sanctions 98–2. This is not controversial policy. The controversy, Mr. Speaker, is the refusal to let us vote on it. If you call the vote, Russian sanctions would pass; they would pass with an overwhelming bipartisan majority of patriots, those of us who refuse to let anyone stand in the way of defending our Nation. When this Nation is under attack, we must come together, Mr. Speaker. Let us vote to condemn Russian cyber at-tacks, let us vote to insulate sanctions from political interference, and let us stand together as patriots to defend the United States. Mr. Speaker, bring the Russia sanc-tions bill, the one that passed the Sen-ate last week, the one that passed 98–2, bring it to a vote here, let us pass it, send it to the President’s desk, and see whether he will sign it. 
f 
CONGRATULATING SUSQUEHANNA VALLEY EMERGENCY MEDICAL SERVICES (Mr. SMUCKER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. SMUCKER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Susquehanna Valley Emergency Medical Services, a first responder organization in my dis-trict, for receiving the American Heart Association’s Gold Plus Award. Only 1 percent of organizations nationwide achieve this designation. The designation recognizes the great length that Susquehanna EMS has taken to improve the treatment of pa-tients suffering from severe heart at-tacks. Last year, Susquehanna EMS per-sonnel provided lifesaving treatment to 94 percent of patients within the crit-ical 90-minute time period prescribed by the American Heart Association. These remarkable individuals who serve have taken incredible pride in their work that has had real lifesaving results in our community. To the dedicated men and women of Susquehanna Valley EMS, I and your community thank you. f 
SANCTION THE KGB, MR. PUTIN, AND RUSSIA (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, we are not Republicans and we are not Democrats. We are Americans, and we draw together around the protecting of America’s security. With that in mind, you can imagine my shock as a member of the Judiciary Committee to find out that a KGB agent was in a meeting with Jared Kushner, who now has a security clear-ance, and Donald Trump, Jr., among others. I was shocked to find out that the lawyer who was present in that meet-ing had a $200 million lawsuit to stop being sued on the money laundering, and that that lawsuit was settled by the Trump Justice Department for $6 million—$200 million down to $6 mil-lion. To the American people, that means that the $200 million that was owed to this government turned out to be $6 million. That is why I will have a resolution to ask the President to step down. And, as well, to introduce a resolution—a constitutional resolution—to begin a constitutional investigation into whether or not we are protected here in this Nation. Our security is our greatest priority. I would also suggest that the sanc-tions bill that was voted on in the Sen-ate must be voted on in the House now. We cannot still continue to hide the ball. Sanction the KGB, sanction Mr. Putin, sanction Russia. They are, in fact, here to demolish the democracy of this Nation. 
f 
YAKIMA VALLEY’S BEST BEER EXPERIENCE AWARD (Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate a region in my dis-trict, the Yakima Valley, for being rec-ognized as the winner of the World Food Travel Association’s FoodTrekking Award for Best Beer Ex-perience. John Cooper, president and CEO of Yakima Valley Tourism, nominated the region for the award, and this is just one example of the efforts John and his group are making to promote the budding beer and hospitality indus-tries of the Yakima Valley. The FoodTrekking Awards recognize excellent food and beverage tourism experiences all over the world, and it is an honor for Yakima to be selected as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.055 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5872 July 14, 2017 
the winner for the Best Beer Experi-ence among the international appli-cants. Central Washington’s beer in-dustry is thriving and has greatly con-tributed to the increase in tourism as well as the overall economic develop-ment of the area. As a third-generation hops farmer from the Yakima Valley, I am proud that our fellow growers and our local craft brewers are receiving recognition for their efforts in making our region a unique travel destination. Please join me in congratulating John, his team, and the entire industry for helping bring such a prestigious award to Washington’s Fourth District. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF NEW YORK STATE TROOPER JOEL R. DAVIS (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of New York State Trooper Joel R. Davis. Trooper Davis was tragically killed in the line of duty on July 9, while re-sponding to a domestic disturbance call in the town of Theresa, in upstate New York. Another victim was also trag-ically killed in this terrible accident. Trooper Davis was a father, son, hus-band, and a friend to many. He was deeply involved in his community, and also served as the commissioner of a local youth league baseball team. Trooper Davis was well-respected by all those who worked with him and be-loved by everyone. As New Yorkers, we stand in soli-darity to mourn the life of Trooper Davis, a dedicated public servant and a life that was too soon lost. At this heartbreaking time, we offer our con-dolences to his family, community, and colleagues alike. It is at times like these that we come together and pause to extend our grati-tude in all law enforcement in our State and across the Nation who risk their lives every day to protect us and to keep us safe. We are grateful for their dedication, service, and bravery of outstanding members like Trooper Joel Davis, who will rest in peace. 
f 
THANKING JANET BOSLEY (Mr. BIGGS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and public service of Janet Bosley. Janet has been a case-worker in my district office and pre-viously served my predecessor, Con-gressman Matt Salmon. She is a wife, a mother, a grandmother, and I am very happy to call her my friend. Janet will soon be retiring. She faith-fully served the constituents of Arizo-na’s Fifth Congressional District for the past 5 years, and her steady pres-ence in the district has been invalu-able. My staff and I are going to miss Janet’s infectious smile and her witty stories. She is one of the most engag-ing people I have known, and my life has been blessed because of her friend-ship and example. I wish her the best of luck and happi-ness as she moves into this new chap-ter in her life. Thank you, Janet. May God bless you. f 
b1215 THE ROLE OF GOVERNMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Okla-homa (Mr. R
USSELL ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the ma-jority leader. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, there is a lot of discussion as we gather to talk about the role of government and al-most everything that we do day to day. I think most Americans, as they go to work and they look at how the govern-ment’s role is in their lives, they don’t really give the government a lot of thought. They want to be left alone. They are willing to pay some meas-ure of taxes to have things that we all agree on, like schools, roads, bridges, stoplights, national defense, other things. We like to see efficient govern-ment. We like to see it small. We like to see it without waste. If there are things that other services can provide without it being done by government, we like choices. We like privatization. We like the private sec-tor. But there are certain things, Mr. Speaker, that the government does have a role in. This was recognized by perhaps the finest American we ever produced, Abraham Lincoln, when he said: ‘‘The legitimate object of govern-ment is to do for the people what needs to be done, but which they can not, by individual effort, do at all, or do so well, for themselves.’’ Mr. Speaker, there are three sectors in which the government does have a role; and we as conservatives might want limited government, efficiency, and lack of waste, and our colleagues on the other side of the aisle would want similar things, but they might approach it a different way. We all, as Americans, have a moral obligation to protect the security of the United States of America. We have just seen that with the passage of the National Defense Authorization. But what I would like to address today is a breach in one of our pillars of national secu-rity with a proposal with our aero-space. The three areas that we must safe-guard and protect are our national de-fense, our national intelligence, and our national aerospace. We are considering now an AIRR Act, H.R. 2997, which would take the Fed-eral Aviation Administration’s reau-thorization, which we have to do, and it will pretty much remove Federal control of air traffic controllers and the control of our aerospace and put it into private industry. Many of us, in a bipartisan fashion, have grave concerns with this. I am one of them. If you look at H.R. 2997, what you will find is that the President has di-minished authority. In the 1980s, when air traffic controllers, through their unions, went on strike and they said, ‘‘We are not going to play; we are going to picket,’’ and it put the United States at risk, Ronald Reagan warned them by saying, ‘‘If you do that, you are fired.’’ They said, ‘‘Oh, he is not going to do that. How is he going to control the skies?’’ The President, acting on his con-stitutional responsibilities, fired them. He took control, as he should have, and air traffic controllers, by the thou-sands, were removed, and others were put in their place. H.R. 2997 would remove this type of authority that the President of the United States would have. If this bill were to become law, President Reagan would not have been able to do what he did in the 1980s. It also removes title 31 authority. What is that? Well, title 31 authority is how we, through the appropriations process and through the power of the purse, control and oversee government so that we, the people, and their duly- elected representatives are able to con-trol the aspects and agencies of govern-ment; because without this, without this power of the purse and without this powerful oversight tool, you might have bureaucracies become an entity unto themselves. So title I authority is vital that we have those hearings, controls, meas-ures, and prohibitions so that even if something is decided on, money is not authorized, and, therefore, it gets shut down. Title 31 authority in H.R. 2997 would be removed. There are also no other oversight provisions that would be put in its place. Why? Because what it is doing is it will take the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration’s air traffic control sys-tem and it will put it into the hands of a private company. Now, I am all about privatization in business and choices, and there are a lot of things. But going back to the Lincoln quote, there are certain collec-tive things that we cannot do as indi-viduals and that the government has a role. If waste, inability to procure, inabil-ity to modernize, or inefficiencies were a condemnation to privatize every-thing, then why don’t we just privatize national defense? They waste money. They have trouble procuring. They have trouble modernizing. Why don’t we just turn over national defense to the private sector? We would never do such a thing be-cause it would place all of us at risk. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.057 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5873 July 14, 2017 
Yet we are going to take the national aerospace control of the skies, and as it stacks up—and there is a lot that goes on up there, as I will illustrate—we are going to put that into the hands of a private company. This private company would have a board, but it will not have title I au-thority oversight, and under its cur-rent form, the President will have di-minished authority only in time of war to take control of the aerospace sys-tem. This is a bad idea. It also transfers all DOD intelligence agencies, the Department of Defense intelligence agencies, Homeland Secu-rity support to this private entity. Today, the FAA does a lot of things with their air traffic controllers. What do they do? At any given moment, and as many of you flew into Washington, D.C., to come and see your government at work, you flew on an airline. Some-times there are delays. You get it. There is weather. There are different things. Other times, you are sitting there and it is clear as a bell and you are wondering what is the holdup. Part of the reason, unknown to even the pilots on the tarmac, is that there are missions that our military per-forms. There are national intelligence missions that are being performed and surveillance missions that are being performed. There are homeland secu-rity and border security missions that are being performed. When they take priority, they also take priority for air traffic control and the clearances, and many times things will have to be rerouted to accommo-date it. The American public and even the pilots on the planes are none the wiser. Now, under H.R. 2997, the problem that you will have is that all of this authority will now be coordinated with a private entity. I will explain why this is a problem in a moment. As a conservative, I am all about pri-vatization where it makes sense, but when it comes to national security, as a combat infantryman, a veteran of three wars, someone who served my country in uniform for 21 years, we must protect this great Republic, and there is a role for the United States Government when it comes to our na-tional security. When we have strayed from this and tried to privatize certain sectors, our greatest embarrassments with national intelligence have been when we have contracted to private entities for that collection. Think Edward Snowden. Think leaks in government with classi-fied information getting out. Where is that occurring? It is occur-ring with subcontractors and private entities who we were assured when we passed these laws: Oh, they will be under the same agencies, under the same systems, and everything will be fine. Trust us. And then we in Congress have au-thorized that. And then what? We sit at our hearings and our committees with our bony fingers and our red faces, say-ing: Mr. Secretary or Mr. Agency Head, how did you let this happen? All we have to do is look in the mir-ror. When we take these controls away on things that we must have a govern-ment role in—defense, intelligence, and aerospace—we are creating the very construct that causes these problems. Our alliances were shaken. Our coun-try was embarrassed. Our intelligence was placed at risk. Operators in the field were exposed, some even harmed, because contractors let it get out of hand. Look at national defense. We see some of the same things. Some of the most embarrassing episodes that we have had have been with security con-tractors in national defense. We were told: Hey, you don’t have time for that; we don’t have the budget for that; we can do this more efficiently; you don’t need to do this. Yet some of the most black-eyed moments have been with contractors. Well, what about on the administra-tive side? That would make sense. I see my colleague, Representative T
EDLIEUhere. He and I have been very frustrated in seeing some of these types of decisions being made with con-tracting. The Office of Personnel Man-agement: Hey, let’s take this away from the Department of Defense, and let’s move all of these classified per-sonnel records, and we will have a clearinghouse, and we can contract that. Everything will be good. You don’t have to devote time and treasure to do this. Yet 25 million exposed records later of those that held security clearances— Mr. L
IEUand I both receiving a letter in the mail saying that we had been ex-posed because we held top secret clear-ances in the military. And yet when we made these decisions, we said this will be really good if we move this to con-tracting. It will be more efficient. It will save us money, and it will be just as good. Well, that was not the case. So now that takes us to national aerospace. What are we talking about here? Tens of thousands of aircraft in the air in flights every single day. And if it is so broken a system, when was the last time a major, fatal airline crash happened? Can’t remember? You would have to go back a ways, which I will cover in a moment. But let’s stick with these national security concerns. H.R. 2997 diminishes the power of the President, takes away title I authority, does not replace it with any other con-gressional controls. Sure, it has con-gressional review for fee changes or rulemaking, but nothing else. It transfers Department of Defense, Intelligence, Homeland Security, Bor-der Security, all of these things, and it places them under a coordination with a private entity. And they assure us, oh, it will be the same system we have now; everything is going to be just fine. But the problem is that a private en-tity, unlike today—did you know every air traffic controller in an air traffic control tower takes an oath of office to support and defend the Constitution of the United States? Most people didn’t even know that, to include those that crafted H.R. 2997. They take an oath of office. They have to be a United States citizen. Why? Because it is vital to our na-tional security. Now we want to change that because it is efficient, and it is a broken, ar-chaic system. Well, we are all about modernizing. That is common ground we can all agree on. We need to modernize. But we do not need to go the direction that H.R. 2997 has, this AIRR Act. My issues with the bill are purely on policy. There are excellent people that have worked this issue for a number of years. They have the right motives and the right reasons for approaching this issue. But when it comes to national security, we also have a constitutional and moral requirement to support and defend our great Republic, and here is where some of that is put at risk. Let me enumerate a few of them for you. Air traffic controllers and managers who work in air traffic control facili-ties across the country are routinely involved in operations that deal di-rectly with the national security of the United States. How so? Well, most Americans, to include Members of Con-gress, are not even aware of this facet of their work. For instance, prior to the beginning of Operation Enduring Freedom—this is a true story—an FAA supervisor placed a number of flight plans in front of an air traffic controller in Kansas City. Those flight plans were for B–2 Stealth bombers that were about to de-part from Whiteman Air Force Base, fly across the Atlantic and drop their bombs in Afghanistan, opening the rounds of our response to 9/11, and then they would come back to Whiteman Air Force Base in Missouri. b1230 Now, if you and I were sitting on the tarmac in the Kansas City airport and looking outside, we would say, ‘‘Wow, what is the holdup?’’ totally oblivious. Yet this is important work. And their mission was obviously classified at that time, but it was FAA U.S. Govern-ment air traffic controllers—not pri-vate contractors, not private company citizens—controllers and managers working these aircraft in U.S. airspace many hours prior to the start of the armed conflict. Every time Air Force One takes off from Joint Base Andrews outside Washington, D.C., carrying very impor-tant people, to include the President of the United States, it is an FAA U.S. Government air traffic controller clearing that aircraft for takeoff. Not just clearing it, then it is an FAA U.S. Government air traffic controller and manager who ensure the security of the airspace flown by the world’s most fa-mous symbol of freedom, the shiny 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.059 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5874 July 14, 2017 
blue and white Boeing 747 used by Air Force One and Two as a secure way to transport our President, our Vice President, other officials, as they are called and closely monitored by the FAA and other air traffic controllers and managers anytime Air Force One or Marine One aircraft are airborne. These are operations that go unseen. Many of them and the aspects of them are obviously classified and we could never go into here. But they are vital to our security. They should not be put in a private corporation’s hands where there is no oversight and no control. The FAA air traffic controllers and managers routinely provide airspace security, sometimes for hours on end, at locations across the country as the FBI or State and local law enforcement perform classified missions using gov-ernment aircraft. In some cases, not even other aircraft know about those missions or what it is that they are conducting, depending upon the sensi-tivity of what it is that they are doing or is being performed. U.S. air traffic controllers, govern-ment employees, and managers also participate in drug interdiction oper-ations with the Drug Enforcement Ad-ministration as well as Customs and Border Protection. This might involve providing intercept vectors due to drug aircraft, drug lords trying to sneak things in or whatever it might be, and that has to alter flight plans and do very complicated things. It might also involve protecting the airspace for drone operations. Many people are unaware that the FAA U.S. Government-Employed air traffic con-trollers and managers are also respon-sible for military flights, not just the kind that I described at our bases and airports, but this includes special-use airspace that maybe has been delegated to the United States in other coun-tries, or to do flight training, refueling, attack and bombing missions. And these same government-employed air traffic controllers and managers are re-sponsible for military aircraft on se-cret missions, to include drones and drone killers. They are responsible for the aircraft of military uses to communicate with our nuclear infrastructure so that if we have to, God forbid, defend the Repub-lic in that manner, they are right there in that loop of that system, not some private company. They are also responsible for the air-space above the areas where our mis-sile defense capacities occur and the testing systems that go on with that. You can see why handing these coordi-nations over to a private company might be a little problematic. And then let’s look at September 11, 2001. It was FAA U.S. Government air traffic controllers and managers who were responsible for putting over 4,000 aircraft on the ground almost imme-diately, in very short order, after America was attacked by terrorists using planes as weapons, killing 3,000 of our fellow citizens. But it was the ra-pidity of response because of the way the network is that they were able to make instant decisions, not having to coordinate through some private cor-poration, that they were able to do so. And I will speak more about that. The airspace above this very Capitol and above the White House, the Su-preme Court, and all the monuments that you have enjoyed as you have come to Washington, D.C., or as you work here, the symbols of our Repub-lic, are closely watched over by the FAA, and they are air traffic control-lers and managers who have sworn an oath, unlike people in private compa-nies. They don’t swear oaths. Employ-ees of private corporations do not take oaths, nor do they promise to defend against all enemies, foreign and domes-tic. Privatizing the U.S. air traffic con-trol system will not enhance our coun-try’s national security. Unfortunately, the national security role that FAA controllers and man-agers perform every day is not well known, even among Members here. But one could list a number of functions that our government performs where we do have a vested interest, the peo-ple, in saying we give this authority, we the people, to the government be-cause we can’t do this as individuals. The Federal Government does have a role. So is it about modernization or is it about privatization? We are all in agreement on modernization, but pri-vatization, I am afraid, Mr. Speaker, that a lot of us are like a pack of dogs lapping up antifreeze. It smells good, it might even taste good, but it is not without drastic consequence. Just this week, we narrowly missed having to vote on this bill in its cur-rent form next week. This is why I am bringing these points out, so that we do not make this grave mistake that will breach our national security. Well- meaning people, friends, colleagues, people with just as much passion as I may have, but yet we the people have to take a step back and protect our na-tional security. There are also, in H.R. 2997, no provi-sions to prohibit in this private cor-poration foreign nationals working in it. Today, if you are going to be an air traffic controller, you have to be a United States citizen. You have to take an oath of office. Under a private cor-poration or whom they subcontract with for air traffic control, this bill, were it to become law—and it cannot, we must prevent it—what would hap-pen is there are no prohibitions in that law against foreign nationals guiding your skies or taking an oath of office where they are as committed to our Republic, Mr. Speaker, as any of us with the oaths that we have to take. The national security concerns are paramount. Until we address them, we should not rush in. We want mod-ernization. I applaud the President of the United States for wanting to bring this issue to the light of the public. We need mod-ernization. We agree with that. In fact, just knowing that we have his support to move towards a modernized plan gives us great comfort because we need that backing from the Executive. But we have to address these na-tional security issues, and right now, this bill does not do that. Even if it did address all of these, there is still a question that remains: Has the govern-ment demonstrated that it cannot con-trol the skies and that the FAA’s air traffic control system and its control-lers are incapable of keeping us safe? I can see if it is something that is broken and we have to intervene as government and make sure it is more efficient and we have to do the right thing, but in this case, where is all of this brokenness that we are hearing about? Sure, archaic equipment—been there and done that serving in the mili-tary. As you heard Chairman T
HORN -
BERRY say today, half of the Air Force’s aircraft would qualify for an-tique license if they were civilian air-craft and registered in Virginia. As a soldier, I live by the motto, ‘‘I will fight with what I have, and I will win where I fight.’’ Whether it is with flintlocks, hatchets, modern rifles, or modern technology, poor is the work-man who blames his tools. And our FAA air traffic controllers do a mar-velous job with the systems they have. That is why almost a decade ago we worked towards the next-generation system to modernize, and it is on track with procured funding like NASA has because it is expensive stuff and it takes time. You don’t want that sub-ject to funding problems. The FAA, as a whole, has those fund-ing problems. You have a continuing resolution or a government shutdown like in 2013, wow, that creates ripples. But if it is about modernization of our control towers, it is on track for the pi-lots that we might have. And I know, Mr. Speaker, you have put yourself at the wheel of planes, and in this case there are a lot of things that we can see where the FAA does a marvelous job. It doesn’t mean that we have to privatize it. On 9/11, over 4,000 planes were grounded immediately and safely. What a lot of Americans don’t know, Mr. Speaker, is that the FAA’s na-tional operations manager who made that unprecedented gutsy call, he was a government employee, you know, one of those bloated government employees we have got to fire and move out. His name was Ben Sliney. And guess what? That was his first day on the job as the FAA’s national operations manager. Wow, what a first day. But he was good. He had taken an oath to the Republic. He made a gutsy call; 4,000 planes put on the ground, and it helped keep our Republic safer, be-cause it could have been worse. The FAA has clearly demonstrated through its air traffic control system that it can handle the job. When was the last time we can remember a fatal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.061 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5875 July 14, 2017 
accident with a major carrier? 2009, and that was a regional carrier. But also in 2009 there was something else that happened. On the 15th of Jan-uary, 1 month before the fatal accident in February in Buffalo, New York, with the regional carrier, which was the last time we had a major fatal accident, that was US Air Flight 1549, piloted by Captain Chesley Sullenberger and co-piloted by Jeff Skiles. So what we have seen and what we all know is that the heroism of those two pilots that day put the plane down in the Hudson, saving all onboard. And we saw air traffic controllers doing ev-erything with an emergency at one of the busiest airports, providing so many options. Well, Mr. Sullenberger, like so many of us, has grave concerns with H.R. 2997. This is not a man that has any government interest or privatization this or that or is up here lobbying or doing anything, yet he is somebody America trusts. You might be interested in some of his comments, and I am quoting Cap-tain Sully here. He says: ‘‘My real issue, and I think for many people, is that we have a won-derful and unique freedom in this coun-try, this unfettered, wonderful aviation system that anyone can participate in safely and efficiently. In most coun-tries, it’s either too restrictive or too expensive for an average person to fly, and the only way you can go is on an airliner or military flight,’’ meaning other nations. ‘‘It’s just prohibitively restrictive or expensive to do it any other way. That’s something that we need to protect and preserve, and so why in the world would we give the keys of the kingdom to the largest air-lines?’’—under this H.R. 2997 he is re-ferring to. ‘‘Because they definitely have their own agenda to lower their costs. Commercial aviation, airline aviation, has become an extraor-dinarily cost-competitive industry globally, and it becomes more so day by day.’’ ‘‘By removing oversight of the air traffic control system from the FAA and much of the oversight that Con-gress currently has,’’ Mr. Sullenberger goes on to state, ‘‘and giving it to a group of people, stakeholders basically controlled by the largest airlines, to control access to and pricing of access to the air traffic control system. That is an extreme solution to what’s really a political budget problem.’’ Captain Sully goes on to say, ‘‘It means bad things for everyone who flies, but especially for people who fly in non-airline ways,’’ meaning general aviation. b1245 ‘‘That is a big part of the system,’’ he says. To continue his quote: ‘‘I am wor-ried about access. I am worried about equitability. I am worried about safe-ty.’’ Okay, to pause in his quotations here, Captain Sully was the guy on safety. He would go around and this was his job in the airlines. No man was better when it came to safety stand-ards. And then he demonstrated it that day, that he knew what he was talking about. For him to make these kinds of com-ments, I think we need to take pause, and take a step back, and listen. To continue his quote: ‘‘There are other, better ways to solve this political budget problem—by giving the FAA, in running the air traffic control system and making capital improvements to the air traffic control system, more predictable multiyear funding—with-out giving away the keys to the king-dom to the largest airlines to control access and fees and pricing too.’’ Mr. Speaker, I agree with Captain Sully. I think he knows something about it. Modernization. That is an area we can all agree on. American aviation would suffer terribly without the benefit of the public structure of the air traffic control system, includ-ing its accountability to Congress, and the FAA. Establishing a private air traffic con-trol company, corporation, board, out-side the purview of Congress, with the unilateral power to collect fees without controls from the government, and dis-tribute service, would threaten our na-tional security—as I have spoken to al-ready—accessibility and affordability of flights, not maybe immediately in the transition, but, as you read H.R. 2997, it goes on to say that they can do a lot of things in a couple of years. Pilot generation. Look at general aviation in the examples that they use for comparisons. Many of the pro-ponents of this bill say: Look at Can-ada. Look at Europe. I love the Canadian people. I have traveled through most of Europe. I even lived in Germany as an exchange student. Yes, in Germany today, a pilot can go from 35,000 feet in Lufthansa or an airliner, and he can glide all the way down to Tempelhof Airport in Berlin. Why? Because he doesn’t have S
TEVE  R
USSELL , Mr. Speaker, out there in his Cessna 140 in the way. Guess what? In the United States, I have as much right to airspace as a U.S. citizen flying as that Lufthansa pilot, who is, by the way, just coming here to deliver pas-sengers, or any other airline pilot. That is the beauty of our system. What you won’t find in Germany is general aviation. You won’t find ac-cess. And as Captain Sully correctly stated, it is a wonderful thing. We have access to that. It is one of our hall-mark freedoms in the United States. Now, when he says that we will be handing over the keys to the kingdom, what he means is that it goes to this private corporation, this board, and then they will, for commercial inter-ests, set up—what does that board look like? Well, here it is, right out of the bill. It will have six of its board members who will be on the commercial side of aviation. Now, I have nothing against commercial aviation. American Air-lines, love them, they brought me home from three wars. I will always have those memories. Regional carriers probably brought many folks listening to this today. But they have commercial interests, as Captain Sully correctly stated. They will be concerned about those issues. That’s fine. They run businesses. They don’t have to protect our national se-curity. They fly. And so what we see with this board is six of them in the commercial side— commercial, regional jets. And then you have got one general aviation, and then one on the business side, which could support general aviation or not. But that clearly, as you lay out the board, two that will be appointed by the Secretary of Transportation—kind of his only say in a lot of this process— and then two that will be appointed by the board itself. So what you will have is a two-thirds lopsided board that will favor the com-mercial interests rather than aviation as a whole. This is why Captain Sullenberger, and so many others, have had grave concerns about what it does to our freedoms for flying. Now, much of my protest against this bill will have been because of the na-tional security pieces. We could lay all of this other stuff aside. We have to solve these national security pieces in the bill, and right now, they are not there. With modernization, we can get to some of that, but we have the safest airspace in the world. Where is this broken, archaic system that we hear people saying? Canada, love the Cana-dians. I have driven the Alcan twice. I have been through so much of the country, driven 1,200, 1,300 miles on a dirt road in Canada, a wonderful place. I have lectured in many of their cities in a former life. But Canada has the population of Texas, and if you were to look at the number of flights it handles each day, probably less flights than Texas. Yes, they have a modern system. We are having a modern system with NextGen. What we need to do is solve the acqui-sition pieces, the modernization pieces—not the privatization pieces. Why? We all know that much of North America’s security is secured by the United States of America. They don’t have to face the same things. That is why they can get away with such a small military. It is not an in-dictment. It is just the truth. The bill in question, H.R. 2997, strips oversight authority of our national air-space from the President, the Congress, and gives it to this unelected board of individuals, an action that would threaten the United States’ ability to maintain the integrity of our airspace, as I spoke to earlier, Mr. Speaker, on what goes on at altitudes and in mis-sions that most of us really have no clue. It puts at risk thousands of missions that our military conducts in just 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.062 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5876 July 14, 2017 
training and safety in our skies every day. It gives private contractors access to classified data. Let’s go back to what we were talk-ing about with Edward Snowden with the leaks that we are seeing out of the intelligence services these days. Where is that coming from? It is coming from the private contractors. It goes lateral. Do you think it is going to be any different because we here in Congress say: Oh, no, no, no? Hey, it is going to be great. This is going to be—rest as-sured, and I can already predict what is going to happen, Mr. Speaker. The dis-asters will strike. We will sit in Over-sight and Government Reform with bony fingers and red faces going: How did you let this happen? And all we have to do is look in the mirror, be-cause we are much like dogs lapping up antifreeze, to lick up something that smells good, tastes good, with drastic consequences. If we want to maintain the safest and best airspace in the world, we have to prevent the passage of H.R. 2997. Now, this is hard for me to do. Why? Because I don’t like opposing my own party. I don’t like opposing my friends. I have done some terrible things in my life as a soldier. I don’t like conflict anymore. I try to stay as far away from that as I can, and there are two veterans over here giving me thumbs up—combat veterans themselves. But I took an oath to support and de-fend the Constitution of the United States. I am not saying if you support this bill you are unconstitutional, or that you don’t love your country, or that you don’t want to protect the Re-public. I am not suggesting that at all. I have too many friends who have a counterview to mine. But it is my re-sponsibility to expose what is in this bill and why it is dangerous, and why we can’t do it. Mr. Speaker, we need to call on the American public and have them con-tact their Members of Congress and tell them to oppose H.R. 2997, to not let pri-vatization of our air traffic control sys-tem happen; to keep it into the role that, like Abraham Lincoln said, some-times things that we can’t do our-selves, we need to do collectively, and the government has a role in that. Mr. Lincoln obviously knew what he was talking about. Modernization, we can all agree on that. Let’s work on that. I applaud the President for bringing this issue to the fore. We need to deliver that win for him. But breaching national security of our airspace and risking our safety on an unproven system is not a win. Mr. Speaker, it is not something that we need to support. I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
DONALD TRUMP, JR.’S, EMAILS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Ari-zona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minor-ity leader. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, on July 11, Donald Trump, Jr., released a series of emails regarding his meeting with a Russian Government lawyer and an in-dividual associated with Russian intel-ligence. Don Trump, Jr.’s, emails are a smok-ing gun. They prove that the Trump campaign was not only aware of the Russian Government’s efforts to med-dle in our elections, they were enthusi-astic about accepting Russia’s support. What follows are the contents of those emails. They painted a dis-turbing picture of a campaign, and now an administration willing to break the law and sell out to an adversary of the United States in order to advance their own petty interests. Our hope is that the American people will carefully consider the content of these messages and what they say about the fitness of Donald Trump and his senior advisers to hold high office. We will begin. There was a comment posted by Donald Trump, Jr., on Twit-ter on July 11, 2017. ‘‘To everyone, in order to be totally transparent’’— which we now know he wasn’t even in this email—‘‘I am releasing the entire email chain of my emails with Rob Goldstone about the meeting on June 9, 2016. The first email on June 3, 2016 was from Rob, who was relating a re-quest from Emin, a person I knew from the 2013 Ms. Universe Pageant near Moscow. Emin and his father have a very highly respected company in Mos-cow. The information they suggested they had about Hillary Clinton I thought was Political Opposition Re-search. I first wanted to just have a phone call but when that didn’t work out, they said the woman would be in New York and asked if I would meet. I decided to take the meeting. The woman, as she has said publicly, was not a government official. And, as we have said, she had no information to provide and wanted to talk about adop-tion policy and the Magnitsky Act. To put this in context, this occurred be-fore the current Russian fever was in vogue. As Rob Goldstone said just today in the press, the entire meeting was ‘the most inane nonsense I ever heard. And I was actually agitated by it.’’’ End of email. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. GALLEGO. I yield to the gen-tleman from California. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I am going to be reading the email portions of Rob Goldstone to Donald Trump, Jr. On June 3, 2016, at 10:36 a.m., Rob Goldstone wrote to Don-ald Trump, Jr., the following: ‘‘Good morning. ‘‘Emin just called and asked me to contact you with something very inter-esting. ‘‘The Crown prosecutor of Russia met with his father Aras this morning and in their meeting offered to provide the Trump campaign with some official documents and information that would incriminate Hillary and her dealings with Russia and would be very useful to your father. ‘‘This is obviously very high level and sensitive information but is part of Russia and its government’s support for Mr. Trump—helped along by Aras and Emin. ‘‘What do you think is the best way to handle this information and would you be able to speak to Emin about it directly? ‘‘I can also send this info to your fa-ther via Rhona, but it is ultra sensitive so wanted to send to you first. ‘‘Best. ‘‘Rob Goldstone.’’ Mr. GALLEGO. On June 3, 2016, at 10:53 a.m., less than 20 minutes after that email, Donald Trump, Jr., wrote back: ‘‘Thanks, Rob, I appreciate that. I am on the road at the moment but per-haps I just speak to Emin first. Seems we have some time, and if it’s what you say, I love it especially later in the summer. Could we do a call first thing next week when I am back? ‘‘Best, Don.’’ Mr. Speaker, ‘‘I love it.’’ His response was: ‘‘I love it.’’ I worked in politics for a long time. I have never been ap-proached with information from a for-eign government. But if I were, my re-sponse would not be: ‘‘I love it.’’ My response would be: ‘‘This is com-pletely inappropriate.’’ My response would be: ‘‘Don’t ever contact me again.’’ My response would be: ‘‘I am calling the FBI.’’ In this email, Donald Trump, Jr., showed his true colors. This email proves that he lacks basic integrity. The willingness of Jared Kushner to at-tend that meeting proves that he, too, is no patriot. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, after we finish reading these emails into the CONGRESSIONAL  R
ECORD , we are going to discuss why it is a straight-up violation of the Fed-eral Election Campaign Act. On Monday, June 6, 2016, Rob Goldstone writes back to Donald Trump, Jr., in an email at 12:40 p.m., with a subject heading: ‘‘Russia—Clin-ton—private and confidential.’’ b1300 ‘‘Hi, Don. ‘‘Let me know when you are free to talk with Emin by phone about this Hillary info—you had mentioned early this week so wanted to try to schedule a time and day. ‘‘Best to you and family. ‘‘Rob Goldstone.’’ On June 6, 2016, at 3:03 p.m., Donald Trump, Jr., wrote back: ‘‘Rob, could we speak now? ‘‘D.’’ Then Rob Goldstone replies to Don-ald Trump, Jr., that same day at 3:37 p.m.: ‘‘Let me track him down in Moscow. ‘‘What number he could call?’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.063 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5877 July 14, 2017 
By the way, any email where some-one says tracking someone down in Moscow might just raise some red flags. Mr. GALLEGO. On June 6, 2016, at 3:38 p.m., Donald Trump, Jr., wrote back: ‘‘My cell’’—we have omitted that cell number. Unlike Donald Trump, we do not give out individual cell numbers. ‘‘Thanks. ‘‘D.’’ Mr. TED LIEU of California. Then Rob Goldstone replies: ‘‘Okay. He is on stage in Moscow but should be off with-in 20 minutes so I am sure can call. ‘‘Rob.’’ Mr. GALLEGO. On June 6, 2016, just a few minutes after receiving this email, Donald Trump, Jr., wrote back: ‘‘Rob, thanks for the help.’’ From Moscow thanks for the help, he should have said. Mr. TED LIEU of California. The next day, on June 7, 2016, at 4:20 p.m., Rob Goldstone writes: ‘‘Don. ‘‘Hope all is well. ‘‘Emin asked that I schedule a meet-ing with you and the Russian Govern-ment attorney who is flying over from Moscow for this Thursday. ‘‘I believe you are aware of the meet-ing—and so wondered if 3 p.m. or later on Thursday works for you? ‘‘I assume it would be at your office. ‘‘Best. ‘‘Rob Goldstone.’’ Mr. GALLEGO. On June 7, 2016, at 5:16 p.m., Donald Trump, Jr., writes: ‘‘How about 3 at our offices? Thanks, Rob, appreciate you helping set it up?’’ Mr. TED LIEU of California. Later that same day, on June 7, 2016, Rob Goldstone wrote back to Donald Trump, Jr.: ‘‘Perfect won’t sit in on the meeting, but will bring them at 3 p.m. and intro-duce you, et cetera? ‘‘I will send the names of the two people meeting with you for security when I have them later today. ‘‘Best. ‘‘Rob.’’ By the way, we now know today that one of those names just happens to be a Soviet counterintelligence officer. Mr. GALLEGO. On June 7, 2016, at 6:14 p.m., Donald Trump, Jr., writes: ‘‘Great. It will likely be Paul Manafort, campaign boss, my brother- in-law’’—Jared Kushner—‘‘and me, 725 Fifth Avenue, 25th floor’’ which is Trump Tower? Mr. TED LIEU of California. On June 8, the next day, at 10:34 a.m., Rob Goldstone writes back to Donald Trump, Jr.: ‘‘Good morning. ‘‘Would it be possible to move tomor-row meeting to 4 p.m. as the Russian attorney is in court until 3, I was just informed? ‘‘Best. ‘‘Rob.’’ Mr. GALLEGO. On June 8, 2016, at 11:15, Donald Trump, Jr., writes: ‘‘Yes, Rob, I could do that unless they wanted to do 3 today instead. Just let me know and I will lock it in either way.’’ That is some eagerness that this man has for this information. Mr. TED LIEU of California. On Wednesday, June 8, 2016, at 11:18 a.m., Rob Goldstone writes back: ‘‘They can’t do today as she hasn’t landed yet from Moscow, 4 p.m. is great tomorrow. ‘‘Best. ‘‘Rob.’’ Mr. GALLEGO. This email is from Donald Trump, Jr., sent Wednesday, June 8, 2016, at 12:03 p.m., to Jared Kushner and Paul Manafort. Subject, forward, Russia—Clinton—private and confidential. ‘‘Meeting got moved to 4 tomorrow at my offices. ‘‘Best. ‘‘Don.’’ Mr. TED LIEU of California. So that completes the email chain. Under Federal law, under the Federal Election Campaign Act, you cannot so-licit or accept any contribution from a foreign national or foreign country. The law defines a contribution not as just a monetary donation but anything of value, an in-kind donation, opposi-tion research, anything of value vio-lates the law. In this case, we absolutely have con-spiracy to violate the Federal Election Campaign Act. I am a former prosecutor. I know it is very easy to prove a charge of con-spiracy. You just have to have the per-son take one act in furtherance of the conspiracy. So in this case, when Don-ald Trump, Jr., replies back to the offer of this incriminating information, Hillary Clinton, and says, ‘‘I love it,’’ that is one act. He then proceeds to set up a meeting. That is another act. He then shows up at the meeting with Jared Kushner and Paul Manafort. That is a third act. That more than completes a crime conspiracy. We have in black and white right here a viola-tion of Federal law. Mr. GALLEGO. The other thing that we have to consider is this: right now, there is a person who is in the White House who has lied on their security clearance—a security clearance that we use to determine whether we shall trust somebody with this top secret in-formation for this country. Jared Kushner was in a meeting with a foreign agent. Now we know that he was in a meeting not just with a for-eign agent but a former—‘‘former’’ So-viet counterintelligence officer. Let me tell you something. There is no such thing as former counterintelligence of-ficers if you ever work with the Sovi-ets. Once you are in the KGB, you are always in the KGB. Why was that person in that room? It was not to talk about adoption. He cer-tainly wasn’t there to talk about any-thing else. But, if anything, he was there to pass information. The fact that Jared Kushner lied in his clear-ance, lied and omitted it until finally revealed today, really calls into ques-tion whether that man should be in the White House right now and trusted with this type of sensitive information. T
ED, you and I were in the military. We both had security clearances. If we had this type of omission in our secu-rity clearance, what would have been our punishments? Mr. TED LIEU of California. Our se-curity clearances would have been sus-pended immediately. An investigation would have been opened. I am glad you mentioned Jared Kushner because many of us are won-dering, why does he still have a secu-rity clearance? Why is he even in the White House? Let’s just sort of walk through a lit-tle bit of what happened with his secu-rity clearance. On the very first secu-rity clearance form, known as an SF–86 form, he lied on it. He did not disclose a single meeting with the Russians. If you read the form, it says: if you make a false statement or omit mate-rial facts, you can be imprisoned. He omitted all that information. He is then confronted, and what does he do? He revises it. So then he submits a second security clearance form. Now, it turns out he lied on that one, too, because he did not disclose this latest meeting that happened to be with a Russian counterintelligence of-ficer. So then he had to submit a third form. When you look at his expla-nation, according to media reports, he said that his staff hit the send button too soon. Well, both Representative G
ALLEGO  and I know that that is not how you submit the security clearance form. It is a pretty involved, elaborate process. You have to do this certification. Not only do you have to send it electroni-cally, then you have to sign the paper and submit that with your signature on it—very elaborate. So now he is lying about the process in which he lied on the three security clearance forms. We don’t know why he has a security clearance. We don’t know why he is even in the White House. Mr. GALLEGO. What is the motiva-tion for omitting this meeting? There are clearly emails, there are clearly pointed emails, saying: Why are you going to be attending this meeting? There is a subject line that says, Clinton emails. There is a subject line that has to do with a Russian agent, a crown prosecutor. Now we know there is a former Soviet counterintelligence agent who just happens to be there, and Jared Kushner omits it from his secu-rity clearance. That is not an accident. That is a criminal act, a criminal act that any other citizen in this country, any other soldier, sailor, marine, air-man, if we ever did that, we would be quickly prosecuted under the UCMJ. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Would the gen-tleman yield for a question? Mr. GALLEGO. No. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Would the other gentleman yield for a question? Mr. GALLEGO. I am controlling time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.066 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5878 July 14, 2017 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. So let me follow up what Representative G
ALLEGO said. We have a person in the White House now with a security clear-ance even though he has lied on at least two of those forms. So there actu-ally needs to be an investigation. That security clearance needs to be sus-pended immediately. But, also, for any intelligence official watching this or reading about this, how can you trust Jared Kushner when he lied on these security clearance forms and makes a mockery of the process? Keep in mind this is the same person who suggested setting up a secret back channel with the Russians at the Rus-sian Embassy. So the only reason you would want to use Russian equipment at the Russian Embassy is to hide in-formation from U.S. intelligence. So even if his security clearance is not suspended, I really hope that people working for him do not trust him. Mr. GALLEGO. If you start seeing and putting it all together, we now know that there is a clear narrative of Jared Kushner’s involvements with the Russians. First, he tries to set up a back chan-nel. Then he omits his conversations and meetings in a security clearance. He continues to lie even though he is continuously brought forth as being untruthful. Now we find ourselves in the situation where there is basically zero trust that this man in the White House with top secret clearance is not compromised. In conclusion, let me close with this. You just heard emails after emails. Imagine this conversation happening the opposite way. Imagine a conversa-tion happening with a Democrat or the Clintons saying, I have information, and the word Moscow is said probably four or five times altogether. Imagine the idea that you are meet-ing in private, and then imagine all the follow-up lies that happened. What would be occurring right now? What would be occurring is what we saw last year: consistent oversight. But there is none. There is no over-sight right now. P
AUL RYAN has not taken the helm and has not done any type of oversight. The House Repub-licans have abdicated their responsi-bility and have allowed Donald Trump and all those other members of his family and the administration who have been compromised to continue being a threat to our national security in the White House. This should not be the way. Partisan-ship should never be above patriotism. But what we are seeing right now is naked partisanship being exposed and pushed as far as possible in the hopes of protecting a faulty President, his ad-ministration, and his family. That is not American. That is not what any of us ever signed up for. We swore—whether it was in the Armed Services Committee, whether it was when we were in the armed services, or whether it is when we came here to Congress—to uphold the Constitution of the United States and protect it. Right now we can honestly say that that is not occurring. There is an abso-lute abdication happening right now of leadership from House Republicans. TED, please close. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Let me conclude by saying that the President said that most people would have taken this meeting. That is just not true. Again, under the Federal Election Campaign Act, if you solicit, or con-spire to solicit, or show up at a meet-ing where you expect to get opposition research from a foreign national, that is a violation of the Federal law. So, in fact, most people would not have taken this meeting unless they were crooked. We have an example here of what happened when the Al Gore campaign got information. They were sent anon-ymously briefing notes and things that then Bush was being briefed on and so on. They took that package, and they turned it over to the FBI. That is what should have happened in this case. In conclusion, this is a pretty big deal. We have people in the White House who believe they are above the law. The lesson in Watergate is that no one is above the law. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would remind Members to direct all remarks to the Chair and to for-mally yield and reclaim time when under recognition. 
f 
DOUBLE STANDARDS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OHR-
ABACHER ) for 30 minutes. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I am sorry that my two colleagues re-fused to yield any time when they are talking, especially when they are using phrases like naked partisanship. That is very interesting, isn’t it? We could have had a nice dialog here. I was ask-ing for a chance to go into a dialogue so the American people could under-stand what was being said rather than this incredible naked partisanship of people who disagree, but I won’t yield my time to have a dialogue about it. I am afraid that doesn’t cut it. This is yet another example of what we have seen of people using sinister-sounding descriptions in order to basically dis-tract us from some of the corruption and, I might add, questionable activi-ties of their own Presidential candidate in the last election who was defeated because the American people did not trust that candidate. By the way, I would like to have asked—I am sorry that my friends have left and wouldn’t yield any time for a question—whether or not they believe that Hillary Clinton’s activities in Russia while she was a government of-ficial, was she involved in money rais-ing from Russian oligarchs to the tune of millions—tens of millions—of dol-lars? Was her husband involved in raising this money while she was Secretary of State or while she was a candidate for President of the United States over in Russia, millions of dollars to the Clin-ton Foundation? I understand even hundreds of thousands of dollars were put in her husband’s pocket for a speech that he gave in Russia. b1315 These things need to be looked at. In-stead, what we are hearing about is sinister-sounding words about a meet-ing where someone said they had some information that would help, yes, the campaign, but the reason it would help the campaign is there was supposedly information that showed that Hillary Clinton was involved in some activity that was contrary to the interests of the United States or contrary to the law. Yes, if someone says to you that they want to give you information, there is nothing wrong with that. In fact, I would hope that my colleagues who just said what is happening on our side of the aisle is naked partisanship, I wonder if the Democratic Party and my other colleagues in this body are calling for Hillary to release all of her emails and to make sure that we have under oath an explanation of these transactions to the Clinton Founda-tion. Instead, we are hearing all sorts of sinister descriptions of a meeting that was going to give information. I will tell you right now, everybody in this body, if they think that there could be information that is important for our country to know from any for-eigner, we should talk to them and find out what it is. It is not illegal to re-ceive information from someone, espe-cially if you are engaged in an activity that is aimed at trying to secure un-derstanding for policies that you plan to implement as a leader in the United States as an elected leader. There abso-lutely is nothing wrong. By the way, I am the chairman of the Europe, Eurasia and Emerging Threats Subcommittee. Russia is in my juris-diction. Should I ever turn down a chance to talk to somebody who has in-formation for me, negative or positive, about Russia? No, I shouldn’t. And neither should the Trump campaign have ignored any community to receive more informa-tion about what was being done by Hil-lary, perhaps, and the raising of the millions of dollars for the foundation. So that was a legitimate thing to ask. Then you determine: Is the infor-mation accurate or is it not accurate? If it is not accurate, you don’t want to touch it. But many people were disturbed that there had been a release of emails dur-ing the campaign, and a lot of the ques-tions about this whole Russia issue is whether Russia or somebody else actu-ally hacked into the system and re-leased those emails. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.067 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5879 July 14, 2017 
I think what is important is only whether truth was revealed. If someone was talking about releasing negative and false information, the public should be upset about that. But they should not be upset if they are being given a chance to see more information that is accurate information on this issue. I would hope and trust that the American people are smart enough to see a diversionary tactic using sinister words over and over again to describe something that is perfectly legal. In some cases, as I say, talking to any-body to get more information to help you make your decisions is a good thing and not a bad thing. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ). Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate so much my very good friend from California, with whom I have traveled abroad and had some amazing meetings with representatives of coun-tries around the world. As I listened to our friends on the other side talk about this issue, it ap-pears very clear what they are saying is that every Member of the House who has ever met with someone from a for-eign country and asked questions, whether they believe what they were given or not, is guilty of a crime and should be damned to hell for all eter-nity. Basically, is that my friend’s impres-sion? Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, it seems to me that that is what is being said: because those people are so sin-ister, you don’t listen to them; or, the whole act is sinister, it may be legal. In reality, we are talking about one person meeting with another who may have information. We in Congress and anyone running for public office should be listening and seeing if there is infor-mation that is imparted that is impor-tant for our country to know. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate the fact that the gentleman from California and I have met with the then-leader of Iraq. Neither the gen-tleman from California nor I cared for the man. He was the Prime Minister of Iraq. He did a great deal of damage to Iraq. He, along with President Obama, dramatically weakened Iraq. I know my friend recalls our con-versation with Prime Minister Maliki. We were asking for answers to ques-tions that we considered very serious. For example, I was asking about his commitment to protect the refugees from Iran that he had pledged to pro-tect. My friend from California was asking about the Iraqi pledge to help pay us back for some of our costs in making Iraq free. Those two issues so infuriated Prime Minister Maliki that we got word later when we were on the C–130 that we were being banned from Iraq by the Prime Minister. But to hear our friends across the aisle talk, every time one of them and every time one of us on this side of the aisle have asked even people we con-sider to be despicable and have done terrible things and we wanted answers, we were committing a crime in de-manding those answers. I also know my friend from Cali-fornia got similar treatment from a man we believed was corrupt as the leader of Afghanistan at the time. I don’t find any crime or any harm in asking questions and getting answers, even from people for whom we have no respect. So I think it is a good thing. If anybody has got information, even if you don’t care for them, try to get the answers to those questions. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, well, we know now people are trying to frighten us and others not to meet with people and not to talk to people. I won-der why. As far as I am concerned, I don’t have just a blind trust in whatever our intel-ligence agencies give us. Let me note that many of the things that are being quoted aren’t even being quoted from our intelligence agencies during this whole national discussion on what Rus-sia’s interaction with us has been for the last couple of years. The fact is that these intelligence re-ports are filled with weasel words. A weasel word is making it sound like you are saying something, but you put a phrase in that actually doesn’t com-mit you to defending that particular position as being factual. With that said, I would hope that the American people pay close attention to the sinister words, but also the weasel words, and pay attention to the basic nonsense in telling us that: Oh, a hor-rible crime has been committed now, because someone in the Trump cam-paign—whoever it was; I don’t care if it was Donald Trump’s relatives or his son or whoever it was, anybody in the campaign whatsoever—wants to talk to anybody in the world to get informa-tion, I think that is a good thing. Whether or not at that point it has to be determined whether it is accurate information, to move forward with ac-curate information is wrong, but your job, too, is to verify what somebody is telling you before you let it influence your policymaking or the decisions that you are making at that moment. With that said, I would like to change the subject at this point, be-cause I had another issue that I really would like to talk about today. 
BITCOIN  
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Chairman, I am the chairman, as I mentioned, of the Subcommittee on Europe, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats. I am a senior member also of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. I am here, ba-sically, to discuss emerging technology that is unleashing a new economic dy-namic, but it could also be negatively impacting on our national security. I have long considered myself a pro-ponent of freedom. Instead of govern-ment controls, I have trusted free peo-ple and free markets with optimism that technology and innovation would deal with the perplexing challenges to our security and our prosperity. In recent years, one of the more ex-citing innovations helping reshape the way we live is the introduction of dig-ital currency here and globally. Thanks to this leap in technology, times are changing right before our eyes. Americans have new ways of fighting inflation and handling their personal business obligations. People with bitcoins living under despotic re-gimes throughout the world now have the opportunity to protect their assets from abusive and corrupt government. Indeed, the security of the blockchain technology will enable a new wave of societal advances that should invig-orate our markets and improve lives. However, with all that potential ben-efit of digital currency, there is also danger. It empowers the good people of the world, but it also can be used by those who have goals that are malevo-lent and evil. Radical Islamic terrorism is now a horrendous threat that hangs over all the free people in the world, in the United States, and elsewhere. Law en-forcement throughout the world is now aware that bitcoin is available for use for terrorists in accomplishing their gruesome missions. What makes it a good deal for terror-ists? It is anonymous. They can transfer funds using a digital currency platform without any of the usual safeguards that thwart terrorists and criminal ac-tivity. Anti-money laundering and know- your-customer standards have worked to deal with criminals in recent dec-ades, but now that approach can be technologically undermined by the use of the bitcoin instead of traditional currency. Since digital currencies such as the bitcoin offer a free ability to transfer funds, some of our neighbors, such as Sweden, Thailand, Vietnam, and India, have banned their use. Mr. Speaker, I do not believe that that is a necessary or practical re-sponse. Banning digital currencies will not prevent terrorists from using them any more than banning guns will pre-vent criminals from using them. Instead of banning all the digital cur-rencies because some lack standards, I believe we should encourage digital currencies to implement full anti- money laundering and know-your-cus-tomer standards. These protections should empower both our law enforcement and national security professionals to keep terrorist and criminal financing under control while preserving for the rest of us the freedom to use digital currencies. Thus, with the proper type of regu-latory look and seeing what options are available to us, we can prevent ter-rorists and criminals under control from financing their operations with bitcoins, but the rest of us will still be free to use these new digital currencies and enable America to keep the lead in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.069 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5880 July 14, 2017 
the world in this enthusiastic techno-logical advance. In light of my chairmanship of the Subcommittee on Europe, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats, and my experience in the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, I look forward to joining with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to encourage economic innova-tion brought by the bitcoins, but also to see to it that digital currencies will have strong standards that will thwart the exploration of this new economic function by terrorists and criminals and other evil forces in the world. b1330 So I look forward to working with my colleagues. I think this is a bipar-tisan issue. I won’t try to make it sound sinister at all, because this is something we can work on, and we must keep America always in the fore-front of technological development. We know with each step forward in technology, there is a potential harm that can be done, but we need to make sure that is taken into consideration, while at the same time that we do not thwart Americans from using the ulti-mate technologies of the day to secure prosperity and secure freedom and to secure our national security with these new technologies. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. T
AYLOR ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate very much my friend from Cali-fornia, D
ANA ROHRABACHER , making the point that he did. There is nothing either sinister, wrong, criminal, improper when some-one is engaged in an election or when someone is not engaged in an election, if offered information that may be helpful, whatever the source. Unless it is a known criminal that is going to advise someone about some potential crime, there is normally nothing wrong with seeking or even getting that in-formation. I doubt there is anybody on this House floor, when offered information from a source about an opponent in a campaign, didn’t at least take some ac-tion to see if there was anything legiti-mate to it. So it is just amazing, when we know that there is certainly probable cause to believe crimes have been committed during the Obama administration, yet we got nothing in the way of support in investigating the probable cause of real legitimate crimes; not those for which there is no known criminal statute that would be applicable or that may have been violated, but simply, you know, there may be times when it is bad taste. But the villainization of Donald Trump, Jr., for inquiring of someone that Loretta Lynch, as Attorney Gen-eral for President Obama, specifically and personally stepped in to ensure could be in this country, it is just in-credible how much is being made of Donald Trump, Jr., meeting with some-body that Attorney General Lynch pulled all kinds of strings to get her in and keep her in the country. And then when you see that picture of this same person sitting right behind the Obama Ambassador to Russia, Am-bassador McFaul, and you know at these hearings, especially an appointed and confirmed official like an ambas-sador, they don’t want somebody di-rectly behind them who is not sup-portive and not capable of reaching up and handing them a note with informa-tion that may be helpful and them an-swering a question. We have had countless hearings, and I have seen it done countless times. You want somebody behind you that can help provide answers to questions that you may not can answer without their help. So there she is, this person that these same friends who pulled all kinds of strings to get her in this country. They are all upset that she ever talked to Donald Trump, Jr., and he has—I ad-mire the fact that he immediately saw that this was a worthless meeting and walked away from it. So pretty amaz-ing. It was good judgment to walk away from it, once he found out what she was about. I wish that President Obama, Loretta Lynch, and Hillary Clinton had as good a judgment in their meetings with peo-ple instead of telling our enemy—and I do consider the man with whom Presi-dent Obama was meeting an enemy. He was not a friend of the United States. And what does President Obama do when he doesn’t think the microphone can pick him up? He says: Tell Vladimir Putin—Presi-dent Obama’s close buddy—tell Vladi-mir, my buddy, that I have a lot more flexibility once I am past this election. ‘‘Okay. Yeah. I will pass that on. Dah, dah, I will pass that on.’’ Clear intent; there is no mistaking. The intent is: I will be able to give away more of America’s defenses the way I canceled our missile defense sys-tem in Poland once I am reelected be-cause then I don’t care. I won’t be run-ning. I can’t be defeated in another election. So I will be able to give away a lot more of America’s defenses. And what did our friends—who are now so upset about Donald Trump meeting with a Russian lawyer, finding out she was not worth meeting with and leaving—do back then? Nothing. They defended President Trump’s actions either vocally or by their silence while we were raising questions. I can’t end this week without ex-pressing my grave disappointment with Congress over a specific detail of the National Defense Authorization Act. There are a number of things in there that bother me that I think are big mistakes and that I don’t think we should be doing. I think we are wasting money, but compromises have to be made. We are making a form of sausage called ‘‘laws,’’ so we have got to com-promise on some things. But there are some things that are so important that there cannot be a com-promise. It is too important. It will re-sult in lives being saved or lives being lost, depending on what we do here in Congress. So our friend, Congresswoman VICKY H
ARTZLER , realized before I did that the law, as would be in the National Defense Authorization Act, with all the compromises that had to be made under the great leadership—and I am not being sarcastic—of Congressman M
ACTHORNBERRY —did a masterful job handling all the problems that arose— but the law of the NDAA was and will be, under this new law, such that Presi-dent Obama and his administration would say, the way it is worded, the way it is, authorizes us to decide that an appropriate use of this very limited more and more precious money for our military to defend us can and should be used whenever someone requests a sex change operation. The reports are that, with the hor-monal treatment, it can be around $130,000 or so per person. Military com-manders advise that they have been told: If you have a military member under your command that asks for a sex change operation and you say something like ‘‘have you really thought this through?’’ or they say something like ‘‘why don’t you talk to a counselor?’’ or ‘‘let’s talk about this’’ or ‘‘you give it some more thought,’’ those are career-ending statements that that commander would have made; that if someone requests a sex change operation, you don’t ask ques-tions, you don’t refer them to coun-seling, you don’t suggest that they give it more thought. You just sign them up. Now, the problem there, too, is that apparently they are advised that they have about 2 years minimum that this servicemember will be out of commis-sion, cannot be deployed, you can’t be sending them anywhere because you have months of hormonal treatment leading up to the sex change surgery. And then even if there are no complica-tions, the followup and the rehab is quite significant. So you better count on at least a couple of years minimum where that servicemember, that mili-tary member cannot be sent anywhere, cannot be ordered deployed. They are useless in defense of our country as far as filling the immediate needs of the military, and that is astounding. Now, potentially, some might submit that we have come to find out about maybe the greatest political lobbying by any group of our medical practi-tioners. And those who compile the di-agnostic statistic manual, referred to as DSM—we have had I, II, III, IV, V— each time, they have been subjected to political lobbying because they didn’t 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.070 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5881 July 14, 2017 
want people who were thinking about a sex change operation—and even though their chromosomes would not change— still indicating they are male or fe-male, they wanted to have surgery to change. That was considered to be a very serious illness, psychiatric illness. But with a lot of lobbying, it eventu-ally got downgraded, and the most re-cent downgrading in the DSM is to something called a ‘‘dysphoria.’’ It went from ‘‘disorder’’ to ‘‘dysphoria.’’ But dysphoria, if you look it up, it still is—well, one psychiatrist just said it means confusion, basically. If you have got transgender dysphoria, you are confused. It is the opposite of eu-phoria. You are not well, you are not happy, you have got behavioral prob-lems because you are not happy with your gender. Well, for most of our country’s his-tory, we understood that, in our mili-tary, it is not to be a societal experi-ment. We want people who can fight, hopefully not to their death, but to the enemy’s death to stop those who would kill us or take our freedom. And it is heartbreaking that—when the amendment came to the floor last night for a vote to prevent any of that precious money that is going to save the lives of our military members, the amendment lost by five votes, 214–209. In other words, if three people had changed their vote, that amendment passes, and no money could be used out of that precious money they need for bulletproof vests, they need for up-ar-mored vehicles to save their lives when an IED hits them, all of these things that are so important to our military. b1345 We are told to account for $3.5 to $3.9 billion over 10 years they are pro-jecting to be spent, but that, of course, means that is before word gets out that if you want a sex change operation, if you can get through basic training—I am not sure about that, you may not have to get through basic—but if you can join the military and demand a sex change operation, then you are not deployable. They can’t send you to combat for at least 2 years. We will pay you as a military mem-ber. We will provide you, free, the hor-monal treatments. We will take that money that could save another mem-ber’s life and we will spend that on this expensive surgery to change your or-gans, maybe cut them off or add some, and then we will spend more of that money that could save other military members’ lives and spend it on your follow-up and your rehab, all while you can’t help them because you are going through this transition. This is a difficult time, and it breaks my heart. And it is not a civilization- ending thing that happened last night, but when the book one day is written about the rise and fall of what so far has been the most free and greatest na-tion in the history of mankind, this would be something listed as a symp-tom of why this country lost the next great war, because they were more con-cerned about playing societal experi-ments than they were with defending their lives and their freedom. I see my friend, as good a friend as I have here in Washington. I yield to my friend, S
TEVE KING. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding. And I have no better friend in this city either—or this country, for that matter. Mr. Speaker, I am just called to come to this floor to add a few words to the topic that the gentleman from Texas has courageously brought forward and so few others would want to even speak to: the societal experiment that is going on in our military, the greatest military in the history of the world. When the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) talks about how history will be written one day, this isn’t a civiliza-tion killer, but it is an indication of a civilization killer. I think of the cir-cumstances in a little bit older history, back in the 16th century and the 17th century when the Ottoman Empire and the Muslim armies were sweeping across the countryside, and whoever they captured, they pressed into slav-ery. And when they pressed them into slavery, they wanted to have their crack troops—they were called Janissaries, and there were other troops too, as well. But what they did in order to keep them from reproducing was that they did reassignment sur-gery on those slaves that they cap-tured, that they had put into their Janissary troops, and that reassign-ment surgery was they took them from being a virile, reproductive male into being a eunuch. Now, they were suitable to work in the harem, but they found out when they put them out in the field to do battle against the enemy that they didn’t have the testosterone to take on the fight. And so over a period of time, a generation or two, they finally real-ized: I guess we are going to have to stop turning these men into eunuchs if we are going to have them as a fighting machine. That is the Janissaries. And the old history through that is replete with narrative after narrative of them taking out the knife and actu-ally cutting the flesh off of these ana-tomically complete men. Some would die from that and some would live, but none of them had the will to fight. And so they decided that they were going to keep anatomically complete men, men that were producing testosterone, in their crack Janissary troops, where they fought well. That is a lesson of the military, the Ottoman military from 200, 300, 400 years ago. And today we are here thinking somehow we are going to make the military better by letting people line up at the recruitment cen-ter who have planned that they want to do sexual reassignment surgery, know that it is expensive, and believe: I can just get into any branch of the United States services—the Army, the Navy, the Air Force, the Marines, maybe be-come a Navy SEAL—and then submit to sexual reassignment surgery and go from a man to a woman. By the way, it doesn’t look like there are going to be any women becoming men after they go through SEAL train-ing. I don’t think that is going to hap-pen, at least currently. But there is no way that this en-hances the capabilities of our military. There is no way it enhances the morale of our military, and you will never see a platoon that is made up by all of the folks that are likely to line up to sign up into our military. This policy clearly enacted, clearly advertised, is a neon sign for people who want to have sexual reassignment surgery. They will line up at their re-cruiter’s office and they will go into the military, and the military will be saying: You know, we had to turn this person away because they were too heavy, and this one had flat feet, and this one had a bad eye, and this one had a congenital defect of one kind or another, but if they don’t have those and they want sexual reassignment surgery, we will cut them up and re-make them into something different, to the tune of $3.5 or $3.9 billion over a 10-year period of time, and put them off in the recovery room for 2 years before we can put them to work and use them. And, by the way, they are likely then to be discharged to come back into so-ciety if their only purpose was to get the free surgery. And can you imagine someone who has now gone into Walter Reed Hos-pital, taken up a bed in Walter Reed Hospital, maybe a roommate with someone who was hit by an IED, some-one who lost a couple of legs, ampu-tated in the dangerous, dangerous serv-ice of the freedoms of our country, can you imagine those two beds, side by side, and one of them missing a couple of legs, or an arm, or an arm and a leg, or two arms, and the other one saying, ‘‘Well, I just came in for sexual reas-signment surgery’’? I won’t say the next thing that is in my mind. I think the public under-stands the image of what this is. This is one of the most appallingly stupid things I have ever seen the United States Congress do, and it has got some competition, but I don’t even know what is second, it is so bad. And the long-term thinking of this, the im-plications of this are awful, Mr. Speak-er. We need to reverse this somehow. I would add, also, that Bob Gates, the former Secretary of Defense, testified before the United States Congress that we had an obesity problem with our young people in America that is a na-tional security risk, it is a national se-curity concern, and we ought to be adopting Michelle Obama’s Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act that cut the cal-ories down on these kids, because we didn’t have enough of them that were available to meet the physical stand-ards to get into the military, and it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.072 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5882 July 14, 2017 
was a national security risk. Those were his exact words, ‘‘a national secu-rity risk.’’ Well, if we can put the kids on a diet in school because it is a national secu-rity risk for getting people to meet the weight standards of our military, isn’t this a national security risk when you have all of these resources that are re-directed from F–35s and pension plans and a raise for our military and hous-ing on our bases, and the list goes on and on, redirect those resources to sex-ual reassignment surgery and then have them mustered out of the service as soon as they get what they went into the service for in the first place? This is idiocy on the part of the United States Congress. I salute the gentlewoman from Mis-souri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ) for introducing this amendment. I had a similar amendment that was turned down in the Rules Committee. But this is some-thing this Congress made a significant error on. Twenty-four Republicans and every single Democrat voted against this. I thank the gentleman from Texas for bringing up the topic, and I would be happy to yield back to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ). Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for his comments. In fact, some people sometimes think that we exaggerate, but my very good friend from Iowa and I have stood there on the mountaintop outside of Vienna where Western civilization stood there in the gap, and it was all at risk. The odds were that Western civilization was going to end with the fall of Vi-enna. If the radical Islamic group that had taken so much of the territory al-ready, if Vienna fell, then the rest of Europe would fall. There would be no stopping this radical Islamic move-ment through Europe, and there is a good chance we are not even here in this fashion today. I thought about that and my friend and I standing up there getting a brief-ing from an individual that knew the history so well, that this is where one group was, this is where the siege was, that is where the Polish group brought cannons, and no one in the Islamic group thought it was possible to get cannons up there. I thought about that and reflected on that as President Trump was speaking in Warsaw, Poland, and it was clear how desirous the Polish people have al-ways been for freedom: Yes, you can practice what religion you want to, but don’t come try to take over our coun-try and tell us we can’t pursue Christi-anity. I did not realize until President Trump gave that speech that there in Warsaw, when Pope John Paul II, came, that they were screaming ‘‘We want God’’ as a group—amazing. So as I recall, though, it was a Polish prince or king that came down, King Jan Sobieski who came to the aid of the Viennese people. They were under siege. They were going to be defeated. It meant the fall of Western civiliza-tion; perhaps we headed into a new Dark Ages. And this Polish king comes down, determined, gets cannon up on this mountaintop that no one who was in the 2 years of seeking a sex change operation and sex reassignment, as they call it, could possibly help do dur-ing that 2-year period. They got can-nons up the mountain in position to help stop the obliteration there of the Western-civilized Vienna, to stop the fall of that radical Islamic empire from taking over and destroying Western civilization, making slaves of all of those whom they overtook. And some, of course, in their party believed that if an individual refused to become a Muslim, they should be killed. Others believed in the more hu-mane treatment that, no, you make them slaves, and as long as they keep paying their tax, which is really an ad-mittance that there is no God greater than the Islamic God, as long as they are willing to subjugate themselves and worship at the altar by paying that fee to show that they were subservient to the Islamic God, then they could be allowed to live. Those were two problems back in that day: Do we let the people live if they won’t become Muslim, or do we just go ahead and kill them? And many humane thinkers thought: Well, no. As long as they will submit to our god, pay the tax to show they are submit-ting to our god; and Christianity’s God, they have got to forget talking about that or they do need to be killed. Just pay the tax and they can go about still living. If Vienna doesn’t stand, if it falls, as was anticipated, we are done. And I can assure my friends here in the House that there was no one who was out there defeating the radical Is-lamic desire to wipe out Western civili-zation who had undergone a sex change operation in the prior 2 years. This is a risky time in our history. As others have pointed out, no matter what societal experimentations people want to undertake, what type of life-styles people want to undertake, the military is intended to protect our freedom so that we can pursue these things. And I know President Obama was fond of saying: Gee, Guantanamo is a greater recruiting tool. But as I have talked to Muslim friends—yes, I do have them around the world. As I have talked to Muslim friends in other parts of the world, whether Afghanistan, Egypt, other parts of the Middle East, North Africa, they say: You have got to understand, some of the things you do in the United States make for incred-ible recruiting posters for radicals in our Muslim faith. When it is advertised that the United States Congress is in favor of taking men and surgically making them into women with the money that they would use to protect the Nation other-wise, or taking women and doing sur-gery to make them men, the United States Congress would rather spend that money on that surgery than de-feating radical Islam, then it is an ad-vertising, just a bonanza for the radical Islamists. My Muslim friends tell me, they then agree, the recruits: You are right. If that is how stupid they are, their soci-ety has no right to remain on the Earth. We need to take them out. They are too stupid. A disappointing night last night and a disappointing week. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. J
ONES (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of a medical appointment. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 2 o’clock and 1 minute p.m.), under its previous order, the House ad-journed until Monday, July 17, 2017, at noon for morning-hour debate. 
f 
OATH FOR ACCESS TO CLASSIFIED INFORMATION Under clause 13 of rule XXIII, the fol-lowing Member executed the oath for access to classified information: J
IMMY GOMEZ  
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1967. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter au-thorizing three officers to wear the insignia of the grade of major general, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 777(b)(3)(B); Public Law 104-106, Sec. 503(a)(1) (as added by Public Law 108-136, Sec. 509(a)(3)); (117 Stat. 1458); ; to the Committee on Armed Services. 1968. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter au-thorizing two officers to wear the insignia of the grade of major general, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 777(b)(3)(B); Public Law 104-106, Sec. 503(a)(1) (as added by Public Law 108-136, Sec. 509(a)(3)); (117 Stat. 1458); ; to the Committee on Armed Services. 1969. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter au-thorizing Captain William S. Dillon, United States Navy, to wear the insignia of the grade of rear admiral (lower half), pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 777(b)(3)(B); Public Law 104-106, Sec. 503(a)(1) (as added by Public Law 108-136, Sec. 509(a)(3)); (117 Stat. 1458); to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 1970. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Lake Michigan, Whiting, Indiana [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0195] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received July 13, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.074 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5883 July 14, 2017 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 1971. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Listing of Color Additives Exempt from Certification; Spirulina Extract [Docket No.: FDA-2016-C- 2570] received July 12, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 1972. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Major final rule — Revision of Fee Sched-ules; Fee Recovery for Fiscal Year 2017 [NRC-2016-0081] (RIN: 3150-AJ73) received July 13, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1973. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Revisions to the Export Admin-istration Regulations Based on the 2016 Mis-sile Technology Control Regime Plenary Agreements [Docket No.: 170202139-7139-01] (RIN: 0694-AH33) received July 12, 2017, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 1974. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 17-25, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 1975. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 22-97, ‘‘Fiscal Year 2017 Revised Local Budget Temporary Adjustment Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 1976. A letter from the Director, Office of Human Resources, Environmental Protec-tion Agency, transmitting twenty-three (23) notifications of a federal vacancy, designa-tion of acting officer, nomination, action on nomination, and discontinuation of service in acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 1977. A letter from the Chief, Branch of Re-covery and State Grants, U.S. Fish and Wild-life Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Establishment of a Nonessential Ex-perimental Population of the Oregon Silverspot Butterfly in Northwestern Oregon [Docket No.: FWS-R1-ES-2016-0102; FXES11130900000 178 FF09E42000] (RIN: 1018- BB74) received July 13, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 1978. A letter from the Chief, Branch of Re-covery and State Grants, U.S. Fish and Wild-life Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Removal of the Hualapai Mexican Vole From the Federal List of Endangered and Threatened Wildlife [Docket No.: FWS- R2-ES-2015-0028; FXES11130900000-178- FF09E42000] (RIN: 1018-AX99) received July 13, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 1979. A letter from the Chief, Branch of Re-covery and State Grants, Ecological Services Program, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, De-partment of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Reinstate-ment of Removal of Federal Protections for Gray Wolves in Wyoming [Docket No.: FWS- R6-ES-2017-0025; FXES11130900000 167 FF09E42000] (RIN: 1018-BC04) received July 13, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 1980. A letter from the Acting Chief, Branch of Recovery and State Grants, Eco-logical Services Program, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Reinstatement of Removal of Fed-eral Protections for Gray Wolves in Wyo-ming [Docket No.: FWS-R6-ES-2017-0025; FXES11130900000 167 FF09E42000] (RIN 1018- BC04) received July 12, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 1981. A letter from the Wildlife Biologist, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Major final rule — Migratory Bird Hunting; Final Frameworks for Migratory Bird Hunting Regulations [Docket No.: FWS- HQ-MB-2016-0051; FF09M21200-178- FXMB1231099BPP0] (RIN: 1018-BB40) received July 12, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 1982. A letter from the Secretary, Federal Trade Commission, transmitting the Com-mission’s final rule — Premerger Notifica-tion; Reporting and Waiting Period Require-ments received July 12, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 1983. A letter from the President, National Council on Radiation Protection and Meas-urements, transmitting the 2016 Annual Re-port of an independent audit of the Council, pursuant to 36 U.S.C. 10101(b)(1) and 150909; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 1984. A letter from the Chief, Regulatory Coordination Division, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, Department of Home-land Security, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — International Entre-preneur Rule: Delay of Effective Date [CIS No.: 2572-15; DHS Docket No.: USCIS-2015- 0006] (RIN: 1615-AC04) received July 12, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 1985. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zones; Marine Events held in the Captain of the Port Long Island Sound Zone [Docket No.: USCG-2017- 0440] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received July 13, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 1986. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zones; Marine Events held in the Captain of the Port Long Island Sound Zone [Docket No.: USCG-2017- 0243] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received July 13, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 1987. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Oswego Harborfest 2017 Breakwall and Barge Fire-works Display; Oswego Harbor, Oswego, NY [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0359] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received July 13, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1988. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Port Huron Blue Water Fest Fireworks, St. Clair River, Port Huron, MI [Docket No.: USCG- 2017-0500] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received July 13, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 1989. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Office of Regulations and Administrative Law, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the De-partment’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; St. Ignace Fireworks Displays, St. Ignace, MI [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0472] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received July 13, 2017, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1990. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Bay Vil-lage Independence Day Celebration Fire-works Display; Lake Erie, Bay Village, OH [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0568] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received July 13, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1991. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Office of Regulations and Administrative Law, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the De-partment’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Cleveland Triathlon Swim Event; Lake Erie, Cleveland, OH [Docket No.: USCG-2017- 0580] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received July 13, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 1992. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Office of Regulations and Administrative Law, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the De-partment’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Thunder on the Outer Harbor; Buffalo Outer Harbor, Buffalo, NY [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0331] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received July 13, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 1993. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Lake-wood Independence Day Fireworks Display; Lake Erie, Lakewood, OH [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0533] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received July 13, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 1994. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Special Local Regulations; Safe-ty Zones; Recurring Marine Events in Sector Columbia River [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0224] (RIN: 1625-AA08, AA00) received July 13, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 1995. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Office of Regulations and Administrative 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14JY7.000 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5884 July 14, 2017 
Law, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the De-partment’s interim rule — Security Zone; Potomac River, Montgomery County, MD [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0448] (RIN: 1625- AA87) received July 13, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1996. A letter from the Attorney, CG-LRA, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Drawbridge Operation Regula-tion; St. Louis River (Duluth-Superior Har-bor), between the towns of Duluth, MN and Superior, WI [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0212] (RIN: 1625-AA09) received July 13, 2017, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 1422. A bill to amend the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 to re-quire that certain buildings and personal property be covered by flood insurance, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–220). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 2565. A bill to require the use of replacement cost value in determining the premium rates for flood insurance cov-erage under the National Flood Insurance Act, and for other purposes; with an amend-ment (Rept. 115–221). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 806. A bill to facilitate effi-cient State implementation of ground-level ozone standards, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–222). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. M CGOVERN: H.R. 3241. A bill to require the Federal En-ergy Regulatory Commission to consider greenhouse gas emissions related to natural gas pipelines, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. HARTZLER: H.R. 3242. A bill to expand access to the Rural Community Facilities Program of the Department of Agriculture, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. CONNOLLY (for himself, Mr. I
SSA, Mr. M EADOWS , and Ms. K ELLY of Illinois): H.R. 3243. A bill to amend title 40, United States Code, to eliminate the sunset of cer-tain provisions relating to information tech-nology, to amend the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 to ex-tend the sunset relating to the Federal Data Center Consolidation Initiative, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. By Mr. MEADOWS (for himself, Mr. J
ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, and Mr. C
ONNOLLY ): H.R. 3244. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for annual surveys of Federal employees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself and Ms. CASTOR of Florida): H.R. 3245. A bill to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to increase civil money penalties and criminal fines for Federal health care program fraud and abuse, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Miss RICE of New York (for herself and Ms. S
TEFANIK ): H.R. 3246. A bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to es-tablish a Teacher Advisory Committee and a Parents and Families Advisory Committee; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. BERA: H.R. 3247. A bill to direct the President to develop and submit to Congress a strategy to protect United States interests in the Arctic region, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture, and in addition to the Committees on Foreign Affairs, Energy and Commerce, Science, Space, and Technology, and Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. B ORDALLO , Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. P OLIS, Ms. S LAUGH -
TER, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. T
ONKO , Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. L AN-
GEVIN , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, and Mr. H
UFFMAN ): H.R. 3248. A bill to encourage water effi-ciency; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Commit-tees on Oversight and Government Reform, Armed Services, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mrs. COMSTOCK: H.R. 3249. A bill to authorize the Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. CROWLEY (for himself, Mr. N
ADLER , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. S ERRANO , and Mr. J
EFFRIES ): H.R. 3250. A bill to provide aliens who per-formed rescue, recovery, demolition, debris cleanup, or other related services after the September 11 terrorist attacks an oppor-tunity to adjust their status to that of an alien lawfully admitted for permanent resi-dence, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. FORTENBERRY (for himself and Mr. H
UFFMAN ): H.R. 3251. A bill to amend the National Trails System Act to include national dis-covery trails and to designate the American Discovery Trail, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. FOSTER: H.R. 3252. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to authorize certain stu-dents in retain financial aid eligibility while completing a drug rehabilitation program; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. By Mr. LOEBSACK: H.R. 3253. A bill to provide for the health coverage of Members of Congress to be af-fected if the rate of individuals without health insurance increases; to the Com-mittee on House Administration, and in ad-dition to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, Energy and Commerce, and Ways and Means, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico (for herself and Mr. CICILLINE ): H.R. 3254. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code to impose an excise tax on opioid manufacturers, to make the funds collected through such tax available for opioid (in-cluding heroin) abuse prevention and treat-ment programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York (for herself, Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. L EVIN, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. K
HANNA , Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. C ON-
NOLLY ): H.R. 3255. A bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 regarding reasonable break time for nursing mothers; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. M
CKINLEY (for himself, Mr. N
EWHOUSE , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, and Mr. L
OEBSACK ): H.R. 3256. A bill to amend the Energy Pol-icy Act of 2005 to extend the eligibility for certain hydroelectric production and effi-ciency incentives; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mr. ROKITA (for himself, Mr. B
RAT, Mr. L
OUDERMILK , and Mr. S MITH of Missouri): H.R. 3257. A bill to provide certain reforms to promote accountability and efficiency in the civil service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 3258. A bill to amend the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act to improve cost sharing subsidies; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. SPEIER (for herself, Ms. R
OSEN , Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. E VANS , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. H IMES, Mr. K HANNA , Ms. H
ANABUSA , and Mr. W ALZ): H.R. 3259. A bill to prohibit the use of Fed-eral funds for the establishment or support of a cybersecurity unit with the Russian Federation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. THOMPSON of California: H.R. 3260. A bill to provide passengers in air transportation with certain rights; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Mrs. TORRES (for herself, Mrs. W
AGNER , and Mr. E VANS ): H.R. 3261. A bill to direct the Director of National Intelligence to produce a national intelligence estimate of the revenue sources of the North Korean regime, and for other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14JY7.000 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5885 July 14, 2017 
purposes; to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select). By Ms. JAYAPAL (for herself and Mr. C
ICILLINE ): H. Res. 446. A resolution of inquiry request-ing the President and directing the Attorney General to transmit, respectively, certain documents to the House of Representatives relating to the removal of former Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN (for her-self, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. P
AYNE , Mrs. D EMINGS , Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, and Mr. L ANGEVIN ): H. Res. 447. A resolution directing the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to transmit certain documents to the House of Rep-resentatives relating to Department of Homeland Security policies and activities re-lating to businesses owned or controlled by President Donald J. Trump; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security. By Mr. CORREA (for himself, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Ms. L
OFGREN , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , and Mr. M
CGOVERN ): H. Res. 448. A resolution recognizing the accomplishments and the contributions of Vietnamese Americans; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. ENGEL (for himself, Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, and Ms. B
ASS): H. Res. 449. A resolution urging the Gov-ernment of Kenya and Kenya’s political par-ties to respect democratic principles and hold credible, peaceful, and transparent elec-tions in August 2017; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. NOLAN: H. Res. 450. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regard-ing the power of Congress to protect the right to vote; to the Committee on House Administration. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
94. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the House of Representatives of the State of Louisiana, relative to House Resolution No. 129, urging the United States Congress to take such actions as are necessary to sup-port the domestic beef industry; which was referred to the Committee on Agriculture. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. M CGOVERN: H.R. 3241. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mrs. HARTZLER: H.R. 3242. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I: Section 8: Clause 3 The United States Congress shall have power ‘‘To regu-late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes.’’ By Mr. CONNOLLY: H.R. 3243. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 3244. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. BILIRAKIS: H.R. 3245. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 1 By Miss RICE of New York: H.R. 3246. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII By Mr. BERA: H.R. 3247. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 3248. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (relating to the power of Congress to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.) By Mrs. COMSTOCK: H.R. 3249. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Mr. CROWLEY: H.R. 3250. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Mr. FORTENBERRY: H.R. 3251 Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority for this bill is pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. FOSTER: H.R. 3252. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. LOEBSACK: H.R. 3253. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico: H.R. 3254. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution, ‘‘The Congress shall have Power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 3255. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Fourteenth Amendment, Section 5, which reads: The Congress shall have power to en-force, by appropriate legislation, the provi-sions of this article; and Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, which reads: The Congress shall have Power to regulate Commerce with for-eign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. MCKINLEY: H.R. 3256. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: According to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution: The Congress shall have power to enact this legislation to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. By Mr. ROKITA: H.R. 3257. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII, Clause XVIII To make all laws that shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 3258. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution, to provide for the general welfare and make all laws nec-essary and proper to carry out the powers of Congress. By Ms. SPEIER: H.R. 3259. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. THOMPSON of California: H.R. 3260. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: ARTICLE I of the CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES By Mrs. TORRES: H.R. 3261. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: According to Article 1: Section 8: Clause 18: of the United States Constitution, seen below, this bill falls within the Constitu-tional Authority of the United States Con-gress. Article 1: Section 8: Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 38: Mr. T ROTT . H.R. 113: Ms. D
EGETTE and Mr. H ILL. H.R. 154: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 367: Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 377: Mr. E
STES of Kansas. H.R. 422: Mr. H
ULTGREN , Mr. L ONG, Mr. T
HORNBERRY , and Mr. N ORMAN . H.R. 490: Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa, Mr. S CHWEIKERT , and Mr. G
UTHRIE . H.R. 523: Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 721: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. S MITH of New Jer- sey, Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. T HORN -
BERRY , and Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 762: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14JY7.100 H14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5886 July 14, 2017 
H.R. 778: Mr. L ABRADOR and Mr. S OTO. H.R. 799: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 807: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 816: Mr. B
ACON . H.R. 849: Mr. G
ALLAGHER , Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. M
ITCHELL , Mr. I SSA, Mr. S
IRES, Mr. U PTON , and Mr. F RANKS of Ari- zona. H.R. 880: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. W
ALBERG , and Mr. K INZINGER . H.R. 959: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 1002: Mr. S
MUCKER . H.R. 1006: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 1065: Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 1148: Mr. F
OSTER and Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER . H.R. 1159: Mr. C
RIST, Mr. E VANS , Mr. P OEof Texas, Ms. R
OSEN , and Mr. S OTO. H.R. 1232: Ms. H
ANABUSA and Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 1235: Mr. B
UCHANAN , Mr. R EICHERT , Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. B ISHOP  of Michigan, Mr. N
UNES , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. C
OMER , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. D
ENT, Mr. F ASO, Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. L
ONG, Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. K INZINGER , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. J
ONES , and Mr. M CHENRY . H.R. 1276: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 1298: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 1322: Mr. P
ALLONE . H.R. 1358: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. P AYNE , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. W ELCH , Mrs. T
ORRES , and Mr. W ALZ. H.R. 1469: Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 1639: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 1687: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 1698: Mrs. D
EMINGS , Mr. T AYLOR , Mr. R
UTHERFORD , Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. F ERGUSON , and Mr. L
AHOOD. H.R. 1733: Ms. T
SONGAS . H.R. 1840: Mr. D
ESJARLAIS . H.R. 1843: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 1864: Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 1868: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 1976: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 2040: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 2049: Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, and Mr. T
ONKO . H.R. 2062: Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 2077: Ms. L
OFGREN and Mrs. B EATTY . H.R. 2133: Mr. S
TIVERS , Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia, and Mr. R OEof Tennessee. H.R. 2151: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 2193: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 2197: Mr. G
OTTHEIMER . H.R. 2234: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 2322: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 2383: Mrs. W
AGNER . H.R. 2401: Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mrs. Carolyn B. Maloney of New York, Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. K INZINGER , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. T
SONGAS , and Ms. M ENG. H.R. 2404: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 2414: Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 2418: Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 2428: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 2482: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2519: Mr. W
ILLIAMS , Mr. S MITH of Mis- souri, and Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California. H.R. 2578: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 2584: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia and Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 2595: Mr. O
LSON . H.R: 2603: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 2646: Mr. C
OOK. H.R. 2679: Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2723: Mr. B
UCSHON . H.R. 2740: Mr. W
ALZ, Mr. L OWENTHAL , and Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 2782: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 2832: Mr. B
ABIN. H.R. 2870: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 2883: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 2902: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE H.R. 2904: Mr. K
ILMER , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , and Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 2909: Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 2910: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 2918: Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 2926: Mr. L
OWENTHAL , H.R. 2933: Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN , Mr. E VANS , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. P
ALLONE , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , and Mr. P OLIS. H.R. 2946: Mr. H
ARPER and Mr. G ALLAGHER , H.R. 2948: Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. B
ARR, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, and Mrs. N
APOLITANO , H.R. 2953: Mr. M
EEHAN , Ms. J ENKINS of Kan- sas, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. J ODYB. H
ICEof Georgia, Mr. L ANCE , and Mr. P OEof Texas. H.R. 2991: Mr. D
ENT, Mr. C OSTELLO of Penn- sylvania, Mr. M
ARINO , and Mr. B ARLETTA . H.R. 2996: Mr. B
RAT and Mr. J OHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 3006: Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3030: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 3034: Mr. C
LEAVER , Mr. K ELLY of Mis- sissippi, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. H
ILL, Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr, R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. L
UETKEMEYER . H.R. 3036: Mr. M
AST. H.R. 3053: Mr. K
INZINGER , Mr. H ARPER , Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California, Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. F LO-
RES, Mr. L ATTA , Mr. L ONG, Mr. L ANCE , Mr. U
PTON , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. O LSON , Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mrs. B LACK -
BURN , Mr. B ARTON , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. H
UDSON , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, and Ms. M
ATSUI . H.R. 3059: Ms. T
SONGAS and Mr. Y ARMUTH . H.R. 3089: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 3091: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 3120: Mr. M
EADOWS and Mr. B UCSHON , H.R. 3139: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 3191: Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, and Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 3212: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 3218: Mrs. W
ALORSKI . H.R. 3222: Mr. F
OSTER , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. C
ONYERS , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, and Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 3223: Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. R OGERS of Ala- bama, Mr. A
RRINGTON , and Mr. A BRAHAM . H.R. 3227: Mr. T
AKANO . H.J. Res. 51: Mr. S
MUCKER , Mr. D UFFY , Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. M ITCHELL , Mr. G
ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. S
CHNEIDER , Mr. U PTON , Mr. S IRES, and Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona. H. Con. Res. 45: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama. H. Con. Res. 59: Mr. N
ORMAN , Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN , and Mr. G OSAR . H. Con. Res. 60: Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN . H. Con. Res. 63: Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland. H. Con. Res. 68: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H. Res. 58: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H. Res. 274: Mr. H
ECKand Mr. T HOMPSON of California. H. Res. 294: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H. Res. 317: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H. Res. 345: Mr. G
RIJALVA and Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H. Res. 349: Mr. B
ACON . H. Res. 407: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H. Res. 435: Mr. P
ALLONE . H. Res. 441: Mr. R
ASKIN . H. Res. 445: Mr. D
ONOVAN , Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN , and Mr. H ULTGREN . f 
DISCHARGE PETITIONS— ADDITIONS AND WITHDRAWALS The following Members added their names to the following discharge peti-tions: 
Petition 1 by Ms. ESHOO on H.R. 305: Mr. Gomez. Petition 2 by Mr. SWALWELL of Cali-fornia on H.R. 356: Mr. Gomez. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.030 H14JYPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE987 July 14, 2017 
IN RECOGNITION OF ROBINSON FANS, INC. AND ITS 125TH ANNI-VERSARY 
HON. MIKE KELLY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 14, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, today I recognize Robinson Fans, Inc. and its celebration of 125 years as a solely owned family business. Small businesses like Robin-son Fans, Inc. are important to both the econ-omy and the community of Pennsylvania’s third district. This year, the occasion of its 125th Anniversary, is an appropriate time to celebrate the hard work and outstanding achievements of this small business. Robinson Fans, Inc., founded in Monongahela, Pennsylvania in 1892, has been operating in the town of Zelienople, Pennsylvania for over a century. This business has helped power locomotives, allowed com-modity giants to dig the world’s deepest mines, and employed numerous members of the community throughout the years. It has enhanced both the community and the econ-omy, providing jobs and economic opportunity for generations of Pennsylvanians. Robinson Fans has been victorious through some of America’s worst hardships, including the Great Depression and several recessions, an economic feat of enormous scale. It has survived and thrived through multiple genera-tions with new management and operation tactics that kept the business successful. Rob-inson Fans is now on its sixth generation. This is a remarkable accomplishment, considering most companies do not last beyond 20 years and only 3 percent of family-owned busi-nesses make it to the fourth generation, ac-cording to the Family Business Institute. As a supporter of small businesses like Robinson Fans, I am proud of its efforts and achievements in both the community and the economy. I am sure all my colleagues join me in applauding the valiant efforts of this busi-ness and other small businesses that continue to offer economic opportunity to our constitu-ents and make our country a better place. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 12, 2017 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2810) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes: 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I rise to speak on House consideration of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. I thank Chairman THORNBERRY and Ranking Member S
MITH and the Armed Services Com-mittee for their work on the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. As a senior member of the House Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Judiciary, I take our role in Congress as stewards of our nation’s security seriously. I offer my thanks and appreciation to the men and women of the armed services who place themselves in harm’s way each day for the safety and security of our nation’s people. The National Defense Authorization Act’s purpose is to address the threats our nation faces not just today, but into the future. This makes our work vital to our national interest and it should reflect our strong commitment to ensure that the men and women of our Armed Services receive the benefits and support that they deserve for their faithful service. This bill encompasses a number of initia-tives designed to confront the military chal-lenges posed by violent extremism, terrorists engaging in ground wars, making more effi-cient the work of protecting America, address-es defense of our nation’s computing networks and infrastructure, the medical health needs of men and women in the armed services, and extends economic and education opportunity to small minority and women owned busi-nesses. We live in a dangerous world, where threats are not always easily identified, and our en-emies are not bound by borders. Russia’s aggression towards the United States has long been understood, but in 2016 the stakes were raised in terms of how far they would go to harm our nation and Demo-cratic institutions when they interfered in our national election. Since September 11, 2001, we have kept a steadfast commitment to ending the threat of global terror. Boko Haram, ISIL, and AI Shabaab remind us of how fragile our nation’s security could be without a well trained and equipped military. The introduction of cyber offensive actions against the United States and our interest has altered the definition of war and with it our un-derstanding about what is needed to combat a unique type of enemy that fights under no flag, for any nation, and can cause harm to com-puting networks. I appreciate the House Armed Services Committee’s continued support of our national defense and support a number of provisions in H.R. 1735, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year (FY) 2018, such as authori-ties that support ongoing operations. The amendments offered to this bill offered opportunities to address these and other Ad-ministration concerns that will improve the bill. Let me discuss briefly the amendments I of-fered that were adopted by the House and in-cluded in the final version of the bill. 1. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 56 calls for increased collaboration with NIH to combat Triple Negative Breast Cancer and provides $10 million in appropriations. 2. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 76 dIrects the Department of Defense to prepare contin-gency plans to assist relief organizations in delivering humanitarian aid in South Sudan and to deescalate conflict. 3. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 83 directs the Secretary of Defense to prepare against deployment of North Korean nuclear ICBMs to prevent damage or destruction of satellites critical to U.S. national defense and global communications. These Jackson Lee Amendments are straightforward, and make improvements to the bill. There were 14 additional Jackson Lee Amendments that were not included in the Rule for consideration of the Fiscal Year 2018 National Defense Authorization Act. The Jackson Lee Amendments to H.R. 2810 are in four categories: 1. National Security Amendments that pro-tect and promote national security, national defense and U.S. foreign policy interests; 2. Counterespionage and Deterrence Amendments that uphold the interests of American citizens at home and abroad. 3. Healthcare, technology and know-how, and Opportunities for Women Amendments that promote advances in PTSD and Triple- Negative Breast Cancer Research and Profes-sional Development and Business opportuni-ties for women. 4. Cybersecurity Amendments that support the work of the DOD to ensure defense of our nation against cyberattacks. I have submitted six amendments that pro-tect and promote national security, national defense or U.S. foreign policy interests: 1. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 175 author-izes the Secretary of Defense to provide tech-nical assistance by U.S. military women to military women abroad combating terrorism, human and narcotics trafficking and their im-pact on women and girls. 2. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 166 con-demns the actions of Boko Haram and directs the Secretary of Defense to provide technical assistance to Nigeria in establishing a central missing persons’ database and a Victims Re-lief Fund. 3. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 187 ex-presses Sense of Congress that the Inter-national Military Education and Training (IMET) program is an important U.S. foreign policy and national defense instrument of value and asks Secretary of Defense to make maximum use of it. 4. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 184 directs Secretary of State to inform Congress of the feasibility of providing training, equipment and logistics to improve air traffic control systems in African countries where U.S. military oper-ations require it. 5. The Jackson Lee Amendments No. 76 and No. 83 that were accepted by the Rules Committee and are under consideration by the House addressed the humanitarian crisis in South Sudan, and North Korea’s Interconti-nental Ballistic Missile Program. These six Jackson Lee amendments would have enhanced the effectiveness of the NDAA 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:17 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K14JY8.001 E14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE988 July 14, 2017 
by protecting and promoting U.S. foreign pol-icy and national security interests. I have submitted three amendments to de-fend against espionage and provide deter-rence against threats to the United States: 1. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 177 author-ized the Secretary of Defense to work with local partners in providing security at civilian nuclear research centers to assure nuclear weapons do not fall into the possession of ter-rorists or rogue nations. 2. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 181 re-quired the Secretary of Defense to report to Congress the programs employed to ensure Department of Defense National Security Edu-cation Program students studying abroad are trained to recognize, resist, and report against foreign governmental recruitment efforts. 3. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 179 di-rected the Secretary of Defense to conduct and report to Congress the results of a study on whether requirement to notify Voting Action Officer within 10 days of registration in service member duty reassignment state imposes sig-nificant burden on military voters. Two of these amendments sought to ad-dress known threats to our national interest and one would have assured that changes in voter registration rules for persons serving in the military would not impose an undue bur-den to their right to vote at a polling location instead of by absentee ballot. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 177 (Secure Nuclear Material in developing nations) There is a wide array of peaceful uses for nuclear material such as nuclear power plant power generation; radiation treatment for can-cer and other medical conditions; as well as research at academic and research institu-tions. China and India are both pursuing nuclear power as an option to dependence on fossil fuels, while oil-rich Gulf nations are consid-ering nuclear power with the hope of exporting more oil. There are 65 reactors being built around the world, and 69 percent of them are in Brazil, Russia, India and China. India has no fossil fuel resources and is ex-panding its use of nuclear power to address shortfalls in electric generation capacity that is out stripped by economic growth. India goal is to have nuclear power be the source for 50 percent of its electricity needs by 2050. I have submitted six amendments to protect women and health: 4. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 224 pro-vides $2.5 million increase in funding to com-bat Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder. 5. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 180 en-forces the title and section ‘‘Minority and Busi-ness Ownership’’ to include HUZ and dis-advantaged businesses. 6. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 226 directs the Secretary of the Navy to report to Con-gress on the ability to apply desalination tech-nologies for drought relief for both military and civilian purposes. 7. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 431 directs that the Office of Women’s Business Owner-ship shall include a focus on outreach and en-gagement of minority women owned busi-nesses. All six of these amendments enhance the NDAA. I have submitted two amendments to ensure greater cybersecurity capacity and resource allocation for the purpose of protecting Amer-ica’s Cyber Defense interest: 1. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 182 directs the Secretary of Defense to develop plans for early detection, mitigation, and defense against state-sponsored cyberattacks regard-ing elections and voter engagement efforts. 2. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 183 directs the Secretary of Defense to develop effective countermeasures to defend networks against attacks by cyber weapons. Both of these Jackson Lee amendments of-fered improvements to the NDAA’s protection of America’s cyber security. In addition to these Amendments, I am in support of the AUMF Amendment offered by Representatives W
ALTER JONES and J OHN C
ONYERS that was not made in order by the Rules Committee. Congress has an obligation to the American people to debate the issue of war. Our military is now in theaters of war with-out Congressional approval which is in con-travention to the Constitution because it states that only Congress has the power to declare war. We must continue to direct our efforts as a body to ensure that our troops remain the best equipped and prepared military force in the world. They are not just soldiers they are sons and daughters, husbands and wives, brothers and sisters—they are some of the people we represent as Members of Congress. Support for them is a sacred obligation of Congress, both to those who are at risk on battlefields and serving as the guard against threats around the world, but they are also those who have returned home from war. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF MIKE M
CGARVIN 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 14, 2017 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, we rise today to pay tribute to the life and service of Mr. Mike McGarvin. Mike was the beloved founder of the Poverello House, a homeless shelter in Fresno which provides programs and support services to hundreds of people every day. For decades Mike touched the lives of countless disadvantaged people in the Fresno area using one simple message, ‘‘Listen with com-passion; give with a warm heart and a smile.’’ Mike, or ‘‘Papa Mike,’’ as he was affection-ately known by many, was born in San Fran-cisco, California in 1944. After early struggles in life, he found solace in a coffee house in San Francisco called Poverello that served those in need. The coffee house was run by a priest, who later asked Mike to volunteer there, an opportunity that proved to be life changing. After seven years of volunteering at the San Francisco Poverello, Mike and his wife Mary moved back to her hometown of Fresno where he worked as a photographer for the local newspaper, The Fresno Bee. After observing Fresno’s homeless population, Mike was re-minded of the kindness shown to him at Poverello in San Francisco, and he pledged to find a way to give back. Mike initiated his legacy by passing out pea-nut butter and jelly sandwiches to the home-less and the hungry from the back of his car. Soon after, he purchased a small storefront and opened the Poverello House to help those in need in Fresno, naming his small outfit after the place in San Francisco that saved his life. Since its modest beginnings, the Poverello House has grown. It now provides three meals a day, 365 days a year to those in need as well as many other services, such as clothing distribution, emergency food bags, a medical clinic, the Men’s Resident Rehabilitation pro-gram, and temporary overnight shelter for men and women. The Poverello House is truly a source of salvation for countless individuals in our community. Mike has been recognized many times throughout his life for his invaluable work, in-cluding an honorary doctorate from California State University, Fresno and the Pope John XXIII Award from the Italian Catholic Federa-tion in honor of his years of humanitarian serv-ice. Mike will be remembered by all for his boundless kindness and deep compassion. He leaves a legacy of service and selflessness, both through the Poverello House and in the hearts of the people whose lives he touched. He is survived by his wife of 46 years Mary, daughter Clare, and grandson Tyler. Mr. Speaker, we ask our colleagues to join us in honoring the life and achievements of Mike McGarvin, whose passion for service and kindness has forever changed the lives of those in need in our community. I join Mike’s family and the Poverello House in honoring his life. He will truly be missed. f 
HONORING THE VILLAGE OF LA GRANGE PARK 
HON. MIKE QUIGLEY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 14, 2017 Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Village of La Grange Park as it cele-brates its 125th Anniversary. The Village was founded July 14, 1892, when 300 residents living in the southwest comer of Proviso Township came together to form what was then a unique suburb—a bed-room community with no business district or rail transportation. La Grange Park prides itself in being one of Illinois’ most lively and inclusive villages, in addition to being one of the most economically successful. Originally settled in the 1840s by Chicago residents who fled the rapid popu-lation growth of the city, La Grange Park quickly became a prominent lllinois farming town. From its quiet beginnings, La Grange Park has grown into one of the Chicago area’s most livable communities for its 13,579 resi-dents. In recent years, the Village has seen an in-flux of new residents, as young families have been drawn to the award winning private and public schools that serve the community, in-cluding Nazareth Academy, Lyons Township High School and Riverside-Brookfield High School. LaGrange Park also cherishes its sen-ior citizens, providing three first-class senior living facilities. Today, La Grange Park is still home to many residents of Irish, Italian, and German heritage, but the village has come a long way 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:17 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JY8.002 E14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE989 July 14, 2017 
from its humble beginnings as a farm town. With its gorgeous homes, safe communities, good schools, and over 13,000 residents, it’s no wonder that La Grange Park was named one of ‘‘The Best Places to Live’’ by CHI-CAGO Magazine. The village is also home to many prosperous businesses and attractions that draw visitors from other various parts of the Midwest. La Grange Park’s contributions to the 5th District of Illinois and the state in general, can-not be understated, and I am truly honored to be a part of this historic recognition. Mr. Speaker, I ask you all to join me in celebrating the Village of La Grange Park during this mo-mentous occasion, and may they enjoy many more years of continued success. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 
SPEECH OF  
HON. MAC THORNBERRY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 12, 2017 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2810) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes: 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chair, I ask that the following exchange of letters be included in the R
ECORD on H.R. 2810: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, June 30, 2017. Hon. W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN THORNBERRY : I write to confirm our mutual understanding regarding H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2018. This legislation contains subject matter within the jurisdic-tion of the Committee on the Judiciary. However, in order to expedite floor consider-ation of this important legislation, the com-mittee waives consideration of the bill. The Judiciary Committee takes this action only with the understanding that the com-mittee’s jurisdictional interests over this and similar legislation are in no way dimin-ished or altered. The Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment to any House-Senate con-ference on this legislation and requests your support if such a request is made. Finally, I would appreciate your including this letter in your committee report on this bill and in the Congressional Record during consider-ation of H.R. 2810 on the House Floor. Thank you for your attention to these matters. Sincerely, B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , Washington, DC, July 5, 2017. Hon. B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 2810, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. I agree that the Committee on the Judiciary has valid jurisdictional claims to certain provisions in this important legislation, and I am most appreciative of your decision not to request a referral in the interest of expe-diting consideration of the bill. I agree that by forgoing a sequential referral, the Com-mittee on the Judiciary is not waiving its ju-risdiction. Further, this exchange of letters will be included in the committee report on the bill. Sincerely, WILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, June 29, 2017. Hon. M
ACTHORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I write concerning H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2018. That bill, as or-dered reported, contains provisions within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Natural Re-sources Committee, including those affecting public lands, the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration Corps, and mat-ters regarding the Freely Associated States and insular areas of the United States. In the interest of permitting you to pro-ceed expeditiously to floor consideration of this very important bill, I waive this com-mittee’s right to a sequential referral. I do so with the understanding that the Natural Resources Committee does not waive any fu-ture jurisdictional claim over the subject matter contained in the bill that fall within its Rule X jurisdiction. I also request that you urge the Speaker to name members of the Natural Resources committee to any conference committee to consider such pro-visions. Please place this letter into the committee report on H.R. 2810 and into the Congres-sional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Thank you for the cooperative spirit in which you and your staff have worked regarding this matter and others between our respective committees, and congratulations on this significant achievement. Sincerely, R
OBBISHOP , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , Washington, DC, July 5, 2017. Hon. R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 2810, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. I agree that the Committee on Natural Re-sources has valid jurisdictional claims to celtain provisions in this important legisla-tion, and I am most appreciative of your de-cision not to request a referral in the inter-est of expediting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Committee on Natural Resources is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this ex-change of letters will be included in the com-mittee reports on the bill. Sincerely, W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOV-
ERNMENT REFORM , Washington, DC, June 29, 2017. Hon. W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing to you concerning the jurisdictional interest of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform in matters being considered in H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. Our committee recognizes the importance of H.R. 2810 and the need for the legislation to move expeditiously. Therefore, while we have a valid claim to jurisdiction over the bill, I do not intend to request a sequential referral. This, of course, is conditional on our mutual understanding that nothing in this legislation or my decision to forego a se-quential referral waives, reduces or other-wise affects the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form, and that a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest will be included in the Committee Report and as part of the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill by the House. The Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform also asks that you support our request to be conferees on the provisions over which we have jurisdiction during any House-Senate conference. Thank you for your consideration in this matter. Sincerely, TREYGOWDY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , Washington, DC, July 5, 2017. Hon. T
REYGOWDY , Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 2810, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. I agree that the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform has valid jurisdictional claims to certain provisions in this impor-tant legislation, and I am most appreciative of your decision not to request a referral in the interest of expediting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequen-tial referral, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this exchange of let-ters will be included in the committee report on the bill. Sincerely, W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 14, 2017 Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, on Thursday, July 13, 2017, I was absent from the House because I was unavoidably detained. Due to my absence, I did not record any votes on the Motion to Adjourn, first vote series, and second vote series. I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on Roll Call 354, Roll Call 355, Roll Call 362, Roll Call 369, and Roll Call 371. I would have voted ‘‘Nay’’ on Roll Call 353, Roll Call 356, Roll Call 357, Roll Call 358, Roll Call 359, Roll Call 360, Roll Call 361, Roll Call 363, Roll Call 364, Roll Call 365, Roll Call 366, Roll Call 367, Roll Call 368, and Roll Call 370. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:17 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY8.004 E14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE990 July 14, 2017 
RECOGNIZING THE 52ND ANNIVER-SARY OF THE OLDER AMERI-CANS ACT 
HON. JOYCE BEATTY 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 14, 2017 Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, today marks the 52nd Anniversary of the Older Americans Act, a landmark bill signed into law by Presi-dent Lyndon Johnson on July 14, 1965. The Older Americans Act provides critical support services for tens of millions of senior citizens and their families. With 10,000 Americans turning 65 every day, our country has an obligation to keep these programs strong. Older Americans should be able to live a life of dignity and independence. However, that promise is under attack by the Trump Administration and Congressional Republicans. Trumpcare will hurt older Americans by gut-ting Medicaid by $722 billion and allowing in-surers to charge older Americans more money for less coverage, no matter their health sta-tus. Not to be outdone, Trump’s very first budget would eliminate programs like Meals on Wheels and senior employment services, forc-ing countless older Americans into a life of hunger and poverty. We cannot break our promise to our sen-iors. Democrats will continue to fight to protect the Older Americans Act and ensure every American can live their full life with dignity. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF FULBRIGHT GRANTEES 
HON. DAVE BRAT 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 14, 2017 Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize four constituents who received pres-tigious Fulbright awards during the 2016–2017 academic year. They are, Ms. Tyra Beaman of Glen Allen, Virginia, Ms. Ellen Korcovelos of Henrico, Virginia, Mr. Colfax Phillips of Rich-mond, Virginia, and Ms. Eileen Wang of Glen Allen, Virginia. These scholars will be joining alumni of the Fulbright program who have and will continue to be extraordinarily successful in their lives. Fulbright scholars go on to excel in nearly every seclor of our economy, as well as serv-ing in the highest levels of government and Congress. According to the United States Department of State, more than 370,000 individuals from the United States and over 180 countries have participated in the Fulbright program since 1946. The Fulbright Student Program boasts that ‘‘The Fulbright U.S. Student Program is the largest U.S. exchange program offering opportunities for students and young profes-sionals to undertake international graduate study, advanced research, university teaching, and primary and secondary school teaching worldwide.’’ This program is a terrific way for students to gain worldwide perspectives and learn valu-able lessons from other countries. They are also taking with them the values that made America what it is today. They will build life-long relationships and be ambassadors for America for years to come. Congratulations. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE RETIRE-MENT OF LIEUTENANT GENERAL LARRY WYCHE 
HON. MO BROOKS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 14, 2017 Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I would like to pay tribute to Lieutenant General Larry Wyche, Deputy Commanding General, United States Army Materiel Command, and Senior Commander of Redstone Arsenal in my home state of Alabama, on the occasion of his retirement following more than 42 years of ex-emplary service to the United States Army. Lieutenant General Wyche began his career as an enlisted soldier rising to the rank of Ser-geant and he will retire with three stars. Those stars were not easy to come by. They were hard earned. Lieutenant General Wyche has been critical in transforming the manner in which Sustainment is provided to our Nation’s Warfighters and he has been a champion for the health and welfare of the Organic Indus-trial Base—our arsenals, manufacturing de-pots, and ammunition plants. Lieutenant General Wyche has shaped and led the day-to-day operations oflhe U.S. Army Materiel Command, a $58 billion logistics en-terprise, staffed by more than 120,000 Sol-diers, Civilians, and Contractors for more than two years. The command has a presence in all 50 U.S. states and 155 countries. As Senior Commander of Redstone Arsenal in my district, Lieutenant General Wyche was in charge of the security and well-being of the more than 70 tenants, Soldiers, Army Civil-ians, and Families. Under his watch, the qual-ity of life for residents and employees alike greatly improved. Lieutenant General Wyche’s many stellar achievements are too many to recite, but they have had far reaching effects at home and abroad. As a major, he deployed with the XVIII Airborne Corps to Haiti and did his part to restore democracy to that country during Operation Uphold Democracy. His bravery and courage were also tested in Afghanistan dur-ing Operation Enduring Freedom. Lieutenant General Wyche began his career earning stripes and retires having earned every one of his three stars. We thank him for his leadership. On behalf of all those touched by his service, we wish Lieutenant General Wyche and his wife, Denise, and their family, good luck, good ground, and Godspeed. Army Strong. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE 60TH ANNIVER-SARY OF EASTERSEALS SOUTH-ERN GEORGIA 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 14, 2017 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I con-sider it my great honor and pleasure to extend my sincerest congratulations to the Easterseals Southern Georgia program as it celebrates 60 years of serving individuals liv-ing with disabilities and their families. The Easterseals Southern Georgia will celebrate this significant milestone with a celebration on July 15, 2017 at the Doublegate Country Club in Albany, GA. Easterseals Southern Georgia was brought to life by Mr. and Mrs. Carl Huie after they spent nearly eight years traveling back and forth from Atlanta with their daughter Carlton whose health was ailing. After struggling to find a facility that accommodated her daugh-ter’s needs, Mrs. Huie vowed to start a reha-bilitation center in Albany to serve the disabled people of Southwest Georgia. After nearly two years of letter writing and talking with every women’s group in Albany, Mrs. Huie convinced the Junior League of Al-bany to take on the sponsorship and they began working toward establishing what would become the Easter Seal Guild. In 1954, the Devane Home in Albany was rented, and later purchased for use. The center officially opened on November 25, 1957 and on No-vember 21, 1961, the Easter Seal Guild was formed, boasting 25 charter members. However, in 1990, the Easter Seal Guild dissolved and Easterseals Southern Georgia became a direct affiliate of the National Easterseals Organization. Through the changes, the program continued to grow into a multi-faceted organization, becoming even more responsive to the needs of the region it set out to serve. The programs for adults and children cre-ated by Easterseals Southern Georgia over the years have helped families of individuals who are amputees and those who suffer from traumatic physical and emotional injuries, de-velopmental or intellectual disabilities, and mental illnesses by providing programs that are customized to their needs. The Easterseals Southern Georgia continues to provide these and new services to help ensure that each group’s needs are met. Beyond working to provide opportunities to adults with disabilities, Easterseals Southern Georgia opened ‘‘Megan’s House’’ to serve families of children with disabilities. The house was so successful that the Georgia Depart-ment of Behavioral Health and Developmental Disabilities provided funds for a second home in Waycross, Georgia, and the U.S. Congress provided federal funds in 2009 for a third home in Valdosta, Georgia. Since its inception in 1957, Easterseals Southern Georgia has served over 70,000 citi-zens in need and has aimed to ensure that those with developmental disabilities have val-ued roles in the community by administering training and other services that support indi-vidual choices and opportunities. Easterseals has expanded its area of outreach to under-privileged adults and children in Northern Flor-ida and East Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me and the more than 730,000 residents of Geor-gia’s Second Congressional District in ex-pressing our profound gratitude to Easterseals Southern Georgia for providing citizens with disabilities the long-lasting skills needed to be outstanding members of their communities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:17 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY8.009 E14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE991 July 14, 2017 
IN HONOR OF JOSEPH NOUFAL 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 14, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take a moment to commemorate the life of my constituent Mr. Joseph ‘‘Joey’’ Noufal from Leesburg, Virginia, who passed away on May 31, 2017, at the age of 48. Throughout his life, Mr. Noufal was an esteemed entrepreneur in our community and a devoted husband, father, and friend. Revered for his sincerity and be-loved for his contagious smile, generosity, and compassion, Mr. Noufal embodied an innova-tive and zealous character. His legacy en-dures and he will always be remembered and missed by many. Originally from Beirut, Lebanon, Mr. Noufal immigrated to Northern Virginia during his childhood. From a young age, he developed the essential entrepreneurial qualities of reli-ability, creativity, and determination by working in his family’s salon. Later on, he earned his Associate’s Degree in Graphic Design. As an award-winning hair stylist, he successfully ran Noufal Hair Color Studio for more than a quar-ter-century. Throughout his career, Mr. Noufal garnered numerous international certifications and made house calls to royal families and foreign dignitaries. Additionally, Mr. Noufal op-erated various business ventures involving franchising, coffee distribution, and corporate cleaning. Recently, Mr. Noufal and his wife, Vicky, celebrated their 23rd wedding anniversary. To-gether, they have three sons, Alexander, Brandon, and Mason. Mr. Noufal often re-marked that his greatest accomplishment in life was being father to his sons and a partner to his wife. He is also survived by his mother, six brothers, and two sisters. Mr. Noufal leaves behind a remarkable leg-acy and an extensive entrepreneurial career to the Commonwealth. His unyielding strength and devotion to his work and clients attested to his selfless character and genial demeanor. He will be greatly missed by the countless lives he has touched. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in celebrating the life of, and bidding fare-well to, Joey Noufal. May he rest in peace, and his family be comforted. 
f 
THE HOUSE’S RESPONSE TO PRESIDENT TRUMP’S REMARKS ON U.S.-RUSSIA CYBERSECURITY COOPERATION 
HON. DAVID N. CICILLINE 
OF RHODE ISLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 14, 2017 Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ex-press my distress over the House’s response to President Trump’s recent comments on cy-bersecurity cooperation with Russia. The U.S. Intelligence Community has over-whelmingly concluded that Russia actively sought to influence the 2016 election through an active disinformation campaign, and covert cyberattacks. Yet this past weekend, in an act that confounded Republicans and Democrats alike, President Trump bragged about dis-cussing with Vladimir Putin the possibility of establishing a joint cybersecurity unit with Russia. The idea that we would cooperate with Russia on cybersecurity, which would necessarily mean sharing some of our strate-gies, defies logic. Naturally concerned by this reckless an-nouncement, this week several of my col-leagues and I offered amendments to H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Vear 2018 to prohibit such coopera-tion. However, House Republicans refused to bring a single one of them to the floor for con-sideration. Not only has our President refused to fully accept the overwhelming evidence that Russia actively sought to influence our elections, he now continues to place our national security at risk by floating the absurd idea that we should actually cooperate with Vladimir Putin, who or-dered this campaign against our democratic institutions, in order to guard against future cyber threats. Mr. Speaker, it would be laughable, if it were not so shameful, that House Republicans are refusing to do anything to even consider prohibiting such a dangerous course of action by President Trump. Why not let the full House vote on this proposal? If any of my col-leagues do think it’s a good idea to work with Russia on cybersecurity, let them come to the floor and explain themselves. What will it take before House Republicans take a stand against Russia’s actions? If we do not do it, then I promise you it will happen again in the next election. f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 13, 2017 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2810) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes: 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong opposition to the Franks Amendment No. 13 to H.R. 2810, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act’’ (NDAA), which would re-quire the federal government to conduct so- called strategic assessments of Islamic reli-gious doctrine. I am shocked and appalled at this blatant attempt to single out Muslims for a religious test in a direct violation of the Constitution and our nation’s founding principles. It frankly astounds me that such a hateful, discriminatory, and incoherent piece of reli-gious bigotry has been made in order for this bill and is under consideration today. To illustrate the sheer absurdity of this amendment, I would like to offer the amend-ment’s sponsor a brief lesson on the history of religious persecution and freedom in the United States. In 1620, a group of English-born Puritans braved the Atlantic Ocean in order to found Plymouth Colony in the New World of Amer-ica—they were fleeing, above all else, reli-gious persecution in England, where discrimi-natory religious tests were common practice and the law. On September 17, 1878, two and a half centuries later, 39 delegates signed the United States Constitution; in Article 6, Section 3 of this Constitution, they wrote that ‘‘no religious test shall ever be required . . . under the United States.’’ In the First Amendment, they went even fur-ther: ‘‘Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof.’’ Every child in America knows these facts about our nation’s founding. The essential human right to freedom of worship, without fear of persecution or dis-crimination, is explicitly written into our genetic code as Americans. What we do not teach our children is to as-sociate any particular religion with the violent acts of a few extremists who claim to belong to that religion. We understand that such an accusation would be irrational, intellectually dishonest, and ineffective at identifying and combatting the real roots of violent extremism. It would be remiss for me to neglect to point out that the Ku Klux Klan was founded and continues to identify as a Christian organiza-tion, or that racial terrorist Dylann Roof, who murdered nine innocent churchgoers in cold blood, was himself a member of a Lutheran church. Yet Representative Franks’ amendment does not require any strategic assessments of ‘‘violent or unorthodox’’ Christian doctrine. Instead, Amendment No. 13 wrongfully casts the specter of terrorism upon all Muslim communities and individuals through the use of coded language like ‘‘strategic assess-ments.’’ Nowhere does this Amendment acknowl-edge the fact that many Muslims, both domes-tically and abroad, have been contributing wholeheartedly to the U.S.’s mission to end violent extremism. Amendment No. 13 mandates the identifica-tion of key Islamic leaders who practice any form of Islam, with no exception for those who have never violated any laws—this is not only a completely nonsensical proposition, but a dangerous violation of the principles of reli-gious liberty, individual privacy, and equal pro-tection as established by the First Amend-ment. Amendment No. 13 requires the Secretary of Defense to create a ‘‘team of experts’’ to determine which practices and beliefs of the Islam are legitimate or acceptable—another di-rect violation of the Constitution. Mr. Chair, this Amendment is a stain on our national honor and pride as Americans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:17 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JY8.013 E14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE992 July 14, 2017 
Muslim Americans make up a vital part of our nation’s diverse, multicultural fabric; every day, they make valuable contributions to the arts, the economy, academia, government, military services, and much more. If it is passed, Amendment No. 13 would only further stigmatize and alienate a vibrant community of Americans who have been sub-ject to harassment and discrimination for years, and especially under the Trump Admin-istration. We are better than that and I urge all Mem-bers to join me in rejecting this terrible legisla-tion. 
f 
INSURING SOCIAL SECURITY SOL-VENCY FOR CURRENT AND FU-TURE GENERATIONS 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 14, 2017 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, ear-lier this week, the Ways and Means Sub-committee on Social Security held a hearing to discuss the Social Security Administration’s Annual Trustee Report. This report is a strong reminder that Congress must act to address the Social Security Trust Fund shortfall to en-sure the stability of Social Security for genera-tions to come. The longer Congress delays dealing with this impending crisis, the fewer options we will have to address the shortfall. Social Security is an essential program that prevents elderly Americans from falling into poverty once they reach retirement age or are disabled. Currently, Social Security covers 61 million seniors, and 171 million Americans pay into the system. The Trust Fund is divided into two divisions: Old-Age and Survivors insur-ance (OASI) and Disability Insurance (DI). These funds cover the 41.2 million retired workers, the 8.8 million disabled workers, and their families. The long term viability of Social Security is undoubtedly under threat. The Baby Boomers are beginning to retire which is putting signifi-cant pressure on the fund. Since Social Secu-rity collects fewer revenues than it previously did, it will be forced to draw from the 2.8 tril-lion dollars in asset reserve. The Social Secu-rity Administration Trustee’s report estimates that reserves are in danger of depletion by 2034. We cannot let this happen. A reduction in benefits for our seniors would be dev-astating for many of my constituent, who de-pend on Social Security payments as their only income in retirement. If benefits de-crease, seniors who have paid into the system could be forced to choose between paying for their groceries, their utility bills, or their essen-tial medication. There are common-sense steps that Con-gress can take to stabilize the program and in-sure it’s presence for the next century. The Ranking Member of the Ways and Means So-cial Security Subcommittee, Congressman J
OHN LARSON , has introduced H.R. 1902—the Social Security 2100 Act. I am a proud co-sponsor of H.R. 1902, which would simulta-neously increase benefits for current and fu-ture seniors, reduce payroll taxes for middle class and working class Americans, and se-cure the solvency of the program until 2100. This is accomplished by asking the wealthiest Americans to pay their fair share by raising the payroll tax cap on incomes above $127,000. There are reasonable solutions that both Democrats and Republicans should be able to support. Congress cannot afford to abandon our sen-iors. We must address the Social Security shortfall now. Therefore, I call an Speaker RYANto bring H.R. 1902 to the floor for a vote. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF HOUSE RESO-LUTION RECOGNIZING THE AC-COMPLISHMENTS AND CON-TRIBUTIONS OF VIETNAMESE AMERICANS 
HON. J. LUIS CORREA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 14, 2017 Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, today, I am in-troducing a House Resolution recognizing the accomplishments and contributions of Viet-namese Americans. I represent part of one of the largest Viet-namese communities in the United States, and I am proud to recognize the valuable contribu-tions of 1.7 million Vietnamese Americans cur-rently living in the United States. The United States is home to the largest number of indi-viduals of Vietnamese descent outside of Viet-nam. Additionally, Vietnamese Americans make up the fourth largest Asian American population. Currently, more than 70,000 reside in California’s 46th Congressional District. In the aftermath of the Vietnam War, ap-proximately 800,000 Vietnamese refugees fleeing persecution resettled in the United States. Today, Vietnamese Americans con-tribute to American society through their work in business, education, science and tech-nology, engineering, mathematics, literature and the arts, gastronomy, the armed forces, and public service at every level of govern-ment. Vietnamese Americans add to the rich cul-tural and religious diversity of our Nation. As a member of the Congressional Vietnam Cau-cus, it is critical that we continue to represent and celebrate our Vietnamese families, friends, and neighbors, and recognize their significant contributions to American society. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SALUD O. CARBAJAL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 14, 2017 Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, I was regret-tably detained on July 13, 2017 during Roll Call No. 360, the Blumenauer Amendment No. 13 to H.R. 2810. Had I been present, I would have voted AYE on Roll Call No. 360. HONORING WORLD WAR II VETERAN ED GREEN HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 14, 2017 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize my good friend Ed Green for his many years of service to this country, begin-ning with his time in the U.S. military and con-tinuing thereafter with his many philanthropic endeavors. During World War II, Ed proudly served as a member of the Navy, operating in a largely clandestine capacity. He lived and worked aboard armed Merchant Marine vessels, con-sistently risking his life to ensure the safety of those at home. Upon his honorable discharge from the Navy, Ed continued his selfless dedication to helping others. He became an active member of the Freeland American Legion Post 473, a group committed to mentoring youth and pro-moting patriotism, honor, and devotion to serv-ice members and veterans within its commu-nity. Ed was also involved with the long-standing Veterans of Foreign Wars 5010. He served as Commander of the Military Order of the Cooties Pup Tent 38 in order to help bring smiles to the faces of fellow veterans and resi-dents of the VFW National Home for Children. Ed’s service to his community extended to various local philanthropic projects. For 60 years, he placed flags on the headstones of veterans at Vine Street Cemetery, and when the Standard Speaker newspaper ceased printing flags next to the obituaries of vet-erans, Ed was responsible for having the newspaper reinstate the practice. Additionally, he spent more than 50 years fighting for dis-ability ratings from the Veterans Administration for hearing loss. He took the lead in orga-nizing countless events during the past many decades, including Flag Day, Veterans Day, and Memorial Day celebrations that took place at locations such as the Laurel Mall and Cal-vary Cemetery. There is no doubt as to the profound impact Ed has had on the lives of those around him. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing Ed for all he has sacrificed to serve our coun-try and for all he has contributed to the Hazelton community. 
f 
HONORING THE CAREER OF COM-MAND SERGEANT MAJOR SCOTT C. SCHROEDER 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 14, 2017 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the retirement of Command Ser-geant Major Scott C. Schroeder. After 31 years of dedicated service, Command Ser-geant Major Schroeder became the Command Sergeant Major for FORSCOM—a post he held for 3 years. After enlisting in the United States Army in 1983, he began his career as an electronics mechanic at Fort Bliss, Texas. Serving at mili-tary installations all over the world allowed Command Sergeant Major Schroeder to gain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:17 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JY8.015 E14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE993 July 14, 2017 
valuable experience that would help shape his long career. While stationed at Fort Bragg in North Carolina’s Eighth Congressional District, he served with the 2nd Battalion, 505th Para-chute Infantry Regiment, and 82nd Airborne Division. Deployed on numerous operational assign-ments all over the globe and through some of our nation’s toughest times, Command Ser-geant Major Schroeder stood ready to answer the call to serve our great country. Some of his most notable engagements were Operation Desert Storm in Saudi Arabia as part of the 82nd Airborne, and Operation Iraqi Freedom in Iraq as part of the 101st Airborne Division. Throughout these operations, he delivered on the promise to keep America safe and con-front our enemies head on under the most dif-ficult conditions. While fighting our nation’s battles overseas, Command Sergeant Major Schroeder had a full family at home. Residing in Charlotte, his wife of 26 years, Marla and he have 3 chil-dren. This country cannot repay the debt we owe to Command Sergeant Major Schroeder and his family; the Schroeders are true Amer-ican heroes. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in com-memorating the retirement of Command Ser-geant Major Scott C. Schroeder. 
f 
RECOGNIZING SOUTHERN ARIZONA EFFORTS TO ANTIMICROBIAL RESISTANCE 
HON. RAU´L M. GRIJALVA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 14, 2017 Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, one cannot overstate the immediate and extraordinary threat posed by antimicrobial resistance throughout this nation and around the globe. With that in mind, I wish to recognize the ex-ceptional work being done in Southern Arizona to combat this scourge. We know from the Centers for Disease Con-trol that each year in the United States, at least two million people become infected with bacteria that are resistant to antibiotics and some 23,000 die as a direct result. Experts suggest that based on current trends, anti-microbial resistance could become the world’s single greatest killer, surpassing heart disease and cancer, and posing a serious economic threat as well. In light of this, there is an ur-gent demand for the development of new anti-microbial compounds and faster diagnostic techniques to address this critical issue. Residents and visitors in Arizona’s Third Congressional District and surrounding areas are fortunate to have access to exceptional medical services, including those provided by Tucson Medical Center, Southern Arizona’s lo-cally governed nonprofit regional hospital and leading provider for emergency and pediatric care. TMC is among the first facilities in the na-tion to adopt the newest superbug-fighting technology. Using the Accelerate Pheno sys-tem, developed by Tucson’s Accelerate Diagnostics, Inc., TMC health professionals can rapidly detect and identify bacteria as well as determine which antibiotic is most appro-priate, and they can do this up to 40 hours faster than was possible using conventional techniques. I urge all the nation’s health facilities to prioritize efforts to combat antibiotic resistance using the best available technology, and rec-ognize TMC and Accelerate Diagnostics for being leaders on this critical issue. f 
COMMEMORATING BASTILLE DAY AND THE PEOPLE OF THE FRENCH REPUBLIC 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 14, 2017 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate Bastille Day. On this day we are reminded of the extraor-dinary resilience and democratic values that have made France an inspiration to the entire world. Today also marks the one-year anniversary of the devastating and tragic loss of life last year in Nice. We remember to keep the injured and the deceased in our hearts, and we remind our-selves of the strong, persevering character of the French Republic. Time and time again, all throughout history, the French were able to demonstrate strong leadership through tragic times, and that is why the United States stands in unyielding solidarity with the people of France, which like the United States, is one of the most wel-coming nations in the world. Mr. Speaker, for centuries Paris has been known to the world as the City of Light. The title is richly deserved, because Paris has been a world leader in the march of human progress in the arts, culture, science, democratic theory and governance. I am proud to mention that in my own city of Houston, we commemorate Bastille Day with special celebrations that feature art, danc-ing, and food. France embraces the challenges and oppor-tunities of the modern world. France, and the values it cherishes, show-cases a nation that has faced and prevailed against the most sinister of lethal adversaries. However, we will always ensure that they never confront these adversaries alone; they will be joined by the United States and the other countries of the civilized world. The French are justly proud of their national motto; ‘‘Liberte´, e´galite´, fraternite´,’’ (liberty, equality, fraternity) and no perpetrator can ever succeed in leading them to renounce their heritage of freedom and justice. 
f 
NO SANCTUARY FOR CRIMINALS ACT (H.R. 3003) AND KATE’S LAW (H.R. 3004) 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 14, 2017 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 3003 & H.R. 3004. The No Sanctuary for Criminals Act (H.R. 3003) is a misguided attempt to defund com-munities that have enacted separation ordi-nances so called ‘‘sanctuary cities’’. This legis-lation would force state and local law enforce-ment to comply with potentially unconstitu-tional federal immigration policies, or risk los-ing critical federal funding. Intimidating our communities by threatening to withhold federal funding will not fix our nation’s immigration system. H.R. 3003 will add to the workload of our already overburdened local law enforce-ment, and drive a wedge between them and the communities they serve. Chiefs of police across our country support the enactment of separation of ordinances in the cities they serve and protect because it builds trust and keeps communities safe. I include in the RECORD a letter from the Law Enforcement Immigration Task Force, which St. Paul Chief of Police Todd Axtell is a member, that ex-plains their strong opposition to this legislation. The federal government should not mandate that local law enforcement turn into Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement (ICE) officers. Kate’s Law (H.R. 3004) is also a step back-wards for our country. For the first time in our history, the United States would prosecute in-dividuals who voluntarily present themselves at the border to seek asylum or to seek pro-tection as a victim of human trafficking. This legislation would punish previously removed individuals who approach the border to apply for admission even if the individual has no criminal record or history of re-entries. I stand with my fellow Americans in uphold-ing this country as a welcoming one for immi-grants, and with my Democratic colleagues in supporting our local law enforcement with the tools they need to keep all our communities safe. 
LAWENFORCEMENT  I
MMIGRATION TASKFORCE , June 28, 2017. D
EAR MEMBER OF CONGRESS : As law en-forcement leaders dedicated to preserving the safety and security of our communities, we have concerns about legislative proposals that would attempt to impose punitive, ‘‘one-size-fits-all’’ policies on state and local law enforcement. Rather than strengthening state and local law enforcement by providing us with the tools to work with the Depart-ment of Homeland Security (DHS) in a man-ner that is responsive to the needs of our communities, these proposals would rep-resent a step backwards. Attempts to defund so-called sanctuary cities regularly sweep too broadly, punishing jurisdictions that engage in well-established community policing practices or adhere to federal court decisions that have found fed-eral immigration detainers to violate con-stitutional protections. We oppose these ap-proaches and urge Congress to work to en-courage—rather than compel—law enforce-ment agency cooperation within our federal system. We believe that law enforcement should not cut corners. Multiple federal courts have questioned the legality and constitutionality of federal immigration detainers that are not accompanied by a criminal warrant signed by a judge. Even though the legality of such immigration holds is doubtful, some have proposed requiring states and localities to enforce them, shielding them from lawsuits. While this approach would reduce potential legal liability faced by some jurisdictions and departments, we are concerned these proposals would still require our agencies and officers carry out federal directives that could violate the U.S. Constitution, which we are sworn to follow. Immigration enforcement is, first and fore-most, a federal responsibility. Making our communities safer means better defining roles and improving relationships between 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:17 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JY8.020 E14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE994 July 14, 2017 
local law enforcement and federal immigra-tion authorities. But in attempting to defund ‘‘sanctuary cities’’ and require state and local law enforcement to carry out the federal government’s immigration enforce-ment responsibilities, the federal govern-ment would be substituting its judgment for the judgment of state and local law enforce-ment agencies. Local control has been a ben-eficial approach for law enforcement for dec-ades -having the federal government compel state and local law enforcement to carry out new and sometimes problematic tasks under-mines the delicate federal balance and will harm locally-based policing. Rather than requiring state and local law enforcement agencies to engage in additional immigration enforcement activities, Con-gress should focus on overdue reforms of the broken immigration system to allow state and local law enforcement to focus their re-sources on true threats -dangerous criminals and criminal organizations. We believe that state and local law enforcement must work together with federal authorities to protect our communities and that we can best serve our communities by leaving the enforcement of immigration laws to the federal govern-ment. Threatening the removal of valuable grant funding that contributes to the health and well-being of communities across the na-tion would not make our communities safer and would not fix any part of our broken im-migration system. Our immigration problem is a national problem deserving of a national approach, and we continue to recognize that what our broken system truly needs is a permanent legislative solution—broad-based immigra-tion reform. Sincerely, Chief Chris Magnus, Tucson, AZ Chief Roy Minter, Peoria, AZ Chief Sylvia Moir, Tempe, AZ Ret. Chief Roberto Villasenor, Tucson, AZ Chief Charlie Beck, Los Angeles, CA Ret. Chief James Lopez, Los Angeles County, CA Sheriff Margaret Mims, Fresno County, CA Sheriff Mike Chitwood, Volusia County, FL Sheriff Paul Fitzgerald, Story County, IA Chief Wayne Jerman, Cedar Rapids, IA Sheriff Bill McCarthy, Polk County, IA Public Safety Director, Mark Prosser, Storm Lake, IA Sheriff Lonny Pulkrabek, Johnson County, IA Chief Mike Tupper, Marshalltown, IA Chief William Bones, Boise, ID Ret. Chief Ron Teachman, South Bend, IN Ret. Chief James Hawkins, Garden City, KS Commissioner William Evans, Boston, MA Chief Ken Ferguson, Framingham, MA Chief Brian Kyes, Chelsea, MA Chief Tom Manger, Montgomery County, MD Chief Todd Axtell, Saint Paul, MN Sheriff Eli Rivera, Cheshire County, NH Chief Richard Biehl, Dayton, OH Chief Cel Rivera, Lorain, OH Public Safety Commissioner Steven Pare, Providence, RI Chief William Holbrook, Columbia, SC Sheriff Leon Lott, Richland County, SC Ret. Chief Fred Fletcher, Chattanooga, TN Chief Art Acevedo, Houston, TX Sheriff Edward Gonzalez, Harris County, TX Sheriff Sally Hernandez, Travis County, TX Chief Brian Manley, Austin, TX Sheriff Lupe Valdez, Dallas County, TX Ret. Chief Chris Burbank, Salt Lake City, UT Chief Kathleen O’Toole, Seattle, WA Sheriff John Urquhart, King County, WA Asst. Chief Randy Gaber, Madison, WI Chief Michael Koval, Madison, WI Chief Todd Thomas, Appleton, WI 
*Signatures updated as of June 28, 2017 5 PM ET. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 14, 2017 Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained on July 13, 2017 during the Roll Call No. 369 vote, the Hartzler Amendment No. 10 to H.R. 2810. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY on Roll Call No. 369. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 100TH ANNI-VERSARY OF PEORIA HEIGHTS FIRE DEPARTMENT 
HON. DARIN LaHOOD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 14, 2017 Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize Peoria Heights Fire Department of Peoria, Illinois, for celebrating their 100th An-niversary. In 1917, Peoria Heights Fire Department was chartered to provide protection for the vil-lage and its inhabitants. Since then, the de-partment has grown immensely; it now pro-vides fire suppression, fire prevention, tech-nical rescue response, and emergency med-ical services. Over the past 100 years, these men and women have shown their dedication and service to the greater Peoria area by working countless hours to keep our neigh-bors, friends, and families safe. Peoria Heights Fire Department protects a total of 6,800 inhabitants and is known throughout Central Illinois for their hard work, dedication, and sacrifice. Today, we thank and celebrate them for their dedication to serving the greater Peoria area. I extend my sincere congratulations to Peoria Heights Fire Depart-ment for a successful 100 years, and I wish them another 100 years of success and good fortune. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE MEN AND WOMEN OF ALABAMA ARMY NA-TIONAL GUARD’S 115TH EXPEDI-TIONARY SIGNAL BATTALION ON THEIR DEPLOYMENT TO THE MIDDLE EAST 
HON. ROBERT B. ADERHOLT 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 14, 2017 Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize the men and women who proudly make up the Alabama Army National Guard’s 115th Expeditionary Signal Battalion as they deploy to the Middle East in defense of our nation. The 115th has a rich history of service to America. The unit was organized in December 1940 as the 2nd Battalion, 151st Engineers, a little less than a year before our nation would enter World War Two. In early 1941, the unit was called into fed-eral service to participate in maneuvers in Louisiana as the War Department geared up for the threat of war. In January of 1942, just after America en-tered the war, the unit moved to Alaska to help protect American territory from the Japa-nese. Service during World War Two also in-cluded deployments to England and France. The unit would be called into federal service once more in 1963. The men and women of the 115th would again answer our nation’s call to service after the attacks of September 11, 2001 amidst our efforts to neutralize terrorist threats around the world. The first call to support the War on Ter-rorism would be in 2003 as part of Operation Iraqi Freedom, returning home in 2005. Then, in 2011, the unit would be sent to Afghanistan as part of Operation Enduring Freedom. Now, in 2017, like so many Alabama Guard Units, the 115th which has companies in Flor-ence, Haleyville and Huntsville, is once again standing up to serve our nation. The unit will be sent to the Middle East to support and de-fend our nation’s vital interests abroad. Mr. Speaker, Congress’ appreciation along with our continued admiration for these men and women and the service they provide to the United States of America are reflected here today. f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND ACHIEVEMENTS OF ROSEANN BURKART SERRANO 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 14, 2017 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and achievements of Mrs. RoseAnn Burkart Serrano. Mrs. Serrano dedi-cated her life to serving her family and her community. She was a volunteer, member, manager, board member, and president of many organizations, both in Le Grand and in the surrounding areas of Chowchilla, Merced, Fresno, Mariposa, and Planada. Mrs. Serrano is a shining example of what it means to make a difference in the world, and she serves as a model of determination and selflessness for all who knew her. Born in Fresno, Mrs. Serrano graduated from San Joaquin Memorial High School in 1962 before earning a degree in Liberal Stud-ies from Fresno City College. Mrs. Serrano continued her education at California State University, Fresno, where she was a music and history major. At Fresno State, Mrs. Serrano served as the district secretary for the college Catholic organization and met her fu-ture husband, David Serrano, through her membership in the Newman Club at the St. Paul Newman Center. After their marriage, Mrs. Serrano began working with her husband at his agricultural business, and she soon be-came an integral part of Serrano Farms. Be-sides being a full-time homemaker and moth-er, Mrs. Serrano irrigated, ran machinery in their almond orchards and cotton fields, and managed the farm’s business records and payroll. In addition to her role at Serrano Farms, Mrs. Serrano was active in numerous organi-zations, such as California Women for Agri-culture, USDA Farm Services Agency Com-mittee, the National Federation of Independent Business, and the Plainsburg Elementary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:17 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JY8.023 E14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE995 July 14, 2017 
School Board. Mrs. Serrano also volunteered in more local settings, from planning the Le Grand Community Day and Our Lady of Lourdes Parish Dinner, to serving on the Plainsburg Election Board and helping the Plainsburg Library. Additionally, Mrs. Serrano was a regular accompanist and choir singer at Our Lady of Lourdes Catholic Church, where she became the local go-to pianist and organ-ist for weddings and funerals. Mrs. Serrano was recognized for her ac-complishments and service on numerous oc-casions. In 1994, she and her husband were awarded the State of California Governor’s Small Business Award for Small Business Per-son of the Year. In 2008, they were also rec-ognized as Le Grand Community Day Citizens of the Year. In 2014, the California Agricultural Leadership Foundation at California State Uni-versity, Fresno selected Mrs. Serrano as a ‘‘Common Threads Honoree,’’ honoring her for community service and philanthropic endeav-ors. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in recognizing the life and achievements of Mrs. RoseAnn Burkart Serrano. The Merced community mourns Mrs. Serrano’s passing, but rejoices in her lasting impact and legacy. She could always tell when someone needed her help or a smile, and she was always will-ing to extend her hand in friendship and open her heart with compassion. Her wisdom, mentorship, and persevering spirit continue to inspire her family and countless others to strive for excellence and serve their commu-nities. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 14, 2017 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House chamber for Roll Call vote 367 on Thursday, July 13, 2017. Had I been present, I would have voted No on Roll Call vote 367. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 
SPEECH OF  
HON. DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 13, 2017 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2810) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes: 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chair, I strongly oppose the Perry amendment, that would strike section 336 of the National De-fense Authorization Act bill under consider-ation by the House. Section 336 is a commonsense and essen-tial provision that simply acknowledges the fact that climate change is an urgent and di-rect threat not only to our national security, but also to our armed forces and our military in-stallations around the world. This amendment would weaken our national security by pre-venting our military from planning and pre-paring to best meet these threats. Despite the consensus view of the world’s climate scientists that human actions are ac-celerating climate changes through our exces-sive carbon emissions, there continue to be some Members of this body that hope if we don’t assess the threat too closely, it will go away. As Members of this body, we have sworn to protect the public welfare from all threats, for-eign and domestic. And make no mistake, our changing climate—fueled by humanity’s enor-mous carbon emissions—is exactly such a threat. But don’t take my word for it. The words of Defense Secretary James Mattis that are in-cluded in the text of this bill are instructive, and deleting them through this amendment will make them no less true. He said, ‘‘I agree that the effects of a changing climate—such as in-creased maritime access to the Arctic, rising sea levels, desertification, among others—im-pact our security situation . . . [and] it is ap-propriate . . . to incorporate drivers of insta-bility that impact the security environment . . . into [our] planning.’’ And as former Chief of Staff of the U.S. Army Gordon Sullivan has stated: ‘‘Climate change is a national security issue. We found that climate instability will lead to instability in geopolitics and impact American military oper-ations around the world.’’ The bipartisan language of section 336 goes on to state that, ‘‘a three-foot rise in sea levels will threaten the operations of more than 128 United States military sites, and it is possible that many of these at-risk bases could be sub-merged in the coming years.’’ For my district in South Florida, we don’t have to look to the future to see the threat posed by rising temperatures. Climate change is a threat today. Sea levels have already risen nine inches in the last several decades and, according to FIU’s Sea Level Solutions Center, we could see up to another six inches of sea level rise in just over a dozen years. Today ‘‘king tides’’ cause flooding in low- lying communities several times a year. We cannot afford another six inches, let alone an-other three feet of ocean water. And our ma-rine ecosystems and corals are also under at-tack from increased acidification caused by carbon dioxide absorption in ocean waters. As Members of Congress, we have a duty to the taxpayers of this country not only to protect our communities from the worst effects of climate change, but also to ensure that we spend wisely on national defense and inter-national assistance for humanitarian and dis-aster response. It is therefore imperative that our military leaders be allowed to assess the vulnerabilities to our military installations and ensure we build in resiliency so that our mili-tary is ready to meet the challenges ahead. Simply put, we should give our military leaders the tools they need to protect the American public. Section 336 does exactly that and this amendment must be rejected. Whether out of concern for our national de-fense, our public health, our environment, the economic well-being of our communities, or for all of these reasons, I urge my colleagues to oppose this ill-advised amendment. RECOGNIZING OUR NATION’S COM-MUNITY CORRECTIONS PROFES-SIONALS DURING PRETRIAL, PROBATION AND PAROLE SUPER-VISION WEEK 2017 HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 14, 2017 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the nation’s community corrections professionals and the vital role they play in en-hancing public safety throughout the United States. In honor of the invaluable contributions of these dedicated public servants, the Amer-ican Probation and Parole Association (APPA) and its associated members have designated the week of July 17 through 23 ‘‘Pretrial, Pro-bation and Parole Supervision Week 2017.’’ I thank the thousands of men and women who perform these important public safety duties, and urge my colleagues in the House of Rep-resentatives to join me in support of APPA’s week-long recognition efforts this year. In my congressional district, the nation’s capital, thousands of women and men serve as pretrial, probation and parole officers or ad-ministrators. As public servants, these con-stituents, along with many other Americans, commit themselves on a daily basis to helping improve the lives of those involved in the criminal justice system. The work of these pro-fessionals ultimately results in stronger and safer communities for all. Community corrections professionals are re-sponsible for the supervision of adult and juve-nile offenders in communities throughout our nation. These trained professionals go above and beyond the call of duty by connecting their clients to supportive services, community- based resources, employment opportunities, housing programs and other evidence-based practices that help individuals successfully complete supervision and reenter society. Community corrections professionals strive to provide these services and support, while si-multaneously providing client surveillance, crime prevention and restorative justice. In honor of Pretrial, Probation and Parole Supervision Week 2017, I take the opportunity to recognize those who carry out community corrections and supervision services here in the District of Columbia, including the officers and professionals of the Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency for the District of Columbia (CSOSA). CSOSA and the Pretrial Services Agency for the District of Columbia (PSA) are dedi-cated to reducing recidivism and enhancing public safety in the nation’s capital. CSOSA and PSA are recognized as model community supervision entities because of their use of evidence-based practices and community part-nerships. On any given day, CSOSA is responsible for supervising approximately 11,000 individ-uals on probation, parole or supervised re-lease, while PSA supervises over 17,000 de-fendants over the course of a year. Charged with having to balance issues of public safety with social services and reentry support, the employees of CSOSA and PSA help to en-hance the security of everyone who lives, works or visits the District. Mr. Speaker, again, I extend my gratitude to these public servants for their commitment, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:17 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JY8.027 E14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE996 July 14, 2017 
compassion and contributions to healthier and safer communities throughout the United States. I ask the House of Representatives to join me in acknowledging the impact commu-nity corrections professionals have on the quality of life of all Americans throughout our country by recognizing July 17 through 23 as Pretrial, Probation and Parole Supervision Week 2017. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 14, 2017 Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, on Wednesday, July 12, 2017, I was ab-sent from the House during the second vote series because I was unavoidably detained. Due to my absence, I did not record any votes for the second vote series. Had I been present, I would have voted: nay on Roll Call Votes 350 and 351, and aye on Roll Call Vote 352. 
f 
IN HONOR OF REVEREND DR. RALPH WALTER HULING 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 14, 2017 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor an outstanding Man of God, and friend of long standing, Reverend Dr. Ralph Walter Huling, who will celebrate his 30th anniversary as the distinguished pastor of St. James Missionary Baptist Church in Co-lumbus, Georgia. An anniversary worship service will be held on Sunday, August 6, 2017 at the church at 5214 St. James Street in Columbus. Dr. Huling is a native of Columbus, Georgia. He served our nation honorably as a Chaplain Assistant in the U.S. Army. He earned a Bach-elor of Science degree and a Master of Science degree from Troy State University in Phenix City, Alabama and went on to earn a Doctorate in Pastoral Theology from Anderson Theological Seminary in Camilla, Georgia. He utilizes his education to further the next gen-eration by serving as an Adjunct Professor of Psychology at both Chattahoochee Valley Community College and Columbus Technical College. Throughout his pastoral career, Dr. Huling has played a leading role in several religious- affiliated and community-based organizations. In addition to serving as Pastor of St. James Missionary Baptist Church, he has also pastored at New Hope Baptist Church in Lumpkin, Georgia for 24 years. He is the President of the Interdenominational Ministe-rial Alliance; faculty member of the National Baptist Convention; certified dean in the Na-tional Baptist Congress of Christian Education; moderator of the Mt. Moriah Baptist Associa-tion; and International Instructor in the Ger-many Congress of Christian Education. In ad-dition, he has served as the President of the Columbus Clergy Class. Not one to rest on his laurels, Dr. Huling is an active member of many civic organizations where he continuously seeks to pour his time and energy into his community. He is the President of 100 Black Men of Columbus; 2nd Vice Chairman of the Urban League Board of Directors; Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Enrichment Service Program; and a member of the Who’s Who Board of Directors for Non-Profits of Georgia. He serves on the Board of Directors of Head Start and the Board of Directors for the Golf Authority in Co-lumbus, Georgia. Dr. Huling is a strong advocate for restoring the family unit. He retired as a Family Service Coordinator from the Muscogee County School District. In addition, Dr. Huling wrote a book titled, ‘‘The Biblical and Cultural Con-cepts of Marriage and Family Life.’’ He travels around the world teaching and counseling couples and those seeking to be married. He has received numerous humanitarian awards including the President Award from the Geor-gia Family Service Coordinators Association. Dr. Huling has achieved much in his life but none of it would be possible without the love and support of his loving wife of 35 years, Dorothy; his daughters, Nekita and Daisha; and grandson, Nolan. Mr. Speaker, today I ask my colleagues to join me, the congregation of St. James Mis-sionary Baptist Church, and the more than 730,000 residents of Georgia’s Second Con-gressional District in extending our sincerest congratulations to the Reverend Dr. Ralph Walter Huling. A man of great accomplish-ment, he is an outstanding mentor, strong leader, and prominent community activist, but above all, he is a faithful servant of God. 
f 
HONORING THE 185TH ANNIVERSARY OF SAXONBURG 
HON. MIKE KELLY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 14, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Borough of Saxonburg in honor of their 185th Anniversary. Located in Butler County Pennsylvania and home to approximately 1,500 residents, Saxonburg is a quaint town with a significant history. Named for the German state of Saxony, Saxonburg was founded in 1832 by immigrant John Roebling, an admirable architect and en-gineer. Roebling, whose presence can still be seen and felt today, is responsible for design-ing the town of Saxonburg and creating an ag-ricultural community that offered immigrants a new life in America. Roebling revolutionized the art of bridge building when he invented the wire rope from his workshop in Saxonburg, which now serves as a museum and historical landmark for tour-ists. On July 16, 1842, Roebling was granted a patent for his wire rope invention, marking this year as the 175th Anniversary of Roebling’s impact on bridge construction and worldwide transportation in general. Although Saxonburg has seen many im-provements and updates, there has also been a collective effort to maintain its original and unique character. There are countless historic landmarks and structures that have been pre-served and maintained, telling the story of days gone by. Saxonburg captured the des-ignation of a historic district on the national level in 2004 and on the state level in 2008, which is a testament to the overall importance of this specific area. If you have the privilege to visit Saxonburg, you will gain a solid under-standing of its iconic legacy and unique roots. Present day citizens of Saxonburg are jus-tifiably proud of their past, especially as they reach these type of momentous milestones. Therefore, as the people of Saxonburg cele-brate the anniversary of their founding, I con-gratulate them on the past 185 years of expe-riences and accomplishments and wish them continued happiness and success moving for-ward. f 
HONORING SONIA SEPULVEDA- DEMPSEY 
HON. VICENTE GONZALEZ 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 14, 2017 Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Sonia Sepulveda- Dempsey, who was recently inducted into the Rio Grande Valley Sports Hall of Fame. Sonia began running competitively when she was in the seventh grade. While a student at Edinburg High School, she qualified for state three times. Sonia excelled on the track and was recruited heavily by many colleges and universities in the state of Texas. She eventually chose to attend Baylor University in Waco, Texas, where she joined their Track and Field Program. During her college years, Sonia was part of the second fastest relay team in Baylor’s history. Inspired by her first grade teacher, who she refers to as her ‘‘haven,’’ Sonia became an educator following her graduation from Baylor. She currently works as a testing facilitator at Edinburg North High School, where her hus-band serves as the band director. Sonia has been an educator for two decades. She also periodically gives motivational speeches to student athletes, a testament to her passion for athletics and commitment to student ath-letes. Mr. Speaker, I applaud Sonia Sepulveda- Dempsey on the occasion of her induction to the Rio Grande Valley Sports Hall of Fame, and recognize her contributions to education and student athletes in South Texas. Today, I am proud to honor Sonia Sepulveda- Dempsey. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GARY GREENE, ESQ. AND HIS BIG BAND OF BAR-RISTERS 
HON. BRAD SHERMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 14, 2017 Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to the Big Band of Barristers and to recognize their founder, attorney Gary S. Greene. Gary Greene, Esq. and His Big Band of Barristers perform music from the Golden Era of Big Band Swing. Gary S. Greene organized the band in December 2011 as an adjunct to the 75-member Los Angeles Lawyers Phil-harmonic and the 100-member chorus, Legal Voices. These musicians are civil litigators, trial attorneys, in–house counsels, sole practi-tioners, partners at law firms, judges and jus-tices, paralegals, law students and the like. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:17 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JY8.030 E14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE997 July 14, 2017 
The members include conservatory graduates and professional musicians as well as some who only played in their youth. The mission of these musical groups is to bring the legal community together in harmony to perform concerts and raise funds for organi-zations providing legal services for those who cannot afford them as well as for other chari-table causes and civic events. The Big Band has performed concerts for the American Dia-betes Association, the American Legion, Shriners Hospitals for Children, The Thalians, Magen David Adom, the City of Hope, Holly-wood Remembers World AIDS Day, Ascencia (raising funds for housing for the homeless), the Beverly Hills Bar Association’s 80th and 85th Anniversaries, Loyola Law School’s 50th Anniversary and for justices of the California Supreme Court. On Friday evening, July 14, 2017, Maestro Greene and the Big Band of Barristers will perform in the Great Hall of the Library of Congress. Speakers at this program include the Librarian of Congress, Dr. Carla Hayden, and Thomas V. Girardi, Esq. Mr. Speaker, I ask all of my House col-leagues to join me in congratulating Maestro Greene and his Big Band of Barristers along with the Los Angeles Lawyers Philharmonic for all their achievements. 
f 
HONORING THE RETIREMENT OF COLONEL CHRISTOPHER T. DREW 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 14, 2017 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I am ex-tremely grateful for the opportunity, on behalf of myself and my constituents, to honor Colo-nel Christopher T. Drew, District Commander for the United States Army Corps of Engineers (USACE)—Chicago District. Throughout his command, Colonel Drew has shown unwaver-ing dedication to improving the quality of life for the people of the District under his com-mand. Colonel Drew will relinquish his com-mand to Colonel Aaron W. Reisinger on July 21, 2017, at which time he will complete his exemplary career in the United States Army. In 1992, Colonel Drew began his selfless twenty-five year military career in the United States Army. Throughout the years, Colonel Drew completed tours in Texas, New York, California, Missouri, and Kansas, before arriv-ing in Chicago. He was also deployed several times, serving in Operation Uphold Democracy in Haiti, Operation Enduring Freedom in Af-ghanistan, and Operation Iraqi Freedom in Iraq. Colonel Drew handled every assignment with courage, honor, and merit. He is regarded as a most gifted teacher who excels at bring-ing people together to solve problems and helping individuals become the best versions of themselves. For his distinguished service, Colonel Drew is the recipient of numerous awards and citations, including two Bronze Star Medals, two Defense Meritorious Service Medals, four Army Meritorious Service Medals, four Army Commendation Medals, five Army Achievement Medals, one Joint Meritorious Unit Award, and two Meritorious Unit Com-mendations, as well as the Sapper Tab, Rang-er Tab, Air Assault Badge, and Parachutist Badge. Colonel Drew took command of the USACE—Chicago District in 2014. During his time as District Commander in Chicago, his leadership has played a significant role in the organization’s accomplishments, most notably in Northwest Indiana. The USACE initiated an ecosystem restoration project at the Portage Lakefront Park in 2015, in which sixty-five acres were restored, complementing the in-vestments made previously by the USACE to open up public access to Lake Michigan. In East Chicago, Colonel Drew joined city offi-cials to break ground on a shoreline restora-tion project that will enhance amenities to allow residents to enjoy the lakefront, while benefiting a diverse ecosystem. Stormwater and sanitary sewer projects were initiated by the Colonel’s leadership, in partnership with local sponsors in various communities, which improve water quality throughout the region and ultimately improve the quality of life for residents in numerous communities. Work continues on the Little Calumet River Flood Control and Recreation Project, which protects residents along the river and creates opportu-nities for increased economic development, and the dredging of the Indiana Harbor Ship Canal carries on apace. These projects and others stand testament to Colonel Drew’s commitment to the USACE’s mission to work with its partners to energize the nation’s econ-omy through its civil works projects, as they likewise improve the quality of place in areas such as Northwest Indiana, I am grateful for his generosity of spirit, his meticulous work ethic, and his dedicated life of service. Colonel Drew’s outstanding career is ex-ceeded only by his devotion to his beautiful family. He and his amazing wife, Rochelle, have two beloved children, Ian and Amara. Mr. Speaker, Colonel Drew has selflessly served his country and his fellow Americans. He has been a steadfast and proven leader throughout his remarkable career, one that has been instrumental in producing and devel-oping the talents of the next generation. I re-spectfully ask that you and my other distin-guished colleagues join me in honoring Colo-nel Christopher T. Drew for his honorable service to the United States of America and in wishing him well upon his retirement. 
f 
SUPPORT OF FY18 NDAA 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 14, 2017 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R. 2810, the FY 2018 National Defense Authorization Act. As a Member of Congress, one of my most sacred duties is to help promote and ensure the safe-ty and security of our nation. We are truly grateful and indebted to the brave men and women who have sacrificed their lives to pro-tect our freedom and democracy. This legisla-tion takes great strides towards ensuring that our military is equipped with the most ad-vanced, state of the art technology and mili-tary capabilities to defend and protect our na-tion from ongoing and emerging threats across the world. The FY 2018 NDAA bill authorizes $630 billion for base budget requirements as well as $64.6 billion for Overseas Contingency Operations. Additionally, this legislation con-tains several provisions that would equip, sup-ply, and train our troops; provide resources for them and their families; and set national secu-rity policy for threats at home and abroad. I am particularly pleased to see that this bill prioritizes the readiness of U.S. Cyber Com-mand, cyber mission forces, and cyber war-fare tools and capabilities, including initiatives to strengthen the cyber workforce and strengthens congressional oversight of these capabilities. While I am supportive of the funding allo-cated to these critically important defense pro-grams, I continue to have strong concerns about Congress’ inability to make difficult fund-ing decisions as it relates to our national secu-rity priorities. The hard reality is that the over-all top line discretionary budget authority in this bill will likely prove to be fiscally unwork-able at the end of the legislative and budget process. Ultimately, I am deeply concerned that many of these initiatives will potentially be funded at the expense of vital domestic spending programs. While robust funding of our national security is paramount, it is equally as important that we continue to provide es-sential funding for domestic programs that help educate our children, ensure every Amer-ican has access to quality and affordable healthcare, and repair our deteriorating infra-structure. We cannot have a safe and secure country if our people lack the resources nec-essary to be financially and socially secure. Funding for vitally important programs that help millions of Americans across the country prosper should not be an either or proposition. I urge my colleagues to support the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. f 
HONORING EDWARD CARL DEUTSCHMAN 
HON. JIMMY PANETTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 14, 2017 Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Edward Carl Deutschman for his out-standing service to our nation. A longtime resi-dent of the central coast of California and a fellow sailor, he passed away this June at the age of 93. Not long after graduating high school in 1941, Mr. Deutschman enlisted in the Navy and attended the Del Monte Pre-Flight School in Monterey. Today, this site is the center of the renewed Naval Post Graduate School, one of many prominent military institutions in my district. During WWII, Mr. Deutschman was soon assigned to the USS Intrepid and flew over the Pacific Ocean on many combat missions. He flew a Corsair as a member of the Grim Reaper VF–10 Squadron in April of 1945, pro-viding vital air cover for Marines. Mr. Deutschman was also a lead pilot during the amphibious assault of Okinawa—the final and largest of the Pacific island battles during World War II. Later he participated in an air raid over Tokyo. The anti-aircraft fire was so intense that, as he later put it, ‘‘you could al-most get out of the plane and walk on the stuff coming up.’’ Years after, he maintained close ties to the pilots who fought beside him, re-uniting with them each year to reminisce in old stories and enduring friendships. Mr. Deutschman returned to the mainland and swapped his cockpit for the classroom. Armed with an undergraduate degree in busi-ness from California State University–Fresno 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:17 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K14JY8.004 E14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE998 July 14, 2017 
and a graduate degree in education from the University of Southern California, he discov-ered his passion for teaching. Over more than thirty years as an elementary school teacher, principal, and assistant superintendent, Mr. Deutschman made a positive impact on the lives of thousands of students. In his retirement, he returned to California’s Central Coast and continued his goodwill on behalf of organizations like the Grey Bears, Boy Scouts of America, Rotary International, and as a board member of Good Shepherd Housing. Edward Deutschman represented the best of his time, not only as a solider and edu-cator, but as a dedicated family man to his late wife Katherine Bell Thomas, children Kathleen Deutschman Scott, Robert Edward Deutschman, granddaughter Tigest Scott Macauley, and great-grandsons Ibrahim Macauley and Abdul Rahman Macauley. On behalf of California’s 20th District, it is my honor to recognize this American hero, Ed-ward Carl Deutschman. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:17 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K14JY8.007 E14JYPT1
D775 Friday, July 14, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-journed until 3 p.m., on Monday, July 17, 2017. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 21 pub-lic bills, H.R. 3241–3261; and 5 resolutions, H.Res 446–450 were introduced.
                            Pages H5884–85 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H5885–86 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 1422, to amend the Flood Disaster Protec-tion Act of 1973 to require that certain buildings and personal property be covered by flood insurance, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–220); H.R. 2565, to require the use of replacement cost value in determining the premium rates for flood in-surance coverage under the National Flood Insurance Act, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–221); and H.R. 806, to facilitate efficient State implementa-tion of ground-level ozone standards, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–222). 
                                                                                            Page H5884 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Simpson to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H5835 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018: The House passed H.R. 2810, to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, and to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, by a recorded vote of 344 ayes to 81 noes, Roll No. 378. Consider-ation began Wednesday, July 12th.
        Pages H5867–68 
Rejected the Michelle Lujan Grisham (NM) mo-tion to recommit the bill to the Committee on Armed Services with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a recorded vote of 190 ayes to 235 noes, Roll No. 377.                                                                          Pages H5866–67 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes.’’.
                                                                     Page H5868 
Agreed to: Thornberry en bloc amendment No. 3 consisting of the following amendments printed in H. Rept. 115–217: DesJarlais (No. 16) that requires National Nuclear Security Administration to provide Congress with a list of unfunded requirements; Plaskett (No. 49) that converts the Overseas Housing Allowance to Basic Housing Allowance for the US Virgin Islands; Bera (No. 54) that requires a report from the De-fense Department on its activities and priorities with respect to infectious disease; Kuster (No. 55) that al-lows DoD to support VA in their adoption of an Electronic Health Record System and to require DoD and VA to jointly submit annual reports to Congress on their progress in developing a fully interoperable health record; Jackson Lee (No. 56) that calls for increased collaboration with NIH to combat Triple Negative Breast Cancer; Soto (No. 57) that encourages the transition of military medical professionals into employment with the Veterans Health Administration upon discharge or separation from the Armed Forces; Conaway (No. 58) that re-peals subsection 190(f) of title 10, United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14JY7.REC D14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD776 July 14, 2017 
Code, to ensure a consistent approach is used to de-termine when qualified private auditors should con-duct incurred cost audits for Department of Defense contracts; Pittenger (No. 59) that prohibits DOD from contracting with telecom firms found by ODNI to be complicit with DPRK cyberattacks; DeSantis (No. 60) that requires an assessment on procurement from Chinese companies providing sup-port to the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea and authorizes the Secretary of Defense to terminate contracts based on a determination informed by the assessment; Velazquez (No. 61) that adds the thresh-old for construction contracts that must be bonded under the Miller Act as an exclusion, since increas-ing this threshold exposes more small construction businesses to loss of payment protection on federal construction projects; Murphy (FL) (No. 62) that au-thorizes Procurement Technical Assistance Centers, established pursuant to the Procurement Technical Assistance Program administered by the Defense Lo-gistics Agency, to assist eligible small business own-ers in pursuing opportunities during all phases of the Small Business Innovation Research and Small Business Technology Transfer programs, which en-able small businesses to engage in federal research and development that has the potential for commer-cialization; Fitzpatrick (No. 63) that directs the Sec-retary of Defense to raise the priority of completing DOD Directive 2310.07E in order to clarify proc-esses and efficiencies in recovering the remains of he-roes missing in action, via the POW/MIA Account-ing Agency; Soto (No. 64) that requires the Sec-retary of Defense to brief the House Armed Services Committee on a strategy to ensure that there is suf-ficient expertise, oversight, and policy direction on developmental test and evaluation within the Office of the Secretary of Defense after the completion of the reorganization of such Office required under sec-tion 901 of Public Law 114–328; Schiff (No. 65) that expresses a sense of Congress that in the interest of justice and efficiency, military judges should pro-vide victims of terrorism and their families the op-portunity to provide recorded testimony; Schiff (No. 66) that allows military judges to use video confer-encing to improve efficiencies of military commis-sions; Schiff (No. 67) that requires proceedings for military commissions to be publicly available on the internet; Kildee (No. 68) that requires the Adminis-tration to articulate projected casualties and costs as-sociated with the deployments of members of the Armed Force to Afghanistan as well as the objectives of said deployments and a timeline to achieve these objectives; Delaney (No. 69) that limits funds that support the closure of a bio-safety level 4 lab until the federal agencies who rely on the lab have cer-tified to Congress that the closure will not nega-tively affect biodefense capabilities; Comstock (No. 70) that strikes language regarding the elimination of the STARBASE Report, and adds the STARBASE Report to the list of ‘Preservation of Certain Addi-tional Reports’; and Carbajal (No. 71) that strikes language that would remove a National Guard Youth Challenge Report;
                              Pages H5840–45 
Thornberry en bloc amendment No. 4 consisting of the following amendments printed in H. Rept. 115–217: Gottheimer (No. 72) that strikes the lan-guage that eliminates an annual report to Congress on support to law enforcement agencies conducting counter-terrorism activities; Fitzpatrick (No. 73) that directs the Secretary of Defense to conduct a study on the related health effects of exposure to PFOS/ PFOA at military installations; Boyle (No. 74) that expresses the sense of Congress that it is in the na-tional security interest of the Department of Defense to assist Ukraine to improve its cybersecurity capa-bilities; Eddie Bernice Johnson (TX) (No. 75) that requires the Secretary of the Army to construct a memorial marker at Arlington National Cemetery to honor the three astronauts who died in the Apollo 1 spacecraft fire; Wilson (SC) (No. 76) that requires the President to submit a comprehensive, inter-agency strategy for countering violent extremist groups that pose a threat to the United States or its interests; Thornberry (No. 77) that requires a com-prehensive report on defense industrial base vulnerabilities and the concentration of purchases; also creates a database of certain transactions and purchases involving foreign persons; Moulton (No. 78) that establishes Congressional Charter to enable Spirit of America to assist the Department of De-fense to utilize donated assistance to meet needs and support of U.S. missions abroad; Connolly (No. 79) that directs the Secretary of Defense to conduct a re-view of existing DoD policy on DoD civilian em-ployee air travel to and from Afghanistan in order to explore commercial or alternative air travel for DoD civilian employees; Davidson (No. 80) that re-quires collaboration between FAA and DOD on un-manned aircraft systems research and development of standards and policies; Rohrabacher (No. 81) that adds a stipulation requiring that, prior to the dis-bursement of certain funds, the Secretary of Defense certify to Congress that Pakistan is not using its military or any funds or equipment provided by the United States to persecute minority groups seeking political or religious freedom; Poe (TX) (No. 82) that adds an additional certification criteria required for waiving coalition support funds to Pakistan; the new addition requires the Secretary of Defense to certify Pakistan is not providing military, financial, or logistical support to specially designated global terrorists operating in Afghanistan or Pakistan; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14JY7.REC D14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D777 July 14, 2017 
Moore (No. 83) that requires the U.S. strategy on Syria to identify State Department and Defense De-partment funding by year to implement it, to iden-tify the legal authority for U.S. forces in Syria to ac-complish military objectives; requires a separate as-sessment of how the humanitarian situation in Syria affects the achievement of U.S. goals, including how the U.S. intends to respond to the humanitarian cri-sis including aiding Syrian refugees and internally displaced persons; Nolan (No. 84) that prohibits the use of funds authorized by this Act to be made available to deploy members of the Armed Forces to participate in the ongoing civil war in Yemen; Michelle Lujan Grisham (NM) (No. 85) that requires the Secretary of the Air Force to brief the House and Senate Armed Services Committees, the House Over-sight and Government Reform Committee, and the Senate Homeland Security and Government Affairs Committee on efforts to increase diversity in the ci-vilian workforce; Gallego (No. 86) that requires re-porting on deployments of U.S. forces to Syria; Lam-born (No. 87) that requires a report from the Presi-dent, along with the Secretary of Defense, the Sec-retary of State, and the Director of National Intel-ligence, regarding the use by the Government of Iran of commercial aircraft and related services for il-licit activities; Nolan (No. 88) that prohibits fund-ing from the Counter-ISIS Train & Equip Fund to recipients that the Secretary of Defense has reported as having previously misused provided training or equipment; Engel (No. 89) that requires a report to Congress on the defense and security relationship be-tween Serbia and the Russian Federation; Cheney (No. 90) that requires a report from the President on options available in response to a failure by Russia to achieve reductions required by the New START Treaty by February 5th, 2018; and Walker (No. 91) that requires DoD to submit a report to Congress on bilateral ports of call with Taiwan;
          Pages H5845–51 
Thornberry en bloc amendment No. 5 consisting of the following amendments printed in H. Rept. 115–217: Engel (No. 92) that requires notification to Congress when changes are made to previously re-ported legal or policy frameworks guiding national security operations; Ted Lieu (CA) (No. 93) that re-quires a report from the Secretary of Defense and Secretary of State on the extent to which Saudi Ara-bia is abiding by its commitments in Yemen, in-cluding adherence to the U.S.-provided No Strike List and improving its targeting capabilities to avoid civilians; Crowley (No. 94) that expresses the sense of Congress that respect for human rights should be part of United States policy; Gallagher (No. 95) that requires an assessment of U.S. security and defense implications of China’s expanding global access; Yoho (No. 96) that normalizes the transfer of defense articles and defense services to Taiwan; Duncan (SC) (No. 97) that establishes a Sense of Congress that the security, stability, and prosperity of the Western Hemisphere region are vital to U.S. national inter-ests; the U.S. should ensure an appropriate forward presence in the region and build partner capacity; DOD should commit additional assets and increase investments to the region; and DOD should engage the region by strengthening relations to address shared challenges; Bishop (MI) (No. 98) that ex-presses the Sense of Congress that the President should call on NATO allies to fulfill their mutual defense commitments, should call on NATO allies to secure national and regional security interests, and should recognize NATO allies who are achieving those objectives; Kelly (PA) (No. 99) that prohibits funds from being used to implement the UN Arms Trade Treaty unless the Senate approves a resolution of ratification for the Treaty and implementing leg-islation for the Treaty has been enacted into law; Engel (No. 100) that requires the Secretary of De-fense to designate an existing Department of Defense employee as responsible for coordinating the Depart-ment’s existing obligations to protect cultural herit-age; Soto (No. 101) that requires the Secretary of Defense, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the Secretary of Energy, and the Secretary of State to jointly submit to Congress a report on spacebased nuclear detection; Fitzpatrick (No. 102) that directs the Secretary of Defense to define ‘‘deterrence’’ in a cyber operations landscape, and assess how this defi-nition affects the overall cyber operations strategy in the Department of Defense; Franks (No. 103) that updates some of the balance of funds to the Israeli Missile Defense would enable the Israelis to spend funding authorized in the bill on procurement and RDTE; Lamborn (No. 104) that requires Initial Operational Capability of a boost phase ballistic mis-sile defense capability by Dec. 31, 2020; Young (AK) (No. 105) that promotes an integrated, layered ballistic missile defense system incorporating THAAD, Aegis Ballistic Missile Defense, Aegis Ashore, and Patriot Air and Missile Defense Systems, as well as authorizing additional GBIs, and accel-erating the completion of the EIS for an interceptor site on the East Coast and in the Midwest of the U.S. Missile Defense Testing; Hunter (No. 106) that amends section 1696 by striking an exception to 10 U.S.C. § 2377 and adding a certification require-ment; and Rogers (AL) (No. 107) that amends the bill for construction of the previously authorized AEGIS Ashore Missile Defense Complex at Redzikowo Base, Poland, the Secretary of the Navy may construct a 6,180 square meter multipurpose fa-cility, for the purposes of providing additional berth-ing space on board the installation;
         Pages H5851–55 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14JY7.REC D14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD778 July 14, 2017 
Thornberry en bloc amendment No. 6 consisting of the following amendments printed in H. Rept. 115–217: Simpson (No. 108) that authorizes the Secretary of the Air Force to convey to the City of Mountain Home, Idaho approximately 4.25 miles of railroad spur near the Mountain Home Air Force Base, Idaho for economic development; Bishop (UT) (No. 109) that removes certain deed restrictions and reversions associated with conveyance of property of former Defense Depot Ogden, Utah; Bustos (No. 110) that requires the Secretary of Defense to certify that there is not suitable space in an existing mili-tary installation before they buy or lease space valued at over $750k annually; Brat (No. 111) that creates a process for foreign governments to petition DOD to return surplus property to that government; sav-ings are available for readiness programs; Rice (SC) (No. 112) that would require the Secretary of De-fense to issue modifications to all relevant construc-tion and facilities specifications to ensure that ma-chine-room less elevators are not prohibited in build-ings and facilities throughout the Department of De-fense; the Secretary shall promulgate interim stand-ards making these specification changes not later than 180 days after enactment, and final standards not later than 1 year after enactment; Ben Ray Luja´n (NM) (No. 113) that requires the Administrator for Nuclear Security to report on the recommended al-ternative for the recapitalization of plutonium science and production capabilities; requires certifi-cation by the Department of Defense that the rec-ommended alternative is acceptable; and requires the Government Accountability Office to review the analysis of alternatives; Larsen (WA) (No. 114) that requires development of a plan for verification and monitoring relating to the potential proliferation of nuclear weapons and their components, and fissile material; Carbajal (No. 115) that requires the Sec-retary of Energy in consultation with the Depart-ment of State to develop a plan to further minimize the use of highly-enriched uranium for medical iso-topes; Hunter (No. 116) that provides additional re-sources for the Coast Guard’s retirement account; the amendment also exposes foreign owners and opera-tors of oil production facilities to liability for clean-up costs and damages from oil spills that threaten or cause damage in the United States; Moulton (No. 117) that requires a comprehensive political and military strategy for U.S. involvement in Syria and enumerates specific reporting requirements due with-in 90 days of enactment; Langevin (No. 118) that requires a report regarding the mission continuity of the National Biodefense Analysis and Counter-measures Center; Comstock (No. 119) that expresses the sense of Congress stating that the federal govern-ment should ensure that in its actions it does not unduly or artificially distort competition in the mar-ket for new commercial satellite servicing activities; Davidson (No. 120) that prohibits use of funds for military operations in Yemen outside of the scope of the 2001 AUMF; and Marino (No. 121) that re-quires a report to be made by the Secretary of De-fense to the congressional defense committees on the procurement of tungsten and tungsten powders; 
                                                                                    Pages H5855–60 
Lamborn amendment (No. 15 printed in H. Rept. 115–217) that was debated on July 13th that nor-malizes the operational test and evaluation process for the ballistic missile defense system by con-forming the condition for proceeding beyond low- rate initial production in line with all other major defense acquisition programs (by a recorded vote of 235 ayes to 189 noes, Roll No. 373);
    Pages H5862–63 
Byrne amendment (No. 17 printed in H. Rept. 115–217) that classifies a vessel being repaired or dismantled to be a ‘‘recreational vessel’’ if the vessel shares elements of design and construction of tradi-tional recreational vessels and is not normally en-gaged in a military or commercial undertaking when operating (by a recorded vote of 244 ayes to 181 noes, Roll No. 374);
                                                Page H5863 
Hunter amendment (No. 18 printed in H. Rept. 115–217) that addresses forum selection for claims from foreign maritime crews (by a recorded vote of 234 ayes to 190 noes, Roll No. 375); and
   Page H5864 
McGovern amendment (No. 43 printed in H. Rept. 115–217) that requires the Secretary of De-fense to design and produce a military service medal to honor retired and former members of the Armed Forces who are radiation-exposed veterans (Atomic Veterans) (by a recorded vote of 424 ayes with none voting ‘‘no’’, Roll No. 376).
                        Pages H5864–65 
Rejected: Tenney amendment (No. 122 printed in H. Rept. 115–217) that sought to reinstate the Berry Amend-ment’s longstanding domestic sourcing requirement for stainless steel flatware and provides for a one year phase-in period; and
                                         Pages H5860–61 
Franks amendment (No. 13 printed in H. Rept. 115–217) that was debated on July 13th that sought to require the Secretary of Defense to conduct stra-tegic assessments of the use of violent or unorthodox Islamic religious doctrine to support extremist or terrorist messaging and justification (by a recorded vote of 208 ayes to 217 noes, Roll No. 372). 
                                                                                            Page H5862 
Agreed that the Clerk be authorized to make technical and conforming changes to reflect the ac-tions of the House.
                                                   Page H5868 
H. Res. 440, the rule providing for further con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 2810) was agreed to yes-terday, July 13th. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14JY7.REC D14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D779 July 14, 2017 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Monday, July 17th for Morning Hour debate.
                                                                             Page H5869 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Seven recorded votes devel-oped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H5862, H5862–63, H5863, H5864, H5864–65, H5866–67, and H5867–68. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 2:01 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
A REVIEW OF FIXED INCOME MARKET STRUCTURE Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Cap-ital Markets, Securities, and Investment held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘A Review of Fixed Income Market Structure’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. THE TRAGIC CASE OF LIU XIAOBO Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Tragic Case of Liu Xiaobo’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Fed-eral Lands held a hearing on H.R. 873, the ‘‘Global War on Terrorism War Memorial Act’’; H.R. 1547, the ‘‘Udall Park Land Exchange Completion Act’’; H.R. 2582, the ‘‘Confirming State Land Grants for Education Act’’; and H.R. 3115, the ‘‘Superior Na-tional Forest Land Exchange Act of 2017’’. Testi-mony was heard from Representatives Nolan, Moulton, Love, McSally, and Gallagher; Tim Spisak, Acting Assistant Director for Energy, Minerals, and Realty Management, Department of the Interior; Mi-chael Ortega, City Manager, Tucson, AZ; John W. Andrews, Chief Legal Counsel, Associate Director, Utah School and Institutional Trust Lands Adminis-tration, Salt Lake City, Utah; and a public witness. SOCIAL SECURITY’S SOLVENCY CHALLENGE: STATUS OF THE SOCIAL SECURITY TRUST FUNDS Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on So-cial Security held a hearing entitled ‘‘Social Secu-rity’s Solvency Challenge: Status of the Social Secu-rity Trust Funds’’. Testimony was heard from Ste-phen C. Goss, Chief Actuary, Social Security Admin-istration. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, JULY 17, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House 
Committee on Appropriations, Full Committee, markup on Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill, FY 2018, 7 p.m., 2359 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 806, the ‘‘Ozone Standards Implementation Act of 2017’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 3218, the ‘‘Harry W. Colmery Veteran Edu-cational Assistance Act of 2017’’, 7:30 p.m., 334 Cannon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14JY7.REC D14JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD780 July 14, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, July 17 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of Patrick M. Shanahan, of Wash-ington, to be Deputy Secretary of Defense, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Monday, July 17 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Aderholt, Robert B., Ala., E994 Barletta, Lou, Pa., E992 Beatty, Joyce, Ohio, E990 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga, E990, E996 Brat, Dave, Va., E990 Brooks, Mo, Ala., E990 Carbajal, Salud O., Calif., E992 Cicilline, David N., R.I., E991 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E991 Correa, J. Luis, Calif., E992 Costa, Jim, Calif., E988, E994 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E989, E996 Gonzalez, Vicente, Tex., E996 Grijalva, Rau´l M., Ariz., E993 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E995 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E992 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E987, E991, E993 Kelly, Mike, Pa., E987, E996 LaHood, Darin, Ill., E994 Lieu, Ted, Calif., E994 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E993 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E995 Panetta, Jimmy, Calif., E997 Quigley, Mike, Ill., E988 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E992, E997 Sherman, Brad, Calif., E996 Thornberry, Mac, Tex., E989 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E997 Wasserman Schultz, Debbie, Fla., E995 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Jul 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D14JY7.REC D14JYPT1