Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency Act of 2017. Mr. Speaker, we are here today to take action on what I believe is the defining public policy challenge of our generation: the cybersecurity posture of the United States. We have seen cyber attacks hit every sector of our economy with devastating impacts to both government agencies and to the private sector alike. It is our duty to ensure that we are doing our very best to defend against the very real threats that our cyber adversaries now pose. The Department of Homeland Security is the Federal Government’s lead civilian agency for cybersecurity. Within it, the National Protection and Programs Directorate, or NPPD, leads our national effort to safeguard and to enhance the resilience of our Nation’s physical and cyber infrastructure, helping Federal agencies and, when requested, also helping the private sector to harden their networks and to respond to cybersecurity incidents. As the cyber threat landscape continues to evolve, Mr. Speaker, so should the Department of Homeland Security. H.R. 3359 elevates the cybersecurity and the infrastructure security missions of NPPD to strengthen the Federal Government’s ability to act and react to the changing threat landscape. The cybersecurity mission today is extremely challenging due to a number of factors: the ability of malicious actors to operate from anywhere in the world now, the linkages between cyberspace and our physical systems, and the difficulty of reducing vulnerabilities and consequences in complex cyber networks. The Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Act of 2017 rises to this challenge and prioritizes the Department of Homeland Security’s vital role in cyberspace. By authorizing the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency within the DHS, this bill establishes the structure, the nomenclature, and the flexibility to best serve the American people. The Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency will be structured to best work with partners at all levels of government, from the private and the nonprofit sectors, to share information and to build greater trust in order to make our cyber and our physical infrastructure more secure. This bill provides the necessary overarching structure and the interdepartmental flexibility to best allow the DHS to execute its mission in both cybersecurity and the infrastructure security space. Mr. Speaker, we consider this legislation at a great time of transition and opportunity for the DHS. Just last week, Kirstjen Nielsen was sworn in as the Secretary of Homeland Security. In addition to an impressive record of public service, Secretary Nielsen brings unprecedented cybersecurity experience and savvy to the agency, qualifications fitting the threat landscape that she now inherits. b1645 We owe it to her and to the dedicated women and men working alongside her to ensure that DHS has the proper organization and resources to carry out its mission as the lead civilian cybersecurity agency in our Federal Government. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman MCCAULfor his leadership and his dogged determination in this effort and getting this bill to the floor, as well as the other committees of jurisdiction who worked closely to craft this compromise. Mr. Speaker, the cybersecurity challenges we face are about more than protecting bottom lines or intellectual property or even our Nation’s most sensitive classified information. Ultimately, our obligation as lawmakers to be protective cybersecurity stewards stems from a fundamental obligation to safeguard the American people. This is what we aim to do with this legislation, and I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting it. Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GALLAGHER ). Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3359, of which I am a proud cosponsor. This bill provides an updated framework to reorganize and grant additional authorities to the Department of Homeland Security’s cybersecurity and infrastructure protection missions. Currently, the National Protection and Programs Directorate has responsibility for overseeing the Department’s cyber roles; and while DHS has come a long way since inception in 2002, the rapid adaptation of threats in cyberspace demands that we continue to look for ways to evolve and demands that we who oversee this are more nimble and that we can adapt accordingly and keep outpacing our adversaries. As we have seen, Russia, China, Iran, and various nonstate actors have all demonstrated a willingness to penetrate American networks. We have had highranking military officials in our military claim that we are already outgunned in cyberspace right now, and it is up to us to sound the alarm and make sure that we are staying ahead of our adversaries. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to be part of that effort. I salute the chairman; and, given the Department of Homeland Security’s central role in protecting the Federal Government’s civilian networks, it is imperative that Congress, through its oversight role, ensures that the men and women at DHS have all the legal authorities they need to carry out this mission. Mr. Speaker, this bill has been a priority of the Homeland Security Committee for several years, and I want to acknowledge the chairman for his continued leadership on this issue. Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. HIGGINS ). Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3359, the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency Act of 2017, authored by my colleague, Homeland Security Committee Chairman MCCAUL. I am an original cosponsor of this bill. Mr. Speaker, America faces a new, emerging peril: threats to our cyber systems and networks. This bill calls for the authorization of a designated cybersecurity agency within DHS by retasking the National Protection and Programs Directorate as the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency. This change will allow DHS to provide specific focus on the everincreasing cyber threats that face our Nation. This bill will help to ensure that the United States can respond to any attack against our Nation’s cyber assets. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman MCCAUL for his work on crafting this important piece of legislation, and I urge all my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support its passage. Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3359 has broad support on both sides of the aisle. We talk a lot about the need to harden our cyber defenses against an evolving array of virtual threats. Reorganizing and rebranding NPPD as the 
Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency has the potential of enhancing DHS’ cybersecurity capacity, boosting morale, and bringing its critical infrastructure protection workforce together in an unprecedented way. As an operational agency, CISA will be positioned to foster better collaboration between the cyber and physical sides of the house, bringing its cybersecurity analysts together with chemical inspectors, protective security advisers, emergency communication specialists, and Federal Protective Service officers for a more holistic approach to critical infrastructure protection. Mr. Speaker, mapping out a new agency is a complicated task, but this measure is long overdue. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I cannot go into the classified space in this setting, but I can tell you that our foreign adversaries are looking to hurt us and hit us every day, whether it be from Russia, from China, from Iran, from North Korea. The attacks have targeted Home Depot, Sony, Equifax, 20 million security clearances stolen, to other reports that I can’t even get into. But it is a serious threat. When people ask me what keeps me up at night, of course ISIS does and of course al Qaida does. What happened today in New York, I was just there this morning when the bomb went off. But a cyber attack could bring down our power grid, could bring down our stock market, our financial institutions, our energy sector. A major cyber attack on this Nation could cripple this Nation and its economy and the lives of the people in the United States. Mr. Speaker, that is why this bill is so important, to elevate the civilian agency within the Department, to form a single agency that deals with cybersecurity. I am very proud of the work my colleagues have done to get to this point. I have been, as Mr. RATCLIFFE said, very dogged in my determination, and I would urge that the Senate take up this measure because we cannot afford to delay because the threat is that great. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, let me begin by thanking Chairman MCCAUL and Ranking Member THOMPSON for their dedication to improving our cybersecurity posture. Since the Chairman and I founded the Congressional Cybersecurity Caucus together nearly a decade ago, I have come to firmly believe that cybersecurity is the national and economic security challenge of the 21st Century, and both Congress and the executive branch must take steps to recognize and mitigate the risks we face in our hyperconnected society. Thanks to the leadership of the Chairman and Ranking Member, the Committee on Homeland Security has consistently been at the forefront on these issues, and while much remains to be done, we are worlds away from when I originally took the cyber subcommittee gavel in 2007. The bill we have before us today is a testament to those efforts, and I strongly support this latest iteration of CISA to reorganize the National Protection and Programs Directorate (NPPD) and enhance the capabilities and the profile of DHS’s cybersecurity activities. As one of its core missions, DHS is charged with helping Federal agencies and critical infrastructure owners and operators secure themselves against physical and cyber attacks. For the past decade, that mission has been carried out by NPPD, a small headquarters component of the Department. Since its establishment, NPPD’s role in defending the nation and the .gov domain from cyber intrusions has grown in concert with the increasing threat to our networks. It’s a growth that the Committee—and the Congress as a whole—has recognized and encouraged, with the passage of laws including the National Cybersecurity Protection Act of 2014, which authorized the National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center, and the Cybersecurity Act of 2015, which made NPPD the federal government’s primary hub for cyber threat indicator sharing. Today, NPPD is home to two of the premiere computer security incident response teams in the world and has been recognized as the whole ofgovernment asset response lead in the National Cyber Incident Response Plan. It also continues to lead efforts in protecting federal networks through the Federal Network Resilience Division, which assists other agencies with risk management, guides enterprise security policy, and implements programs like Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation and EINSTEIN. NPPD is clearly acting in an operational capacity today, but despite this fact, Congress has not yet elevated NPPD’s standing to be commensurate with these added responsibilities. H.R. 3359 acknowledges the evolution of the component by transforming NPPD into an operational agency on par with TSA or Customs and Border Protection. As part of the reorganization, NPPD will be renamed the ‘‘Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency,’’ or CISA, to accurately reflect its role. This restructuring was the top legislative priority of DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson before he left office, and I am grateful that Secretary Kelly took up the mantle in the new Administration. Bringing clarity with the new agency structure also stands to benefit the many cyber defenders working tirelessly at the Department to keep us safe. I have often said that all of the risk mitigation policies and intrusion detection systems in the world are nothing without a skilled workforce. Congress and the Department have been working jointly to reduce the shortage of cybersecurity analysts at NPPD, and it is my hope that an empowered Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency will be able to compete for the best cyber talent. After all, what mission is more exciting than protecting your fellow Americans from the canniest of adversaries attempting to do us harm in this new domain? I hope that all of the young people considering a career in this emerging field—young people like the brilliant CyberCorps students I enjoy speaking with— will look at Congress’s support for DHS’s cybersecurity work and jump at the opportunity to be in the vanguard at this new agency. Mr. Speaker, I also want to speak about the important clarity H.R. 3359 brings to a broader policy debate that has been kicking around Washington, DC, for some time now. I serve on the House Armed Services Committee, where I am privileged to act as Ranking Member of the Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities. In this role, I oversee United States Cyber Command, and I have the utmost respect for the service members in uniform defending our country in the digital domain. I have also had the privilege to serve on the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, where I heard weekly about the all toooften unsung heroes of our Intelligence Community and their efforts to protect our national interests in cyberspace. I say this, Mr. Speaker, because I want to be clear that I have a deep understanding of and appreciation for our military and intelligence services’ cybersecurity prowess. But I also believe that the powers and authorities of those entities are rightly constrained when it comes to domestic activities. Protecting our domestic cyber assets in peacetime needs to be the responsibility of a civilian organization, and that organization is the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency created under this bill. We saw this debate play out during consideration of the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2015, where it was also decided in favor of a civilian hub, the NCCIC that is at the heart of NPPD. I hope passage of H.R. 3359 will help move the debate on from where authorities should be housed and instead focus on the operationalization of said authorities. Mr. Speaker, as I mentioned at the outset, this bill owes its existence to the collaborative efforts of Chairman MCCAUL and Ranking Member THOMPSON . But it also reflects the bipartisan spirit of two of my good friends who head the Subcommittee on Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protection, Mr. RATCLIFFE and Mr. RICHMOND . And, like any effort of this body, it owes a great deal to the staff who work tirelessly behind the scenes supporting our efforts. In particular, I would like to Kirsten Duncan and Moira Bergin, the Majority and Minority staff directors for the Cyber Subcommittee for helping to get this bill to the Floor. And I would also like to thank their predecessors, Brett DeWitt and Chris Schepis, for laying the groundwork for its consideration this Congress. This bill is important. It’s bipartisan. And it’s overdue. I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting this important measure, and I hope the Senate moves swiftly to pass it through their Chamber. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3359, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
SECURING GENERAL AVIATION AND COMMERCIAL CHARTER AIR CARRIER SERVICE ACT OF 2017 Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3669) to improve and streamline security procedures related to general aviation and commercial charter air carrier utilizing riskbased security standards, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3669 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Securing General Aviation and Commercial Charter Air Carrier Service Act of 2017’’. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration shall conduct a study to determine the cost and feasibility of establishing webbased access to Secure Flight for commercial charter air carriers. 
The Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration is authorized to designate not fewer than one full time employee of the Administration to be responsible for engagement with general aviation stakeholders and manage issues related to general aviation. 
Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration, in consultation with the Aviation Security Advisory Committee, shall provide to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the feasibility of requiring security threat assessments for all candidates seeking flight school training in the operation of any aircraft having a maximum certificated takeoff weight of more than 12,500 pounds to further enhance the vetting of persons seeking such training in the United States. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. ESTES) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BARRAGA ´N) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas. 
Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kansas? There was no objection. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to represent the Fourth District of Kansas. My hometown, Wichita, Kansas, is proud to be known as The Air Capital of the World. Over 100 years ago, Clyde Cessna began manufacturing planes outside of Wichita. Since then, Wichita has grown to be the leading center for aviation manufacturing around the world. In fact, 67 percent of the world’s embedded general aviation fleet is manufactured in Kansas. We are proud of the work we do in Wichita, and general aviation has a good home in Kansas. I worked for many years in the general aviation industry as a process improvement engineer. That is why I am putting forward this important piece of legislation that will help ensure general aviation remains safe and secure. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote for H.R. 3669, the Securing General Aviation and Commercial Charter Air Carrier Service Act. General aviation, which includes all noncommercial flights and commercial charters, accounts for nearly two thirds of all towered operations in the United States. This does not account for the thousands of untowered operations in the United States that are only served by the general aviation community. However, general aviation and commercial charter air service represent a small fraction of TSA’s stakeholder community, causing their issues and concerns to fall to the bottom of the agency’s priorities. This bill seeks to elevate some of these important but often overlooked security issues. The general aviation community has important safety concerns that deserve to be heard and acted upon by TSA. Commercial charters are forced to use antiquated and unsecure systems to ensure their passengers’ safety. Currently, the software needed to connect to TSA’s Secure Flight system for vetting passengers costs tens of thousands of dollars. Commercial airlines serving 21⁄2million passengers a day can easily adopt the software; However, smaller operators do not have the passenger volume to absorb the cost. Currently, TSA emails commercial charter operators large datasets in spreadsheet format that their operators must then check against passenger manifests. This unsecure method presents a serious security risk for this data, which could include sensitive personal information. I have heard from commercial charter operators that access to the Secure Flight system is a top priority so that they can ensure the safety of the airspace and their passengers. TSA should explore creating a webbased program that these operators could access that would have realtime passenger vetting information and would prevent the unintended distribution of sensitive security information. Currently, private charter air carriers must use their own flight crews or private screening companies to screen passengers. In certain instances, these carriers would like to occasionally use on or offduty TSA agents to screen passengers due to the expertise and training that these agents possess. However, when private charters are performed on short notice, carriers are unable to bring offduty TSA screeners into their own program due to certain FAA regulations. Language in this bill would allow private charters the flexibility to request and pay for this service without cost to the taxpayer. Additionally, the Aviation Security Advisory Committee has approved several recommendations regarding improvements to security rules and regulations for general aviation and commercial charter air carrier programs. These important recommendations have yet to be implemented by TSA. This legislation requires TSA to develop an implementation plan and 
timeline in which to execute these outstanding recommendations. The final issue this bill addresses is a lack of a fulltime subject matter expert at TSA to interact with general aviation stakeholders and handle general aviation security issues. The industry has been forced to rely on individuals who are often given this portfolio temporarily and struggles to find a reliable point of contact for matters that arise. This bill authorizes the appointment of a fulltime employee to handle this portfolio, thus giving the industry a knowledgeable and reliable liaison with TSA. General aviation and the commercial air charter industry are important components of the aviation community. I believe that their important safety concerns deserve to be heard and acted upon by TSA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his help and assistance. I urge all Members to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3669, the Securing General Aviation and Commercial Charter Air Carrier Service Act of 2017, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, general aviation flights, such as those that fly out of Compton/ Woodley Airport in my district, are integral to our Nation’s aviation system. The Securing General Aviation and Commercial Charter Air Carrier Service Act of 2017 seeks to improve and streamline security measures for general aviation and commercial charter air carriers. Importantly, H.R. 3669 incorporates two key Democratic amendments that were adopted with bipartisan support. b1700 First, an amendment from the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN ) ensures that the Aviation Security Advisory Committee can continue to operate independently and clarifies that the TSA Administrator retains the authority to make security decisions. As amended, the bill would drive TSA to move swiftly to act upon recommendations, with which it concurs, that the TSA’s advisory committee issued regarding general aviation security. Secondly, the bill incorporates an amendment by Representative BENNIE  THOMPSON , our ranking member, to require TSA to conduct a feasibility study of requiring security threat assessments for all candidates seeking flight school training to operate large aircraft. Such a study would help inform our efforts in Congress to push TSA towards more effective and comprehensive vetting of flight students. Under current TSA procedures, a student seeking flight training on aircraft weighing more than 12,500 pounds is not always vetted against the terrorist watch list prior to the commencement of such training. Sixteen years after 9/ 11 attacks, more must be done to block security loopholes that were exploited by the 9/11 hijackers. Making sure that anyone who wishes to pilot a large plane is subject to the same level of vetting that a passenger who boards the plane would receive is common sense. Mr. Speaker, I urge my House colleagues to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ). Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3669, the Securing General Aviation and Commercial Charter Air Carrier Service Act of 2017, which has been championed by my good friend and colleague, Mr. ESTES. As chairman of the Subcommittee on Transportation and Protective Security, I appreciate the significant security challenges facing all modes of America’s transportation systems, including the often overlooked general aviation and commercial charter sectors. As we saw this morning with the terrorist attack in New York City against a surface transportation hub, large commercial airliners are not the only target on terrorists’ minds, and we must not allow ourselves to be negligent towards the security of all sectors of transportation security. During his short time in Congress, Congressman ESTES has quickly become one of the most forwardleaning members of the Homeland Security Committee on issues relating to aviation security. Mr. ESTES’ legislation will make significant strides in closing security vulnerabilities in general aviation’s ability to screen and vet passengers and crew, while better protecting individuals’ personally identifiable information from potential exploitation. Additionally, this bill will hold the Transportation Security Administration accountable to important security recommendations from the Aviation Security Advisory Committee, including those relating to the security vetting for flight school applicants in the United States. This bill will ensure that the general aviation community, which is often overlooked by TSA, will have a voice within the agency by requiring TSA to designate personnel to be responsible for stakeholder engagement within the general aviation community. Mr. Speaker, I was honored to have Representative ESTES join me and other bipartisan colleagues on a recent congressional delegation to the Middle East and Europe where we examined a number of aviation security threats and mitigation efforts. Our delegation, combined with our continuous oversight efforts at home, have provided with us a stark, firsthand understanding of the security vulnerabilities facing our Nation’s aviation systems. Because of this, I am extremely pleased that Mr. ESTES’ bill is being considered here before the House today. I urge my colleagues to support the bill and our efforts to improve the security of American aviation. Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3669, is a sensible piece of legislation that seeks to ensure general aviation transportation in our country is secure. H.R. 3669 includes language which passed the House in a bipartisan fashion as part of the Department of Homeland Security Authorization Act to ensure available TSA resources can be used to assist in securing commercial charter flights. The bill also incorporates Democratic amendments to ensure the independence of the ASAC and to push TSA to study flight school student vetting. While large commercial aircraft operations receive the majority of TSA’s attention and resources, we must not ignore the damage that could be inflicted by a terrorist attack on a general aviation flight. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 3669, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. POE of Texas). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. ESTES) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3669, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
FINANCIAL INSTITUTION CUSTOMER PROTECTION ACT OF 2017 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2706) to provide requirements for the appropriate Federal banking agencies when requesting or ordering a depository institution to terminate a specific customer account, to provide for additional requirements related to subpoenas issued under the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2706 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Financial Institution Customer Protection Act of 2017’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. LUETKEMEYER ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. CAPUANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri. 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks, and include extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Missouri? There was no objection. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today the House will consider an amended version of H.R. 2706, the Financial Institution Customer Protection Act, legislation I introduced in an effort to provide greater transparency and accountability among banking regulators. Over the past few years, members of the Financial Services Committee and others in the House have expressed bipartisan concern surrounding Operation Choke Point, the Department of Justice and FDICled initiative that sought to separate legal businesses from financial services they need to survive. People may think Operation Choke Point is limited to payday lenders or the banks serving them, but it is not. This initiative has spread to many industries, including tobacco shops, pawn brokers, ATM operators, even amusement gaming companies, to name just a few. Even attorneys and third parties that serve these industries have been impacted. The underlying problem here is significant. The Federal Government should not be able to intimidate financial institutions into dropping entire sectors of the economy as customers, based not on risk or evidence of wrongdoing, but purely on personal and political motivations. This type of program sets an incredibly dangerous precedent that shouldn’t be permitted under any Presidential administration. There needs to be a process in place to ensure that the banking regulators have the ability to pursue bad actors, but not to punitively target specific businesses or products that operate and are offered within the confines of the law. This legislation offers a straightforward approach to a complicated problem. It simply dictates that Federal banking regulators cannot suggest, request, or order a financial institution to terminate a banking relationship unless the regulator has material reason beyond reputational risk. It also puts in place the requirement that agency management sign off on any account termination request or order. The provisions contained in H.R. 2706 are so reasonable, in fact, that the FDIC has already used its authority to put them in place. Effective 2015, agency policy now requires supervisory staff to track and document account termination recommendations. Such recommendations must now be made in writing and not through informal suggestion. FDIC regional leadership must be made aware of any such recommendation, and the basis for such recommendation cannot rely solely on reputational risk. The original bill would have also struck the word ‘‘affecting’’ in FIRREA and replaced it with ‘‘by’’ or ‘‘against.’’ I maintain that this modest change would have helped to ensure that broad interpretations of the law are limited and that the original intent of the statute, helping to penalize fraud against or by financial institutions, is restored. Attorney General Sessions announced the end of Operation Choke Point earlier this year, and we have noticed a dramatic decline in FIRREA subpoenas resembling those seen during the height of the initiative. The issues with FIRREA still need to be addressed, and while H.R. 2706 is not the opportunity to do that, I will continue to press for reasonable reforms and clarifications of the law. Within the banking agencies, these account termination requests are still a significant problem. Just last week, I had a meeting with an industry that has seen a rash of account terminations in Missouri, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, California, Texas, and Wisconsin, to just name a few of the States that have been affected. We have to restore order, Mr. Speaker. Our goal should be to have more individuals and businesses in banks, not forced from them. Mr. Speaker, I remind my colleagues that the House has passed by a voice vote two appropriations amendments prohibiting funding for Operation Choke Point. Members from both sides of the aisle have written letters and 
talked to regulators about the dangers of such a program. This is a very real issue and one that must be addressed. Again, I want to emphasize that it is essential that DOJ and financial regulators maintain the ability to pursue bad actors or anyone they think could be a bad actor. This amended version includes language offered by Ranking Member WATERS to ensure that customer account termination notices don’t interfere with ongoing criminal investigations. The checks and balances in this legislation would help to ensure accountability among the regulators and would in no way hinder the ability of any executive branch agency from going after individuals or businesses suspected of fraudulent activity. This legislation offers a responsible approach to curbing the malpractice we have seen in Operation Choke Point. I want to thank the many colleagues who worked with me on this legislation, in particular, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. HECK), Chairman HENSARLING , and Ranking Member WATERS for helping to get this considered on the suspension calendar today. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. LUETKEMEYER ), who has been a wonderful person to work with, and the many members of the committee on our side of the aisle, particularly Ranking Member WATERS and Mr. H ECK from Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. HECK). Mr. HECK. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Most importantly, I want to express and extend my gratitude to the gentleman from Missouri. This has been a threeyear journey for this particular legislation; not uncommon in this environment. But it was a difficult journey at times. At no step along the way did the gentleman from Missouri ever waiver from his commitment to working as collaboratively as possible, in a willingness to work to find a solution, and he did just that, and I thank him for that. Mr. Speaker, I also want to thank Ranking Member WATERS for her efforts, without which this bill would never even have made it to the floor. I do believe that this bill is stronger as a consequence of the amendments that we have made, the changes that we have made to it; most importantly, those changes that will ensure that we do not interfere with the important work of law enforcement. I have been very upfront about this. From my perspective, my interest in this bill grows out of my work on helping my State find ways to make sure our Stateregulated marijuana businesses have access to banking services so that we can avoid the public safety risks that arise from huge cash stockpiles building up at these businesses. Sadly, we have already seen these risks materialize. Before, on this floor, I had mentioned the name of Travis Mason, 23 years old, a Marine veteran, working as a security officer at a retail establishment for marijuana in Colorado, studying to become a law enforcement officer, who was, a year ago last summer, shot dead by perpetrators who believed that there was a stockpile of cash behind those doors. b1715 Travis left behind a widow and, yes, three small children. He had a set of twins. So part of what this bill will help is that there be no more Travis Masons—no more Travis Masons. We are passing this bill, in fact, in part to prevent another tragedy like that. Now, Mr. LUETKEMEYER and I worked together with the FDIC to provide clarity to their banks, and I think the FDIC’s financial institutions letter of January 2015 was a key breakthrough for banks in Washington State and others. It simply said for banks worried about customer risks, like the Bank Secrecy Act and antimoney laundering—which is the main concern, frankly, around marijuana businesses— the FDIC does not expect them to avoid entire industries, but rather to make determinations on a customer bycustomer basis. This was assurance that Washington banks needed to begin providing banking services to wellregulated, good actor marijuana businesses. So now a handful of Washington banks and credit unions are serving marijuana businesses. Our State banking regulator is working closely with the State marijuana regulator. Scores of Washington marijuana businesses have set up bank accounts. We are getting cash out of those businesses and into the financial system, where it can be monitored. We draw down that cash stockpile. We reduced the public safety risk that I talked about earlier. We have an improved public safety condition. It is a model that needs to be spread to other States who have adopted, as it were, expanded marijuana legislation. I view this bill as codifying the FDIC’s financial institutions letter and expanding it to other bank regulators so that all lenders can operate under this same principle: that we judge consumers individually rather than by the industry they are in. Let me repeat that: that we judge consumers individually rather than by the industry that they are in. Mr. LUETKEMEYER has been dedicated to that principle for years. I have been honored to work with him in this endeavor and I am pleased to be at this point where we have broad bipartisan support for this legislation. Again, my hat is off to Mr. LUETKE MEYER . To all of my colleagues, I urge a vote in favor of this underlying bill, in favor of a more balanced regulatory scheme, and a bill in favor of increased public safety. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH ), who is a distinguished member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to lend my voice to an important piece of legislation. First, like others, I want to thank everybody who has worked very hard on this legislation. I know it is a matter of passion for many Members on both sides of the aisle in solving this problem for consumers. One thing I am constantly asked about in the district is: In a democracy, why does it seem that the bureaucracy is in charge? We keep coming back to this very same question with many pieces of legislation here in the House. I am excited that we are going to resolve some of that with this piece of legislation. As was talked about earlier, what has been going on is that someone can be excluded from the U.S. Federal banking system simply because they are in an industry that might not have the best reputation. They can be excluded from the Federal banking system. This is not something that we take lightly. It is something that is very serious that we talk about in terms of sanctioning North Korea, sanctioning Iran, and now we are excluding U.S. businesses simply because they may be operating in a certain industry instead of because of the activities that individual business or that individual is actually in. So this bill is really about looking, as my friend, Mr. HECK, said, to the individual business and to the individual themselves and saying whether they pose a national security risk, not painting with a broad brush because of the desire of some in bureaucracy to exclude certain industries from the banking system. What Hoosiers talk about back home is how tired they are of electing officials only to see bureaucracy drive their own agenda forward, not the people’s agenda forward. With this piece of legislation, we are rolling some of it back and enabling those bureaucrats to provide an annual list to Congress of the accounts that they have closed and why they have been closed. It is that level of transparency and accountability that a democracy demands. I am excited to stand with so many other members of the House Financial Services Committee and with so many Members, I hope, later today on the House floor and say that we will deliver that transparency. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. Again, I would like to repeat what has already been said: this is a classic example of how this place is supposed to work. It takes a little time, but it works out in a bipartisan manner and in a thoughtful manner and deals with an issue that, though not important to some people, is very important to a handful of people in this country to simply level the playing field. 
I want to, again, thank all of the people involved in this. It is nice to be involved in a piece of legislation that I can be proud of and that went through the process the right way and worked out the right way. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I just want to reiterate that this bill is about greater transparency and accountability among the banking regulators. The Federal Government should not be able to intimidate financial institutions into dropping entire sectors of the economy’s customers based on personal and political motivations. It should be based on risk and evidence of wrongdoing. Our new AG has stopped this practice, and the FDIC has incorporated many of the principles in this bill already into their standard operating procedures. But the importance of this bill is to codify in law for the regulators the guardrails that are necessary to keep this from happening to protect our citizens from this and many other activities by an overreach of the bureaucracy. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. LUETKEMEYER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2706, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
INVESTOR CLARITY AND BANK PARITY ACT Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3093) to amend the Volcker Rule to permit certain investment advisers to share a similar name with a private equity fund, subject to certain restrictions, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3093 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Investor Clarity and Bank Parity Act’’. 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Missouri? There was no objection. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3093, the Investor Clarity and Bank Parity Act. I would like to start by thanking my colleague from Massachusetts (Mr. CAPUANO ) for his work on this important bipartisan legislation. This bill makes a modest amendment to section 619 of the DoddFrank Act, also known as the Volcker rule, by correcting an unintended consequence that occurred during implementation. When the regulators issued the final rule to the Volcker rule, they imposed severe limitations on the ability of bank holding companies and their affiliates, including investment advisers, to sponsor hedge funds and private equity funds, also known as covered funds. As a result, a covered fund cannot use the name of a sponsor. For example, if XYZ investment adviser is an affiliate of XYZ bank and sponsors a real estate fund, that real estate fund could not be named XYZ real estate fund. Not only is such a restriction at odds with industry practice, it reduces transparency and confuses investors about who is actually managing a covered fund. H.R. 3093 eliminates this prohibition and simply allows an affiliate of a bank holding company, such as an investment adviser, to share a similar name with a private equity fund. In doing so, this legislation clarifies the original intent of the Volcker rule and, most importantly, helps investors have better insight into who is actually managing a covered fund. Finally, H.R. 3093 is consistent with recommendations provided by the Treasury Department in its recent report on banks and credit unions. I want to again thank my friend from Massachusetts for his work on this bill. The Volcker rule is in need of additional reforms. I appreciate that Mr. CAPUANO has started on the naming issue and that our colleagues on the Senate Banking Committee have included modest Volcker reforms in Chairman CRAPO ’s regulatory relief legislation. It is my hope, however, that this is the beginning of the conversation and that we can work again in a bipartisan, bicameral fashion to pass additional Volcker reforms, such as the designation of a single regulator to work with other regulators. In the meantime, I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense legislation today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I believe the gentleman from Missouri has stated everything that needs to be said. This is a simple bill that is a technical amendment to the Volcker rule that I strongly support. I know that many others have opposition to that. This is a minor change. When you do a bill like DoddFrank, or any major bill, there are always things you make a mistake on and that you didn’t see coming. This is one of them. It is very simple. This simply allows a company to use names that they have been using forever. That is really all it is. I appreciate the gentleman’s willingness and the committee’s willingness to hear this simple bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. LUETKEMEYER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3093. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PROTECTING RELIGIOUSLY AFFILIATED INSTITUTIONS ACT OF 2017 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1730) to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for the protection of community centers with religious affiliation, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1730 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting Religiously Affiliated Institutions Act of 2017’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. RASKIN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 1730, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Protecting Religiously Affiliated Institutions Act of 2017 is a bill designed to address recent attacks on religious institutions. It amends the Church Arson Prevention Act to clarify that the act covers religious real property, such as religious community centers. It also increases the penalty for destruction of property offenses on religious property where the conduct results in more than $5,000 in damages to the property. This legislation is a direct response to the recent onslaught of bomb threats to various synagogues, mosques, churches, and religious community centers. In 2017, there have been more than 100 reported bomb threats against Jewish community centers, Jewish day schools, and other Jewish organizations and institutions in more than 38 States. Islamic centers and mosques have been burned in the States of Texas, Washington, and Florida. We must send the message that any attempt to instill fear in a religious community will not be tolerated. From its inception, our country has recognized that freedom of religion is a fundamental right. It is just as important to protect this right today, if not more so. We must continue to ensure that the American people can continue to practice their faith without obstruction. I commend Representative DAVID KUSTOFF and Representative D EREK  KILMER for introducing this bill, and I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in favor of the legislation. I want to thank the honorable gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) for his leadership on this and also salute Representatives KUSTOFF and K ILMERfor their introduction of this legislation. It is important legislation, Mr. Speaker, because it extends protections under current Federal law for religious real property. We know there is no religious free exercise for our people if they are too afraid to go to church or to synagogue or to the mosque. Currently, section 247 of the Federal criminal code prohibits both the damaging of religious property because of the property’s religious character and the intentional obstruction—by force or threats of force—of anyone’s exercise of their religious beliefs. H.R. 1730 clarifies that not just force but threats of force against religious property are included in this prohibition. b1730 In addition, the bill provides that the damaging or obstructing of such property that results in damages exceeding $5,000 constitutes a felony punishable by up to 3 years in prison. Finally, H.R. 1730 clarifies that real property covered by the statute includes property leased by a nonprofit, religiously affiliated organization. The importance of the bill, of course, is underscored by the recent upsurge, as Mr. GOODLATTE said, in bomb threats, hate crimes, and vandalism committed against churches, synagogues, mosques, and other communities of faith, a wave of hate that is now etched in the public’s mind by the shocking events in Charlottesville, Virginia, in August, which began at a local synagogue. The Hate Crimes Statistics for 2016 released by the FBI indicate that anti Semitic hate crimes increased 20 percent from the prior year. There has been an alarming surge committed not just against synagogues, but against churches and mosques in 2017. We know that violent attacks against religious facilities have always accompanied waves of racial terror in our history. In the 1960s, AfricanAmerican churches in many parts of the country were vandalized, fire bombed, and burned during the struggle for civil rights in the South. In the 1990s, there was a resurgence of arsons committed against AfricanAmerican churches. In response, Congress passed the Church Arson Prevention Act in 1996 to make it clear that such behavior was also on the wrong side of the law. Yet, in 2017, here we are again, facing another rise in hate crimes. We must do more to prevent and fight these threats to our most basic First Amendment freedoms that our people have, including the right of our citizens to practice their religion of choice. While some may disagree with the religious practice of others, what they may not do is use physical obstruction, force, or threats of force to deny other people the right to worship as they choose. No American should ever have to choose between their faith and their personal security and the safety of their family. Therefore, I strongly support H.R. 1730, and I urge all of my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. KUSTOFF ), the chief sponsor of this legislation. Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1730, the Protecting Religiously Affiliated Institutions Act of 2017. I introduced this bipartisan bill with the support of my friend, Representative DEREK KILMER of Washington State. Our legislation is essential in safeguarding religious institutions of all kinds from atrocious threats and acts of violence. Earlier this year, we saw a disturbing rise in bomb threats at Jewish community centers, churches, and other religious institutions across the country. Our communities were in distress as cemeteries were vandalized because of their religious affiliation. This kind of hate crime is simply unacceptable. After all, religious tolerance is the bedrock on which this great Nation was founded. According to a report by the Anti Defamation League, the number of antiSemitic incidents in the United States increased dramatically, by 86 percent, in the first 3 months of 2017. We can attribute this year’s increase to 155 vandalism incidents, including three cemetery desecrations and 161 hoax bomb threats against religious community centers. This is a dramatic increase of 127 percent over the same quarter in 2016. On November 13, 2017, the FBI released its 2016 annual Hate Crime Statistics Act data documents. The study found that more than 100 hate crimes occurred at churches in the United States in 2016 alone. Unfortunately, hate crimes motivated by religious affiliations accounted for 1,538 total offenses and 1,273 incidents that were reported by law enforcement. Hate crimes do not just hurt one person. They cause great distress to our families, communities, and society as a 
whole. In my own home State of Tennessee, we, sadly, experienced multiple bomb threats at a local Jewish community center. These events shook the entire community. In addition to the fear inflicted upon these institutions after a threat, there are tangible ramifications for the centers. Many community centers and places of worship are forced to temporarily close their doors as a result of these threats. Families who rely on the center’s services, such as Bible study and early childhood education programs, have been forced to choose between their faith community and their safety. Here, in the United States of America, people should not have to make that choice. Our Nation was founded on the idea of religious freedom, and our commitment to religious freedom must remain unshakable. It is time we say enough is enough. Religious intolerance has no place in this country. The Protecting Religiously Affiliated Institutions Act of 2017 would ensure that individuals who make credible threats of violence against religious community centers and places of worship can be prosecuted for committing a hate crime under Federal law. This bipartisan bill strengthens Federal criminal statutes to prevent threats while preserving our First Amendment rights. It is our moral imperative to protect the right of all Americans to worship freely and without fear, a right that is sewn into our Nation’s very fabric. We must strongly condemn any acts of hate against people and all institutions of faith. I thank Representative KILMER for his hard work on this legislation. I am proud of this bipartisan effort that we have led. I also thank all of the cosponsors of this bill and Chairman GOODLATTE for his leadership on the Judiciary Committee. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this very important legislation. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD a letter from the American Jewish Committee and a letter from the AntiDefamation League. 
AJC, G LOBAL JEWISH ADVOCACY , Washington, DC, November 1, 2017. Hon. ROBERT GOODLATTE , Chairman. Hon. JOHNCONYERS , Ranking Member, House Committee on the Judiciary, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN GOODLATTE AND RANKING  MEMBER CONYERS : I write on behalf of the American Jewish Committee (AJC), the global Jewish advocacy organization, in strong support of H.R. 1730, the Combating AntiSemitism Act of 2017 (which we understand will be renamed the Protecting Religiously Affiliated Institutions Act of 2017). This critically needed bipartisan legislation, introduced by Rep. David Kustoff with Rep. Derek Kilmer as chief cosponsor, addresses longstanding gaps in Federal hate crimes law. H.R. 1730 amends the Church Arson Prevention Act of 1996 (18 U.S.C. §241) (CAPA), which covers attacks on religious real property, to bring all religiously affiliated institutions—such as community centers—under the scope of its protections. The bill also amends CAPA so as to encompass threats against, as well as acts that result in damage or destruction to, religious real property. Further, H.R. 1730 enhances the penalty for intentional damage to religious real property, which is at the moment only at a misdemeanor level unless there is bodily injury to a person. In addition to closing these gaps in the law, enactment of H.R. 1730 will send a signal of zero tolerance for hate crimes against people of faith. Hate crimes against religious institutions are on the rise in our country. Since January 2017, at least five mosques have suffered arson attacks, while dozens of Jewish, Muslim, Christian, and other religious institutions have been vandalized. These attacks are intolerable. They infringe on the Constitution’s protection of the free exercise of religion. Moreover, crimes against religious institutions are intended to create an atmosphere of fear that deters community members from attending worship services and social involvement. They pose a danger to the religious freedom and security of all Americans. In light of the violent anti Semitic and racist white nationalist rally held in Charlottesville, Virginia, this legislation is more important than ever. We as a nation must take action in response. For these reasons, AJC strongly urges your support for, and speedy action on, the Combating AntiSemitism Act. Respectfully, RICHARD FOLTIN . 
ADL, A NTIDEFAMATION LEAGUE , New York, NY, April 6, 2017. Hon. DAVID KUSTOFF , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARREPRESENTATIVE KUSTOFF : On behalf of the AntiDefamation League, I am writing to commend you for your leadership in introducing the Combating AntiSemitism Act of 2017 to help ensure that our government is taking every possible step to protect members of America’s religious communities. Rising antiSemitic incidents and the recent spate of bomb threats and vandalism against Jewish community institutions and cemeteries have sent a chilling message to the Jewish community. When Members of Congress stand up to take action, communities targeted by hate motivated incidents and threats feel less vulnerable and isolated. This expression of solidarity and act of reassurance, in turn, shines a spotlight on antiSemitism and bigotry and helps to promote a more effective response. We look forward to the swift passage of this bill to reassure faith communities that the government is using all possible tools to deter future threats and to prosecute the perpetrators. AntiSemitism and bigotry are affecting countries all over the world, and the U.S. is no exception. But the rigor of America’s response, the solidarity we demonstrate for each other across diverse communities, and the leadership of lawmakers like you is a model for the world. Sincerely, JONATHAN GREENBLATT , CEO. 
Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. KILMER ), the distinguished coauthor of this legislation. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, on February 27 of this year, about 250 men, women, and children gathered at the Stroum Jewish Community Center on Mercer Island in my home State of Washington. It was a regular evening. The center was alive. People were swimming laps in the pool. They were lifting weights in the gym. Seniors were taking classes like the popular one on Bollywood dancing the center offers on Monday nights. They were assembling peacefully, united by their common faith. Then, they were targeted because of it. On that night, a man, cowardly hiding behind the anonymity of a telephone, called in a bomb threat on the center. Children and their parents and seniors dropped everything and were evacuated as the police swept it with dogs. How did we get to the point where places people come to take an aerobics class or drop off a child for Hebrew school become flash points of hate? The threat to this center is, sadly, not unique. In the first 3 months of this year alone, there were 126 bomb threats called in to 85 Jewish community centers across the country. Imagine the disruption and the fear created by that. Let’s talk about the Jewish Federation of Greater Seattle, an organization that advocates for peace and provides classes and community activities and funds scholarships to Seattlearea students. In 2006, a man walked into the federation’s offices with two handguns. He fired shots through the office after gaining access by holding a 14yearold girl at gunpoint as she called her aunt who worked in the building to buzz her in. He killed one woman and wounded a group of others. He then took them hostage, and a 911 operator talked him into surrendering. Places of worship and faithbased nonprofits must take any threat seriously. Across the country, because of threats of violence, churches, mosques, synagogues, and nonprofit religious community centers associated with them must spend money that could have gone to classes, gym equipment, or food for the poor, instead, on locks, cameras, and security guards. Mr. Speaker, that is why we are here today. Today is a victory for everyday people who come to a Representative with a problem and who are hurt. Earlier this year, a friend from Washington State, who is here with us today, came to me and said: These threats are hate crimes. We are being targeted because of our faith. But unless someone acts on the threat, it doesn’t count as a hate crime under the law. That is how this bill came to be. This bill is about people coming to their elected Representatives and being heard. H.R. 1730 will amend the Church Arson Prevention Act to punish the cowards who make threats against our places of worship and religiously affiliated nonprofits. It will classify the act of making credible threats as hate crimes. What happened in my State wasn’t a fluke. The FBI has reported a rise in hate crimes. This affects every faith. 
There were an average of 16 hate crimes per day last year. American Jews were targeted with bomb threats. Islamic centers have faced arson. Christians have faced threats in the pews as they pray. This doesn’t count the credible threats that I mentioned earlier that create chaos and make people feel as though they are targets for no other reason than the God to whom they worship. So, Mr. Speaker, today is about coming together as Americans and saying enough is enough. It is about communities crying out, ‘‘Never again,’’ and being heard by this body. It is about saying, as leaders, that we must never endorse hate. Silence in the face of intolerance and violent threats isn’t enough. We must condemn hate wherever and however it exists. Mr. Speaker, this is about the people of the Stroum Jewish Community Center and the faithful everywhere who should never have to fear. Around this country, around this world, too many families have been impacted by religious intolerance and violence. Even my own family’s family tree has felt that scourge. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. DUNN). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Washington an additional 30 seconds. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, this bill acknowledges that, when someone tries to terrorize Americans based on their faith, we need to stand up and do something about it. We must embrace our common humanity and ensure that Americans, wherever they pray, however they come together, are respected. I thank everyone who has worked on this: my colleague, the chairman, and his committee staff; and Rachel Appleton from my team. Mr. Speaker, I urge support for this legislation. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE), a member of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, there are a lot of rights listed in our Bill of Rights. In the First Amendment of the Bill of Rights, there are five rights that are mentioned. The first right in the First Amendment is mentioned first, in my opinion, because it is the most important right, and that is the right of religious freedom. If you notice the wording in that right, it protects the right to freely exercise one’s religion. It is more than believe whatever you want to believe religiously. You have the right to practice your religion and freely exercise it. Wise words from the Founders and the writers of the Constitution and the Bill of Rights. Now we have a situation in our country where that right is being threatened. Even this morning, the attempted terror attack should remind us that we need to be vigilant of the war on terror because people, in the name of terror, commit crimes against other Americans because they hate them. They hate their religion and what they stand for. This year, more than 100 bomb threats and other threats of violence have been made against 81 Jewish community centers. A Jewish community center is not the synagogue, but sometimes it is close to it. It is where the Jewish kids and adults go for community. There have been over 100 bomb threats just this year against 81 Jewish community centers in 33 States. Many of these centers were forced to close because of the threat that was made against them. b1745 These attacks are clearly directed at these facilities due to the religious nature of the buildings and the religious activities that go on there. Despite this fact, terroristic threats against community religious centers are currently not punished as hate crimes under Federal law. This bipartisan legislation would amend the Church Arson Prevention Act to ensure that other individuals, who make bomb threats and other credible threats of violence against community religious centers based on the religious nature of that center, can be prosecuted under our law as a hate crime. The bill also adds new language that would create a penalty of up to 5 years imprisonment if any violation of the statute results in damage or destruction to the property. We must make it abundantly clear that we will not tolerate acts of violence and hate against any group in America, especially religious groups. It is incumbent upon us, as Congress, to make sure that the First Amendment is protected, and that is our job: to protect religious freedom. I urge support of this legislation, and I thank the chairman for bringing it to the floor. And that is just the way it is. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SCHNEIDER ), my colleague on the House Judiciary Committee. Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, protecting the right of every American to practice their religion is a fundamental tenet of our Constitution. That includes defending the security of churches, synagogues, mosques, temples, and other religiously affiliated institutions where Americans gather together to follow their faith. This year, we have seen the troubling rise in antiSemitic incidents in the United States, including bomb threats, vandalism, and cemetery desecrations. One of the most frequent targets have been Jewish community centers, or JCCs, including in my home State of Illinois, including the one in my very own community where my kids attended and played basketball and other sports to connect with their community. These despicable threats aim to sow fear in families and communities. And they target our most vulnerable children in preschool, Hebrew school, or teens simply coming together to make friends. Mr. Speaker, no parent in America should have to worry about the safety of their family because of their faith, yet current Federal law does not consider threats against community religious centers as hate crimes. It is unacceptable to limit the consequences faced by the perpetrators of this terror to misdemeanor charges. We need to fix this. I am proud to have cosponsored this bipartisan legislation, to allow individuals, who make bomb threats and other credible threats of violence against community religious centers, to be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law for committing a hate crime. I thank my colleague from Washington for conceiving this important idea and inspiring this bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues in the House to follow the example of the Judiciary Committee and pass H.R. 1730, the Protecting Religiously Affiliated Institutions Act, with overwhelming bipartisan support. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I have no more speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ ), my distinguished colleague. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I rise in strong support of H.R. 1730, the Protecting Religiously Affiliated Institutions Act of 2017. I thank Congressman KILMER for his vision and leadership on this critical issue. This legislation would strengthen current Federal law to prohibit threats against religious property, increase the penalty for damaging religious property, and expand protected religious property to include not just houses of worship, but also religiously affiliated nonprofits, like Jewish community centers. Over the past few years, there has been a frightening rise in incidents of racism, Islamophobia, antiSemitism, and xenophobia in the U.S. and around the world. All too often, the perpetrators of hate target houses of worship and other religious centers. From the Sikh temple shooting in Wisconsin in 2012, to Charleston’s Emanuel AME Church shooting in 2015, to the mosque attack in London this summer, and the firebombing of a synagogue in Sweden just this past weekend, these violent, cowardly bigots go after what is most sacred to the communities they so odiously abhor. While the hateful incidents that result in loss of life are undoubtedly the most tragic, any threat or attack against religious property can shake communities to their core. The Jewish community of south Florida, sadly, knows this firsthand. 
Last year, a man planned to bomb a synagogue in Aventura in my congressional district during Passover. He was caught, thankfully, but incidents like this proliferating around the country are instilling fear, causing unease, and requiring additional security measures to be deployed. Sadly, in south Florida, this was not an isolated incident. Mr. Speaker, I will say that, although not specifically an attack against a Jewish institution, I remember my children, then in preschool, attended preschool at our local JCC and, after the 9/11 attack, my husband racing to their school to take them out of school that day because of the panic that was instilled that automatically occurs in every Jewish family’s life with children in a Jewish institution when there is a terrorist attack. We are constantly on edge as to whether or not our community is next. It is deeply disturbing that the people in my community who attend synagogues and visit our Jewish community centers do so knowing these domestic terrorists intentionally want us to feel uneasy about it. Their mission is to instill fear in the hearts of Jews, Muslims, and other religious minorities so that we will not feel at home in America. And they are not relenting. The most recent annual report on hate crimes by the FBI showed that there was nearly a 5 percent increase in incidents last year. It is the first time in 10 years that America has experienced consecutive annual increases in reported hate crimes. More than half of the religiously based hate crimes were antiJewish, and a quarter of them were antiMuslim. We cannot let bigoted threats and vandalism become the new normal. We must pass this legislation to make it 100 percent clear that, in the view of Congress, when it comes to religious bigotry, there are not good people on both sides. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. POE of Texas). The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 20 seconds to the gentlewoman from Florida. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. We must pass this legislation to make antiSemitic and Islamophobic cowards think twice before they spread fear, while hiding behind a computer or a phone. We must pass this legislation to ensure that America is always a refuge from religious persecution. I deeply wish this legislation were not needed, Mr. Speaker, but, sadly, it is. I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the First Amendment protects every citizen’s right to free exercise of religion, and we, in Congress, must be zealous and vigilant partners with the Constitution in that enterprise. From Charleston, South Carolina, to Charlottesville, Virginia; from suburban Maryland, where racial bias incidents are up 80 percent in my congressional district in 2017, to California, Oregon, and all over the country, America has seen a surge in threats and violence against individuals and religious real property in our country, all in an effort to deter our citizens from practicing their faith, or simply to assault or kill them for doing so. There has also been a rise in threats made by telephone, in person, by email, or by phone all over the country, including to churches, synagogues, and mosques. In the first 7 months of this year, there were 63 reported incidents against mosques across 26 States, spanning from Florida to Hawaii. Clearly, Congress must act. We have excellent legislation in H.R. 1730 to expand our law to include threats of force, as well as to toughen up the penalties for this kind of conduct. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this is good, bipartisan legislation to protect the religious freedom of people of all faiths. It is particularly important that we stand up at a time when some religious faiths are under particular pressure from those who would attempt to smother their ability to freely exercise their religious beliefs by intimidation. This legislation speaks strongly to that. Mr. Speaker, I thank Members on both sides of the aisle. I thank Mr. KUSTOFF , Mr. K ILMER , and others for their good work. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this important legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1730, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 672. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, during rollcall Vote number 672 on H.R. 2706, I mistakenly recorded my vote as ‘‘nay’’ when I should have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
PROTECTING RELIGIOUSLY AFFILIATED INSTITUTIONS ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1730) to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for the protection of community centers with religious affiliation, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 402, nays 2, not voting 27, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema 
Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Barletta Bass Blackburn Bridenstine Buchanan Butterfield Clay Davis, Danny DesJarlais Gohmert Gowdy Gutie´rrez Harper Jackson Lee Kennedy Messer Pocan Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher Sanford Simpson Sires Tiberi Tsongas Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, earlier this evening, the House passed H.R. 3359, the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency Act, and I would like to commend Homeland Security Committee Chairman MCCAUL and Ranking Member THOMPSON for their efforts getting it through the House, along with my colleagues on the Homeland Security Committee. This bipartisan bill makes long overdue changes to the organization of the National Protection and Programs Directorate, or NPPD, to reflect its growing operational role in cybersecurity. Despite it being notionally a headquarters component, NPPD is home to the government’s premier cyber incident response teams; the 24/7 watch floor and information sharing hub; and the Federal Network Resilience Division, tasked with supporting other agencies in defending their networks. NPPD is also charged with leading asset response activities under the National Cyber Incident Response Plan. H.R. 3359 recognizes that these activities go far beyond NPPD’s original mission and raises the renamed component to an agency on par with Customs and Border Protection or the TSA. Mr. Speaker, I hope the bill makes crystal clear that DHS is the primary agency for domestic cybersecurity in peacetime, and I encourage young people looking at cybersecurity careers to consider joining the vanguard at this new agency. I look forward to its swift passage and consideration in the Senate. 
SEX AND LABOR TRAFFICKING IN LIBYA (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the auctioneer shouted: ‘‘Does anybody want to buy a worker? Here is a worker, a big strong man. He will dig. ‘‘What is the bid? What is the bid? ‘‘Sold to the highest bid of $400.’’ Mr. Speaker, West Africans go to Libya thinking that they will get a job in Europe but, instead, are sold in Libya to labor and sex traffickers. These Africans simply seek a new life, free from terrorism, persecution, and famine; however, they become victims of modernday slavery. In the years following the United States’ overthrow of the Libyan Government, the nation became a failed state. Sinking further into despair, the failed state became a brothel of slavery: human sex and labor trafficking. People are bound to the slave block and sold at the marketplace of sex slavery and labor trafficking. Mr. Speaker, slavery is a crime against humanity, and the United States must exercise caution when toppling regimes without understanding the longterm consequences like human slavery. And that is just the way it is. f 
CONGRATULATING MONTCLAIR HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL TEAM (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Montclair High School Mounties football team for winning their State championship game against the Union City Soaring Eagles. The Mounties’ senior running back, Daniel Webb, returned the championship game’s opening kickoff 92 yards for a touchdown only 13 seconds after the game began. The Mounties never lost their lead. They beat Union City 35–14 and won New Jersey’s North 1, Group 5 State championship. This was Montclair’s third perfect season and fourth State championship in the past 6 years. The championship is a big win for everyone in Montclair, New Jersey. For weeks, local businesses and community groups came together to support the Mounties. At the championship game, on December 1, more than 1,500 fans turned out to cheer their team on. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating head coach John Fiore and the Montclair Mounties football team for their big win in a stellar year. 
PREVENTING MATERNAL DEATHS (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in support of the Preventing Maternal Deaths Act. This bill would strengthen States’ abilities to combat pregnancyrelated and pregnancyassociated deaths. Unfortunately, the number of these deaths in the United States has increased, according to the CDC. We also have the highest maternal mortality rate of any developed country, and we are the only country where maternal deaths continue to rise. That is why this bill is so important: It helps States establish and support maternal mortality review committees to examine the causes of these deaths and then identify solutions that fit their community. It addresses disparities in maternal health outcomes and offers these committees the tools to collect the data they need to address— and, hopefully, to eliminate—the causes of these unnecessary tragedies. Minnesota’s committee has already shown promise but would benefit from 
the additional resources this legislation provides. Mr. Speaker, this bill enjoys bipartisan support and could reduce the number of unnecessary pregnancyrelated and pregnancyassociated deaths. By taking this important step, we can and will save lives. 
NET NEUTRALITY (Ms. GABBARD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, in 3 days, the internet as we know it could change forever. On December 14, the FCC will be taking a vote on whether or not to get rid of net neutrality protections that keep the internet open, fair, and equal for everyone. Repealing these protections will allow internet service providers like Verizon, Comcast, and AT&T to control the levers of the internet—stifling access, deciding which websites you and I can visit and use, and making it virtually impossible for small businesses to compete against industry giants. It will hurt our students, entrepreneurs, working families, and all who rely on the internet for things from education to healthcare to employment as a level playing field of opportunity. The FCC must protect the people it is supposed to be serving, not big corporate interests, and make sure that the internet remains a place where everyone has a seat at the table. 
SUPPORT YOUNG FARMERS AND VETERANS (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Farmers of Tomorrow Act, a bill that Congresswoman CHERI BUSTOS and I recently introduced. Our bill was designed to make it easier for young farmers and veterans to purchase new land to begin a farming career. New and beginning farmers can obtain ownership loans through USDA to buy land, but too many experience difficulty due to outdated experience requirements that do not take into account the variety of paths future farmers can take to prepare to run their operations. The Farmers of Tomorrow Act allows new, beginning, or veteran farmers to count various experience toward the current 3year experience requirement to make it easier to access USDA financing. This includes an honorable discharge from the United States military, successful completion of a farm management curriculum, at least 1 year as hired farm labor with management responsibilities, and more. Access to land is essential for supporting the next generation of farmers. This legislation will help get more Americans involved in agriculture, while strengthening rural communities. I encourage all my colleagues to support it. f 
TAX PROPOSAL (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, this week the Republican leadership will reconcile the House and Senate tax proposals. In doing so, I strongly urge my colleagues to put politics aside and put working families first. To do this, we need to enable employers and workers to invest in new skills for emerging jobs in our evolving economy. We need to spur infrastructure investment. We need to promote innovation, entrepreneurship, and new business formation. We need to ensure that every American has access to a quality education that prepares them for a successful career. We need to do all of this without exploding the national debt. The plans before the committee do not pay for themselves. Unfortunately, they do not guarantee against cuts to Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security either, and they do not put working families first. For the sake of our economy and for the sake of our seniors, students, and working families, I strongly urge the conferees to produce a bill that focuses on their needs. 
b1915 RECOGNIZING SERGEANT VINCENT SCALISE (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Sergeant Vincent Scalise, the founder of the Central New York Veterans Outreach Center in Utica, New York. Sergeant Scalise has served our Nation in the Army National Guard for over 19 years and was deployed to Afghanistan and Iraq with the 2nd Battalion, 108th Infantry. Sergeant Scalise has also responded to multiple natural disasters and homeland security missions, and was awarded the New York National Guard’s Colonel Gouverneur Morris Citizen/Soldier Award. In 2008, Sergeant Scalise saw an opportunity in the vacant YMCA building in downtown Utica for a veterans outreach center to serve veterans and their families in times of need. His vision and hard work has created a safe and welcoming refuge for veterans and their families. Currently, the Central New York Veterans Outreach Center administers a Federal grant to aid veterans in danger of becoming homeless, and it has a food pantry onsite for veterans and their families, among a variety of other services. Work has begun to construct 18 onsite housing units, and the center has been awarded its fourth consecutive Federal veteran homeless prevention grant. I commend Sergeant Scalise for his dedicated service to our country, community, and fellow veterans, and I wish the center many more years of growth and success. f 
HONORING ALBERT O. ORTA (Mr. GARAMENDI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, the recent passing of the father of my district director brings me to the floor today to speak about the extraordinary career of Albert O. Orta and his selfless service to our Nation. He began his career in the U.S. Air Force at Lackland Air Force Base in 1947, where he became an expert on radar and communications equipment. In 1949, he married Mary Louise Guerrero, which resulted in 12 children, 31 grandchildren, and 29 greatgrandchildren. Mr. Orta was a busy man, but he also served his country after leaving the U.S. Air Force. He became an expert in radar engineering and communications, working on the B–29, B–36, B–47, and B–52, as well as fighter jets F–84, F–86A, F–89, F–102, and F–106. His outstanding accomplishments and his willingness to serve our Nation faithfully and to the best of his abilities brought him praise from President Jimmy Carter and a host of generals all around this Nation. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues and the United States House of Representatives to join me in honoring Albert O. Orta for his distinguished career and his proud service to our country. 
CALLING AN ANGEL (Mr. OLSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, the Bible says angels come down from Heaven to end our pain. On December 9, 2006, God called an angel home to end our pain. Her name was Chelsey Campbell. She died of cancer at age 16. Our Lord put Chelsey in the hearts of two dear friends, Trish and Kevin Kline. They started the Snowdrop Foundation to end cancer for all kids. Kevin is a DJ on the 93Q Morning Zoo. Loyal listeners call Kevin ‘‘Gumpman.’’ He is joined by two partners, Erica ‘‘La Reina Hermosa’’ Rico and Tim ‘‘Knucklehead’’ Tuttle. Every Christmas, 93Q partners with Snowdrop and the Texas Children’s Hospital for a radiothon. All December, stories are aired on iHeartRadio from parents and kids who are fighting cancer. 
Please tune in. If you listen closely, you will hear Chelsey’s voice and feel her heart. 
APP CHALLENGE WINNERS (Ms. JAYAPAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize West Seattle High School students Will Rasmussen and Aidan Day as the winners of Washington’s Seventh District Congressional App Challenge. Will and Aidan developed an app that helps students and teachers maximize learning time in the classroom by automating the checking of attendance, which often takes several minutes of class. Will’s and Aidan’s design uses RFID technology to let students quickly tag into class using a keycard similar to ORCA cards, our region’s transit access cards which allow passengers to pay their bus and train fare by swiping their cards. Our diverse group of App Challenge judges praised Will’s and Aidan’s ingenuity. Microsoft enterprise specialist Hammad Rajjoub called it ‘‘a great idea to bring to life,’’ because ‘‘time is the most important asset we all have.’’ Other judges suggested scaling it up for use in other school districts. Will’s and Aidan’s winning project is a model for all of us to use our creativity, knowledge, and ultimately the technology we create to benefit the greater good and improve our communities. Congratulations, Will and Aidan. 
GIRL SCOUTS OF WATAUGA COUNTY (Ms. FOXX asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, as we approach Christmas, many of us consider the season of giving and some also think of Christmas cookies. Equally, when many consider giving back, or cookies, they think of the Girl Scouts. However, Mr. Speaker, it is important to note that Girl Scouts do more than sell cookies. They actively work to improve their communities all year long. Five Girl Scouts in Watauga County recently received the bronze and silver awards for outstanding community service. A few troops earned awards for redecorating a library reading cave to encourage classmates to spend more time learning. Another Girl Scout taught a free dance class so that children who couldn’t afford lessons wouldn’t miss out. Last, one Girl Scout sought to help end hunger in Watauga County. She wrote thankyou cards to sponsors that provided funds for healthy Thanksgiving meals to feed the hungry. These young women are a credit to their parents and to our communities. I congratulate these young women on their wellearned awards, and I look forward to their continued success. f 
RECOGNIZING WILLIAM ADAMCAK (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life of Mr. William Adamcak, who passed away on November 23, 2017, at 98 years of age. Mr. Adamcak was a true patriot and an American war hero, serving in World War II, the Korean war, and the Vietnam war. He received the Purple Heart for his service in Dday during World War II. Even though he and the rest of the Allied forces faced heavy Nazi resistance, Mr. Adamcak led his men through the infamous Omaha Beach and into the French uplands, where they dug foxholes. Huddled in their foxholes, they faced heavy mortar attack from the Germans. But through Mr. Adamcak’s bravery, training, and leadership, he led his men to a successful completion of their mission. Mr. William Adamcak was a living legend and hero, and I could not be more honored to recognize this man from the Greatest Generation on the House floor today. He will truly be missed. 
CLOSE THE INVESTIGATION (Mr. GAETZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, there is an intractable bias and prejudice that infects Robert Mueller’s investigation of President Trump and his team. Look no further than Peter Strzok. He was central to clearing Hillary Clinton by changing the information in her exoneration statement from grossly negligent to extremely careless. Then, somehow, he gets drafted into the Mueller probe and starts sending anti Trump, proHillary text messages to his mistress. Then we learn that Bruce Ohr, who was also involved in the investigation, met with Fusion GPS officials proximate to their interactions that impacted the election. Now we have learned that the wife of Bruce Ohr—the wife of a senior official involved in this investigation—was moonlighting, working for Fusion GPS and bringing up scandalous, unverified, and salacious accusations against the President. Even Mueller’s number two, Andrew Weissmann, praised Sally Yates for defying a direct order from the President. It is time to bring this witch hunt of an investigation to a close and move on to Make America Great Again. 150 YEARS OF HBCU EXCELLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. TAYLOR ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. ADAMS ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the subject of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, for the next 60 minutes, we have a chance to speak directly to the American people on issues of great importance to the Congressional Black Caucus, the Congress, our constituents, and all Americans. I acknowledge all the members of the Congressional Black Caucus who are here, and most specifically, Congressman RICHMOND , who helped to organize this Special Order hour. As we convene tonight, we are going to recognize our HBCUs, and more specifically, the nine HBCUs under the caption of: 150 Years of Excellence. I rise today to honor our Historically Black Colleges and Universities, and in particular, the nine schools that are celebrating 150 years. As a member of the CBC’s Task Force on HBCUs and as cochair of the bipartisan HBCU Caucus, I have the distinct pleasure of honoring all of the following schools of the HBCU 9 for this remarkable achievement: Alabama State University; BarberScotia College; Fayetteville State University; Howard University, Morehouse College; Morgan State University; St. Augustine University; Talladega College; and from my very own 12th District in North Carolina, Johnson C. Smith University. The achievement of these schools across the past 150 years are beyond remarkable and their reputation as incubators of innovation and Black leadership is an incredible accomplishment in and of itself. From humble beginnings, these schools have been able to persevere, despite decades of discrimination and intentional neglect, in order to provide African Americans a first class education. Mr. Speaker, I stand here today as a living testament to the necessity and the importance of HBCUs. My mother, who raised me, was not an educated woman. She wasn’t able to obtain a high school education. She didn’t attend an HBCU, for that matter. But she understood how important education would be in my life. She did domestic work. She cleaned other folks’ houses so I wouldn’t have to because she understood how important it was for me to go to school. 
But like those visionaries who founded these schools after surviving the horrors of slavery, my mom dreamed of a better future for me, her daughter. When I could not fully recognize the potential in myself, it was an HBCU, North Carolina A&T State University, that saw something in me and made a committed investment toward my success. North Carolina A&T State University gave a poor Black girl from the ghetto of Newark, New Jersey, an opportunity because it believed in opportunity and the fundamental importance of education that W.E.B. Du Bois spoke about when he said: ‘‘Of all the civil rights for which the world has struggled and fought for 5,000 years, the right to learn is undoubtedly the most fundamental.’’ A&T took me where I was. They got me to where I needed to be. They shaped and molded me into what they knew I could become. Just as our HBCUs have done for many of our colleagues who join me in the people’s House today, our HBCUs are responsible for educating 20 Members of this esteemed body and one Member of the U.S. Senate. But that is only a small part of the story that these schools are continuing to tell. HBCUs also contribute 50 percent of AfricanAmerican professionals and public schoolteachers. They contribute 25 percent of all AfricanAmerican STEM graduates, 40 percent of all AfricanAmerican engineers, 50 percent of AfricanAmerican lawyers, and 80 percent of AfricanAmerican judges. b1930 Most plainly, HBCUs are responsible for building today’s AfricanAmerican middle class—this is a record to be proud of—and, of all of these accomplishments, without the assistance and support from the government and our private sector partners that they need and deserve. Mr. Speaker, as we stand here tonight, as the CBC, to honor HBCUs, we remain vigilant about the current dangers that they face. Many HBCUs still suffer from barriers for access for students, such as affordability, and the overall financial instability of both the students they serve and of the institutions themselves, due to a lack of access to funding. As many of you know, one of my first tasks when I entered Congress was to launch the bipartisan HBCU Caucus, with my cochair BRADLEY BYRNE from Alabama. Vice chairing our caucus is TERRI SEWELL and B ENNIE THOMPSON , and FRENCH HILLon the Republican side. Since its inception, we have witnessed fortunate growth to a total of 58 Representatives and 2 Senators. We came together to create a national dialogue around HBCUs for our Members and their staffs about the issues impacting our schools. We also came together to draft meaningful bipartisan legislation. In accomplishing the first aim, the willingness of Members to attend today illustrates that a national dialogue has begun. Before we leave here today, our Members and our staffs, who couldn’t join us tonight, will, hopefully, learn and know the issues. To achieve the third legislative goal, it will take the collective effort of all of us who have been entrusted to work here in the people’s House. Tomorrow, I and my colleagues on the Education and the Workforce Committee will debate a reauthorization of the Higher Education Act, a flawed piece of legislation that, in many respects, will devastate HBCUs and their students. Consideration of this measure illustrates how we need that collective effort from both sides of the aisle to work together now, more than ever. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues tonight, dedicated to the achievement of HBCU students and graduates, to come together to work to increase access and career opportunities. I hope we can all, tonight, vow to take substantive action and recognize that the government cannot take on this aim and this challenge alone. Let’s work with our private partners to create pathways of opportunity for our students, placing them in fields that will make the AfricanAmerican middle class larger and stronger than ever. Let’s vow to continue listening to our HBCUs and their able administrators, to ensure that they have the tools and the resources to make that happen, for only then can we ensure that these valuable institutions not only survive, but that they thrive. We have a number of universities in North Carolina for public HBCUs and six private HBCUs, and we are so very proud of all of our HBCUs throughout this Nation. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. THOMPSON ), my colleague. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I represent the Second District of Mississippi. I would like to pay tribute to those four Historically Black Colleges that reside in the Second District, but before I do, I want to, for the RECORD , make sure that people understand the role of Historically Black Colleges and how they actually came to exist. For those who think education has always been here for anyone who would want it, I just take you back to that 150 years ago that my colleague from North Carolina talked about. Well, that 150 years was the beginning of people recognizing that African Americans should have the opportunity to go to school, just like anyone else. But, unfortunately, in this country, if you were of color, there were no provisions for you to have a college education. So, for a lot of people in this country, it didn’t matter how bright they were, it was the fact that there were no institutions available for you to go. It is also important to look at my situation in my area that I represent, Mr. Speaker. When I went to college, I had never met an AfricanAmerican doctor, lawyer, dentist, or anything because they didn’t exist. When I got to college, my college physician was an African American, but I went to Tougaloo College. He was a graduate of Tougaloo, and he had to go to medical school out of State because no medical school would admit him. But the most important thing I am saying is that for a lot of professionals who wanted to do good in their communities, they had to go out of State, so Historically Black Colleges were created. I met Martin Luther King, Jr., on the campus of Tougaloo College when I was a student. Tougaloo College and Rust College, in another district, were the only two institutions of higher learning that would allow Martin Luther King, Jr., to speak on their campus, and they both were Historically Black Colleges. So, if for no other reason, Historically Black Colleges have helped level the playing field. They have exposed a number of African American students to a broader view in terms of life and what happens, but they were also put in situations, Mr. Speaker, and an environment that they could relate to. So, Tougaloo College, I salute you. Jackson State University is the largest Historically Black College in the State of Mississippi, well renowned. They have over 10,000 students on its campus. It is the only Statesupported university in the capital city. So we pay special tribute to Jackson State University. They are noted for a number of graduates, too many to name. They continue to excel in every facet of academia. Alcorn State University, the oldest AfricanAmerican land grant college in America, turns out a number of students who have gone on to excel not just in agriculture, but in medicine, law, and education. Mississippi Valley State University, located in Itta Bena, Mississippi, was created to avoid integration. If you look at the charter for Mississippi Valley State University, it was created so Negroes could go to school in the Mississippi Delta and not be forced to integrate into the White colleges. So, for whatever reason, Mississippi Valley State University was created, and it thrives to this point. Mr. Speaker, the most important thing I would like to say is that when I was a student at Jackson State University, I participated in a lawsuit that talked about equity in funding for Historically Black Colleges. It took us 27 years of litigation—Ayers v. Mississippi Institutions of Higher Learning—to prove that the Black schools were not getting the same resources as the White schools. We won the lawsuit and we are now talking about equity in those institutions. As important is not just having the institutions, but those who are State supported, to have the proper resources so their students can become and be 
the best that they can be. It is fitting and proper that we celebrate not just the nine HBCUs, but let’s talk about all of them and the merit and worth that they have given to this country. Mr. Speaker, I pay special tribute— and I think there are about 103 or 104 Historically Black Colleges—106. I stand corrected. So, again, they are doing a wonderful job, but it is the purpose for which they were created. Some people will try to convince that there is no issue with race in America today, and I beg to differ that if it were not for those Historically Black Colleges, a lot of individuals would not be where they are today. If you talk to those 20 Members of the United States House of Representatives who are graduates of Historically Black Colleges, they will talk to you and tell you about the fabric and representation that going to those schools provided to them. I am happy to say that not only is my daughter a graduate of two HBCUs, but my granddaughter is also attending Xavier University of Louisiana in New Orleans. She really didn’t have a choice in the matter, but she thought she did; but at the end of the day, she is a secondyear student there, and I am happy to say that she wouldn’t have it any other way. So that HBCU education is already sinking in. Whatever she chooses to do, I am convinced that her perspective will be far broader because of her attendance at Xavier University of Louisiana. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Mississippi for not only that valuable information, but for the work that he has done over the years and for making an HBCU choice. I did the same thing for my daughter. I said: You go wherever you want, my money is going to an HBCU. But nothing could be finer than to be at an HBCU. It really does so much to get our students to where they need to be, especially those who come the way I did: not fully prepared. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. BISHOP ), from the Second District. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. This is certainly a very, very appropriate tribute. As a product of Morehouse College, I know firsthand the important contribution HBCUs have made in educating, training, and empowering outstanding leaders. Morehouse College is celebrating its sesquicentennial this year. Throughout its 150year history, Morehouse College has made a significant mark on our State, our Nation, and the world. Here, many notable men gained the knowledge and the training that enabled them to become some of the greatest influences of our time, including Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.; noted theologian, Dr. Howard Thurman; civil rights leader, Julian Bond; filmmaker Shelton ‘‘Spike’’ Lee; Olympic gold medalist Edwin Moses; CEO of the Silicon Valley Community Foundation, Emmett Carson; and many more. Morehouse principles often instill a desire for public service to benefit mankind. In the United States Congress, Representative CEDRIC RICHMOND , the chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus; as well as many staff members and former Members of Congress, hold degrees from Morehouse College. U.S. Presidents have relied on alumni, such as former Secretary of Homeland Security, Jeh Johnson; former Secretary of Health and Human Services, Dr. Louis Sullivan; former U.S. Surgeon General, Dr. David Satcher; and former U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations, James Nabrit. Around the country, State and local governments have been led by alumni, such as Maynard Holbrook Jackson, the first AfricanAmerican mayor of Atlanta, Georgia. I have the honor and privilege of representing these two HBCUs in the Second Congressional District of Georgia: Albany State University and Fort Valley State University. Albany State University, with its rich history, dating back to the trials and the triumphs faced by Joseph Winthrop Holley. Albany State University was first founded as the Albany Bible and Manual Institute in 1903. The school gained State funding in 1917, joined the University of Georgia system in 1932, began offering baccalaureate degrees in 1943, and came back strong after severe floods in 1996 as Albany State University, offering graduate programs and advanced degrees. b1945 Today, the university has a total economic impact of $143 million and supports 1,493 jobs in the Albany area. Its educational contributions are significant. Albany State is the third in the Nation for bachelor’s degrees in education for African Americans. It offers 35 degree programs in education, nursing, criminal justice, business administration, public administration; and Albany State University has produced doctors, lawyers, NASA engineers, military officers, college university presidents, teachers, preachers, mayors, legislators, business people, millionaires, and Olympic medalists. The Fort Valley State University, which I have the honor of representing, was founded 120 years ago. Fort Valley is Georgia’s only 1890 landgrant institution charged with educating and empowering its students and its surrounding community. As many of you are aware, 1890 institutions, including Fort Valley State University, were created to ensure access to higher education in the agricultural and natural resource sciences to serve the underserved and reach the unreached. Fort Valley has always been known to not only train and graduate tomorrow’s talented leaders but to ensure that these leaders are as diverse as the communities they serve in their skill sets, their experiences, and their perspectives. Fort Valley State University has excelled at this job. It generates an economic impact of $109 million for its local and regional economy and generates 1,125 jobs. In addition to the educational, social, and community benefits a Fort Valley education provides, it is estimated that Fort Valley State University increases its graduates’ lifetime earnings by 61 percent. As you can see, Historically Black Colleges and Universities are a vital part of the fabric of our educational system. I congratulate them for their contributions to our Nation, and I look forward to their continued tutelage for generations of future leaders for this country and the world. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. BISHOP ), the Morehouse man. I thank him very much for his contributions tonight and for all he has done. Mr. Speaker, may I ask how much time I have left. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from North Carolina has 39 minutes remaining. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Ohio’s Third District (Mrs. BEATTY ). Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, it is, indeed, my honor to join my colleagues tonight to recognize and celebrate 150 years of excellence in education at HBCUs. I thank the congresswoman from North Carolina’s 12th Congressional District (Ms. ADAMS ) for leading the charge tonight. And to our CBC chairman, Congressman CEDRIC RICHMOND , I thank him for allowing us to come forward and not only tell our stories about the 150 years, but to demonstrate to all of those, Mr. Speaker, who are watching tonight, that we set an example for others to follow. The nine HBCUs celebrating their 150th anniversaries this year have been educating and transforming Black students across this Nation into leaders. For 150 years, HBCUs have weathered the violence of Jim Crow laws and funding cuts to continue to be the light in many of our overlooked communities. While my alma mater, Central State University, hasn’t been here for 150 years, it was established in 1887. And in 2014, it received the designation as a landgrant university, the last of the HBCUs to become a landgrant. For 130 years, Central State University has been that light, that training ground for AfricanAmerican change makers—AfricanAmerican change makers in a nation like you see in this picture. It was just a few months ago I traveled back for my homecoming to celebrate with friends and classmates, 130 years. It is 130 years of a university that has produced classmates like Nancy Wilson, Leontyne Price, Orlando Brown, Arsenio Hall, Jason Thomas, a United States Marine who was there during the aftermath of 9/11 and rescued people. Also, we have people like 
Elizabeth Eckford, one of the Little Rock Nine, a group of AfricanAmerican students who, as we all remember, in 1957, were the first Black students ever to attend classes at Little Rock Central High School. I am very thankful for 40plus years of friendships with individuals like Zenobia Leavell. And when I think of Linda Brown, and as we call her ‘‘Lulu,’’ for organizing this picture, because we stand tall, and we represent all sectors of this community. Central State provided an education for this little girl from Dayton, Ohio, when my mother and father sat down and they were able to put their dollars and cents together to not only send me, but to send every one of my siblings to an HBCU university. They said: We want you to go there, but we want you to come back. Little did they know that I would stand in the Halls of Congress and advocate for HBCU universities. Attending Central State University changed my life. It is important for you to know, when we talk about HBCUs, I know it all too well. Just yesterday, I sat at our kitchen table with my grandbabies and their parents and my husband, and our conversation—I was so proud because, you see, it was Howard University, Morehouse College, and Spelman College that produced us. When you think about my husband, an attorney, a graduate of Howard University; when you think about Otto III, an attorney and entrepreneur and graduate of Morehouse College; when you think of Laurel Beatty Blunt, a common pleas court judge and a graduate of Spelman College; I am so proud that when I sat there and I looked at my grandbabies, Leah and Spencer, and as Leah beamed because she was wearing a Tshirt that said: I am Spelmanbound, Grammy; and then there is Spencer, who will be going to Morehouse, that is because we stand on the shoulders of so many. Why do we come tonight? We come to tell you that 40 percent of all Black Members of Congress are graduates of HBCUs; 12.5 percent of all Black CEOs, HBCUs; half of all the Black professors at nonHBCUs; 50 percent of all Black lawyers, graduates of HBCUs; and 80 percent of all Black judges, graduates of HBCUs. When I think about today, with Trump’s administration and with their proposals to cut Pell grants, when I think about the threats to hold construction grants, when I think about Republicans’ assault on students in the Republican tax scam hike, it is a sad day in America. We come today because we want our voices to be heard, because we know, in the words of one of our own, Barbara Jordan: ‘‘Education remains the key to both economic and political empowerment. That is why schools charged with educating African Americans have, perhaps, the deepest challenge of all.’’ Mr. Speaker, let me end by saying two things in the words of Nelson Mandela, and I think it sums it all up: ‘‘Education is the most powerful weapon you can have to change the world.’’ That is why I stand here with my colleagues, standing up for HBCUs, standing up that this administration will understand that we expect—no, we demand to get the appropriate funding so our children, our grandchildren, and generations yet unborn will have the same opportunities that I have had and so many more, because when HBCUs succeed, America succeeds. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. BEATTY ) for her participation and for all of the work that she continues to do, and we are so very proud of her acknowledgment tonight of our HBCUs. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from the 14th District in Michigan (Mrs. LAWRENCE ). Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the congresswoman from the great State of North Carolina (Ms. ADAMS ) for her endless passion for education of the next generation and her strong support of our HBCUs. I also want to acknowledge our chairman, CEDRIC RICHMOND , our CBC chairman. Mr. Speaker, I stand here today to recognize something truly incredible. This year, nine Historically Black Colleges and Universities are celebrating their 150th anniversaries, 150 years of excellence, of endurance, and of new opportunity, collective strengths, and a core belief in the value of education. Mr. Speaker, we so often talk about the American Dream, and we talk about that ladder of success that any American can have if they work hard and get an education. We all know that that first rung of that ladder is clearly education, and if we do not keep our promise in America to educate, we are failing in our American commitment to excellence in developing all young people to obtain their greatness. As we look upon these accomplishments of 150 years, we are reminded how important and how vital these schools have been to the advancement of African Americans. Mr. Speaker, by establishing these amazing places or institutions of learning, against all odds, and by turning them into worldclass institutions, AfricanAmerican leaders have made it clear that we hold the belief in education just as dearly as anyone else in America. However, to ensure that some day we can celebrate these amazing institutions’ 200th and 300th anniversaries, it is critical that we, as a country, resist the shameful attacks on our education system. Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, the current tax plan being negotiated by my Republican colleagues threatens our educational system like never before. It pains me to stand here tonight congratulating 150 years of academic excellence while a small group of Republicans are working behind closed doors to strip educational opportunities for millions of Americans. I do not believe that this is what the constituents voted for. U.S. citizens did not vote for higher student loan payments, teachers digging deeper in their pockets to supply the basic needs for their students, and a punishing tax on university endowments. This is truly a tax scam. But perhaps the most senseless attacks on this success are coming from the White House. Earlier this year, I was horrified to see the President refer to the HBCUs as ‘‘unconstitutional’’ simply because they were the answer to a fundamentally unequal education system. And let me be clear, HBCUs were created because there were no other choices. However, this feeling of being horrified or disappointed, I had frequently this year. While I am horrified, unfortunately, it is no longer a surprise. After all, this is a President who refused to denounce the blatant racism in Charlottesville and whose Education Secretary foolishly called HBCUs the ‘‘pioneers of school choice.’’ Clearly she doesn’t know the history because there was no choice, Mr. Speaker. b2000 While this can be unfortunate, disappointing, and even sickening, HBCUs were born out of adversity, and I see no reason to cave to the pressure now. We need to protect our HBCUs for future generations, for tomorrow’s leaders because, as we continue to see, equality is a fight. Equality is a process. I know a day will come, and I pray that I will be able to see with my own eyes, that equality in education and equality in this country is a reality. But until then, we must acknowledge today’s successes, the successes of these amazing places, institutions of learning, and continue to fight for tomorrow’s dreams of our next generation. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Michigan for her contribution tonight and for her support of Historically Black Colleges and Universities. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from North Carolina has 24
1⁄2 minutes remaining. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from the Third District of Virginia (Mr. SCOTT), who is the ranking member on the Education and the Workforce Committee. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. I also want to thank her for her leadership in organizing this Special Order and for her leadership of the Historically Black Colleges and Universities Caucus. HBCUs provide a great value to America, and I am honored to represent a congressional district that is home to two HBCUs: Hampton University, which celebrates its 150th anniversary next year, and Norfolk State University. Since their inception, HBCUs have been the cornerstone of postsecondary 
education for the AfricanAmerican community. This was true 150 years ago and remains true today. HBCUs account for no more than 3 percent of all colleges and universities, yet they enroll almost 10 percent of all African American undergraduate students and produce about 15 percent of all bachelor’s degrees earned by African Americans. They also produce 25 percent of AfricanAmerican STEM graduates and 33 percent of AfricanAmerican science and engineering Ph.D.’s. Approximately half of all AfricanAmerican teachers graduated from HBCUs. Many of them choose to teach in highminority, lowincome school districts where they serve as role models for their communities. As ranking member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce, I know the prominent role that HBCUs play in our higher education landscape. I believe that strengthening and supporting them must be a key priority as Congress looks ahead to taking action on the reauthorization of the Higher Education Act. However, it does not appear that the majority shares that belief. The Committee on Education and the Workforce meets tomorrow morning at 10 to mark up H.R. 4508, a partisan rewrite of the Higher Education Act that was drafted in secret, introduced less than 2 weeks ago, and is now being considered in committee without a single hearing on the bill. Mr. Speaker, HBCUs, those who lead them, those who support them, and those who hope their children might one day attend them, should be gravely concerned with H.R. 4508. This is a bad deal for students, a bad deal for schools, and a bad deal for working families. This bill would decimate the Federal student aid for lowincome students. It would significantly reduce available aid for grants—that is money that students don’t have to pay back, forcing them to borrow more money. It leaves the Pell Grant program as the only remaining grant aid, yet it fails to increase Pell dollars, fails to increase the Pell maximum award to account for inflation, and it expands eligibility to lowquality programs without any Federal oversight. This bill changes the available terms for Federal student loans, making them far less generous than current law, and eliminates the Public Service Loan Forgiveness program, a program that attracts the best and the brightest to forgo higher salaries in exchange for public service. H.R. 4508 caps loan amounts for graduate students and families, pushing them into higher interest, private markets, and even bars graduate students from participating in Federal work study. The Republican bill fails to reauthorize the Perkins Loan Program, a campusbased aid program that allows low income students to access lowcost loans, and eliminates other forms of campusbased aid. Mr. Speaker, there is no way around it. This is a bad bill. H.R. 4508 will force students to borrow more money, pay more to borrow more, and pay more when they pay that money back. It makes college more expensive at every step of the process, putting college and graduate degrees further out of reach for lowincome and minority students. Those are groups that are already underrepresented in our higher education system and served at higher rates by HBCUs and other minority serving institutions. Further, the bill makes no additional investment in minorityserving institutions and other underresourced institutions, institutions that tend to serve communities of color, and eliminates grant programs that support minority students who want to pursue postgraduate degrees. The bill would even incentivize institutions to forgo enrollment of highrisk students. Lastly, the bill prioritizes low or no quality workforce training over more advanced credentialing, potentially exacerbating what is on track to become a twotiered system of higher education: college and graduate school for the wealthy, and directtoworkforce training for the poor. While not every student seeks to pursue a 4year degree or even a graduate degree, every student must have that option and opportunity to make that choice. According to the United Negro College Fund: ‘‘We remain deeply concerned that H.R. 4508 falls short of enabling college success for minority and lowincome students who can help our country compete and win the global economy. On balance, the PROSPER Act would cause minority and lowincome students to pay more to earn their college degrees at a time when they should be paying less. In addition, we are concerned that one theme of the bill is to highlight shortterm training options, when a 4year college degree has a substantially greater payoff, in general, with higher lifetime earnings and lower unemployment—and this payoff may be the greatest for minority and lowincome students. Further, a significant shortcoming of the bill is it fails to make any new investment in HBCUs which pull above their weight in producing AfricanAmerican college graduates and, worse, it cuts the current Federal investment in these institutions.’’ Mr. Speaker, we want to ask what problem H.R. 4508 is trying to solve. Does the majority think there is too much money to send poor and minority students to college? Does the majority think that there are too many poor students and minority students accessing and completing their college education? Does the majority think that inequality in higher education is solved? Mr. Speaker, as we rise to commemorate 150 years of HBCU excellence, let us remember that we still have a fight to fight. Let us reject H.R. 4508 and fight for a Higher Education Act that not only honors HBCU excellence, but also builds on it through investing in students and working families. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from North Carolina for organizing this Special Order. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Virginia for his comments and for his work in education. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from the Second District of Pennsylvania (Mr. EVANS ). Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I, too, would like to thank my good colleague from the great State of North Carolina for her leadership on this very important issue. I am proud to stand here with so many of my friends and colleagues tonight for a topic near and dear to my heart: the continued viability and success and importance of HBCUs. Our HBCUs play an incredible critical role in the stability and strength in our Nation. I truly believe, in order to build stronger neighborhoods, better schools, and other communitysustainable institutions, we must go block by block, we must celebrate the diversity, and we must salute the rich history of the HBCUs and the phenomenal contributions that they have made and will continue to make to our communities nationwide. I am so proud to say that, for years, our HBCUs have produced amazing leaders who not only contribute to their respective fields, but who also pride themselves on making sure the next generation of African Americans succeed. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania is the proud home of two exceptional HBCUs: Cheyney University and Lincoln University. They share the distinction of being the first two HBCUs founded in America, a point of great pride to the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Many of my fellow members of the CBC have HBCUs in their States, but they started in Pennsylvania. Many students and residents in the Second Congressional District call Lincoln and Cheyney their alma mater. Cheyney was founded on February 25, 1837, three decades before the Emancipation Proclamation. This year, Cheyney is celebrating its 180th anniversary. Cheyney is located outside of Pennsylvania’s Second Congressional District and is the oldest HBCU in the country. For years, Cheyney was known as a teachers college and has played an incredibly viable role within the Commonwealth, ensuring the elementary, secondary, middle school, and high school teachers at schools in the city of Philadelphia and across the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania are prepared and have the necessary skills in order to train our students for success in the classroom and beyond. That brings us to Lincoln University. Lincoln was established as our Nation’s 
first degreegranting HBCU. Lincoln was designated as the first institution in the world to provide higher education in the arts and sciences for young AfricanAmerican males and is famous for two of the lions of Black American history: Langston Hughes, and the Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall. Today, Lincoln is one of the largest employers in southern Chester County, Pennsylvania. Our HBCUs nationwide are critical to the strength and stability of our Nation. Just like our cities, our schools compete for people. We have the power to continue to define the rich history and the legacies of our HBCUs. I am proud to stand here today with our friends and colleagues to send a strong message that it is on us. It is our job to ensure that we protect these institutions that are true treasures and recognize their significant societal contributions by continuing to ensure their success. I salute the Lincoln Lions and the Cheyney Wolves. Both of these institutions are very proud, and I am proud that they are institutions in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for not only his support, but for his contributions to our Historically Black Colleges and Universities. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from the Sixth District of South Carolina (Mr. CLYBURN ), our final speaker, the Democratic Assistant Leader. Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I stand before this House tonight as the proud Representative of the congressional district that has seven of the eight HBCUs in South Carolina within its borders: Allen and Benedict in Columbia; Claflin and South Carolina State in Orangeburg; Morris in Sumter; Voorhees, Denmark Tech in Denmark, South Carolina; and Clinton College in Rock Hill, South Carolina. I listened intently as some of the speakers spoke before me, and I would like to give just a brief overview of the history of HBCUs. You have heard from the previous speaker that the first HBCU was Cheyney State in 1837. Well, it is kind of interesting. That school was created a few decades before the Emancipation Proclamation, so it means that before slavery was abolished, HBCUs existed. Now, one of the interesting things that took place during the Civil War was the creation of something called the Morrill Act. The gentleman from Vermont, Justin Morrill, introduced legislation to train people not just in agriculture, but in military training. b2015 That law was signed by the President, President Abraham Lincoln, July 2, 1862. Now, the interesting thing is that when the law was enacted, the Southern States refused to implement that law on behalf of people of color. They would not allow any person of color to attend those schools. Consequently, Justin Morrill went back before the Congress and, in 1880, created a second Morrill Act, this time mandating that these schools be established in the former slave States for people of color. Now, I bring that up tonight because one of the speakers talked about President Trump signing a bill earlier this year and issuing what we call a signing statement. In his statement, he said that he is going to sign the bill, though he questioned the constitutionality of that section of the bill that funded Historically Black Colleges and Universities. Just think about this: the history of this country was to deny educational opportunities to people of color, and now we have a President of the United States today saying that those schools that were established for the express purpose of educating those citizens, that legislation is unconstitutional. If nothing else we have heard from this President bothers you, that one thing should bother every person in the United States of America. Now, I have talked about those schools that I am proud to represent. I met with the President. Unfortunately, I heard stuff all over the weekend about the Congressional Black Caucus refusing to meet with President Trump. That is not true. The leadership of the Congressional Black Caucus did, in fact, meet with him, and though I don’t hold a leadership position, they invited me to go along. So I sat with the President in the Oval Office, and I told the President something that I want to share with the listeners tonight about HBCUs. I told the President the story of a young man whom a lot of people have heard of, Ronald McNair. Ronald McNair was an astronaut who lost his life in the blowup of the Challenger. Ronald McNair came from the little town of Lake City, South Carolina, in the Sixth Congressional District that I proudly represent, and I got to know him and his family very well. We were talking one day as he was getting ready to retire from astronaut school. In fact, that accident of the Challenger was to be his last flight. He was going to retire. He was coming home to be a professor at the University of South Carolina, also in my district. He said to me that when he graduated from high school in Lake City and went off to North Carolina A&T, he had to take remedial courses. Now, everybody talked about Ron McNair. I shared this with the President. I told him, I said: Everybody talked about him having a physics degree from MIT. Nobody talks about the fact that he went to North Carolina A&T. And he said to me: Had it not been for North Carolina A&T, he never would have made it. Why? Because it was on that small campus he was nurtured. When they saw in him that he had the ability to be a great physicist, the ability to be a great astronaut, what he did not have was the background, the educational preparation that was not provided for him in that little rural town that he grew up in, and the same thing is taking place today. There are communities in my congressional district where there are gifted young people, but they come from what we call Gullah Geechee communities from the seacoast, those islands off the seacoast where they are smart, highly intelligent, but they know only the culture that they grew up in. So they may not know how to make a subject and verb agree properly, and, therefore, when they go off to college, would have to take a remedial course in order to get those subjects and verbs to agree. But they are very bright, very smart students, and they have been intentionally undereducated by the States that many of them come out of. I know, for more than 20 years, the Legislature in South Carolina did not fund these schools properly, and we went before the State supreme court. That case lasted for over 20 years, and recently the Supreme Court decided to take the school districts from under that order that it issued some time ago. So these communities have been intentionally underfunded for their public schools, and these students graduate high school, go off to college, and they need the nurturing that they get from an HBCU. So if anybody tells you that HBCUs are unconstitutional, that ought to tell you all you need to know to stay away from that person. I want to close by talking up my alma mater, South Carolina State University. There are a lot of good things to consider about South Carolina State, but one is this, and I want all of you to go and check the record. You will find, if you check all the schools in the country that have produced general officers in the military, general officers of color, you will find that South Carolina State University, and South Carolina State College before it, has produced more African American general officers than any other school in the country, and that includes the service academies. I am very proud of what HBCUs have done, I am very proud of that HBCU that I attended, and I am very proud that Sister ALMAADAMS , who cochairs the HBCU Caucus, has allowed me to speak about it this evening. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from South Carolina, and I can certainly associate myself with those remarks that you spoke about with Ron McNair. I, too, enrolled at North Carolina A&T not fully prepared, but they made a committed investment in me, and I was able to go on and receive my Ph.D. from the Ohio State University only because of North Carolina A&T, an HBCU which has done so much for all of our students. I want to acknowledge Elizabeth City State University; Fayetteville State University; North Carolina A&T, my 
alma mater twice; North Carolina Central University; WinstonSalem State University; BarberScotia College; Bennett College; Johnson C. Smith University, in my 12th district; Livingstone College; St. Augustine’s University; and Shaw University. All of these colleges reside in North Carolina, and we are so very proud of the work that they are doing. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from North Carolina has 1 minute remaining. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, let me just thank all of my colleagues for coming out tonight and to say that we are certainly very proud of our schools, and we celebrate them tonight and every day. We acknowledge the work that they have done. We acknowledge all of the corporate folks who have pledged to work with our HBCUs, our tech companies in connection with Howard University, and all of the other tech corporations that have stepped forward to help us and to help our schools and to continue to enable the young people who so ably deserve a college education are able to do that. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank all of my colleagues who came tonight and those who will join us as we continue to work on behalf of Historically Black Colleges and Universities so that they not only continue to survive, but that they thrive. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to celebrate the 150th Anniversary of Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs). Nine HBCUs—Alabama State University, Barber Scotia College, Fayetteville State University, Howard University, Johnson C. Smith University, Morehouse College, Morgan State University, St. Augustine’s University, and Talladega College, celebrate 150 years of excellence this year. HBCUs are pillars of the black community and important contributors to the strength of our nation. 40 percent of the Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) are graduates from one or more HBCUs and with their representation they continue to remind us of the importance of fighting for these institutions. HBCUs not only provide a college education for 300,000 students every year, but they are economic powerhouses. Since 2017 HBCUs have generated an annual economic impact of $14.8 billion annually—nearly $5 billion higher than in 2006. I’ve seen the substantial impact of HBCUs in my district by the example Paul Quinn College has set. Paul Quinn College plays a major role in the economic success of its graduates by enhancing their education, training and leadership skills. A college degree opens the door to economic prosperity through greater employment and earnings potential. In fact, Paul Quinn College’s class of 2014 can expect total earnings of $53 million over their lifetimes—that’s 77 percent more than they could expect to earn without their college credentials. Paul Quinn College not only contributes to the economic success of its students, but it also provides a foundation for students to grow. Like many HBCUs, Paul Quinn College is committed to the holistic development of their students. Professors not only focus on academic excellence, but they also invest in the professional and individual development of their students. HBCUs will always be a prominent force in our nation. As a member of the Congressional Black Caucus I recognize the importance of its funding and legacy in our country. Please join me in recognizing the legacy of HBCUs across our country. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today. Ms. JACKSON LEE(at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today on account of representational duties in congressional district. 
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled a joint resolution of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker on Thursday, December 7, 2017; 
H.J. Res. 123. Joint resolution making further continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2018, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 26 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tuesday, December 12, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. M CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 3359. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency of the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–454, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 1399. A bill to reduce temporarily the royalty required to be paid for sodium produced on Federal lands, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–455). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 1730. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for the protection of community centers with religious affiliation, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–456). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 1733. A bill to direct the Secretary of Energy to review and update a report on the energy and environmental benefits of the rerefining of used lubricating oil (Rept. 115–457). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 2880. A bill to amend the Federal Power Act to promote closedloop pumped storage hydropower, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–458). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Ms. FOXX: Committee on Education and the Workforce. H.R. 1313. A bill to clarify rules relating to nondiscriminatory workplace wellness programs; with an amendment (Rept. 115–459, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 4171. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to extend the authority to conduct telework travel expenses test programs, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–460). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means discharged from further consideration. H.R. 1313 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Oversight and Government Reform, and Transportation and Infrastructure discharged from further consideration. H.R. 3359 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio (for himself, Mr. LATTA , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. F LORES , Mr. CUELLAR , and Mr. R YANof Ohio): H.R. 4605. A bill to repeal restrictions on the export and import of natural gas; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio (for himself, Mr. LATTA , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. F LORES , and Mr. CUELLAR ): H.R. 4606. A bill to provide that applications under the Natural Gas Act for the importation or exportation of small volumes of natural gas shall be granted without modification or delay; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. LOUDERMILK (for himself, Mr. GOTTHEIMER , and Mr. D UFFY ): H.R. 4607. A bill to amend the Economic Growth and Regulatory Paperwork Reduction Act of 1996 to ensure that Federal financial regulators perform a comprehensive review of regulations to identify outdated or otherwise unnecessary regulatory requirements imposed on covered persons, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. O’HALLERAN (for himself, Mr. COLE, Ms. S INEMA , and Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska): H.R. 4608. A bill to amend the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 to secure urgent resources vital to Indian victims of crime, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 4609. A bill to provide for the conveyance of a Forest Service site in Dolores County, Colorado, to be used for a fire station; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. POLIS (for himself, Mr. ROEof Tennessee, Mr. KIND, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. ALLEN , Ms. B LUNT  ROCHESTER , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Ms. DELBENE, Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. HIGGINS of New York, Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. LOEBSACK , Mr. NORCROSS , Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. P OCAN , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. SABLAN , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. SHERMAN , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. T ROTT , Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. M EEHAN, Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, and Mrs. WALORSKI ): H.R. 4610. A bill to amend the Employee Retirement and Income Security Act of 1974 and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for the electronic delivery of pension plan information; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. DEMINGS (for herself and Ms. PLASKETT ): 
H.R. 4611. A bill to provide an increase in premium pay for certain employees of the Federal Emergency Management Agency during fiscal years 2017 and 2018, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. HOLDING (for himself, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Mr. M EADOWS , Ms. FOXX, Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. B UDD, Mr. WALKER , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, and Mr. JONES ): H.R. 4612. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 125 North Main Street in Louisburg, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Warren E. Massenburg Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS (for herself, Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. HUDSON , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. LONG, Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. PAULSEN , and Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI ): H.R. 4613. A bill to allow the use of claims, eligibility, and payment data to produce reports, analyses, and presentations to benefit Medicare, and other similar health insurance programs, entities, researchers, and health care providers, to help develop cost saving approaches, standards, and reference materials and to support medical care and improved payment models; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MEEHAN (for himself, Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. RUPPERSBERGER , Mr. D ANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. R USH, Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mrs. BUSTOS , and Mr. P ERRY ): H.R. 4614. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for an investment tax credit related to the production of electricity from nuclear energy; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. SINEMA (for herself and Mr. DESANTIS ): H.R. 4615. A bill to amend the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 to require Members of Congress to reimburse the Treasury for amounts paid as awards and settlements resulting from violations of such Act consisting of acts of sexual harassment which were committed personally by the Members, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. MEEKS: H. Res. 655. A resolution calling for Congress to investigate allegations of sexual misconduct against President Trump; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio: H.R. 4605. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio: H.R. 4606. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. LOUDERMILK: H.R. 4607. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution. By Mr. O’HALLERAN: H.R. 4608. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 4609. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. POLIS: H.R. 4610. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mrs. DEMINGS: H.R. 4611. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. HOLDING: H.R. 4612. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 7. By Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS: H.R. 4613. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. MEEHAN: H.R. 4614. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Ms. SINEMA: H.R. 4615. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 5 of the United States Constitution and Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 146: Mr. D ENHAM . H.R. 394: Mrs. COMSTOCK . H.R. 488: Mr. RUIZ. H.R. 502: Ms. WILSON of Florida, Mr. CUELLAR , and Ms. B ASS. H.R. 548: Mr. ROSS. H.R. 632: Mr. BISHOP of Georgia, Mr. CORREA , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. K EATING , Mr. LARSON of Connecticut, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. NORCROSS , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. CUELLAR , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. SCHNEIDER , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. M ICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. L EWIS of Geor gia, Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C APUANO , Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, and Mr. YOHO. H.R. 750: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 846: Mr. HUIZENGA . H.R. 881: Mr. RASKIN . H.R. 946: Mr. RUIZ. H.R. 1267: Mr. MARCHANT . H.R. 1552: Mr. MULLIN , Mr. L AMALFA , and Mr. ROEof Tennessee. H.R. 1555: Mr. SMITH of Missouri and Ms. MENG. H.R. 1676: Mr. MARINO and Mr. C ONAWAY . H.R. 1730: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. MEEHAN , Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , and Ms. K APTUR . H.R. 1861: Mr. RUIZ. H.R. 1865: Mr. COSTA . H.R. 1889: Mr. RUIZand Mr. L ARSON of Con necticut. H.R. 1939: Mr. RUIZ. H.R. 1987: Mr. YARMUTH . H.R. 2044: Mr. KIHUEN , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. PANETTA , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. C LAY, Mrs. DEMINGS , Mr. K ILDEE , and Ms. M ICHELLE  LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 2076: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 2092: Mr. BRAT. H.R. 2106: Mr. SHIMKUS , Mr. W OODALL , Mr. LONG, Mr. K IND, Mr. C RIST, and Mr. W OMACK . H.R. 2150: Mr. HIGGINS of New York and Mr. EVANS . H.R. 2215: Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 2219: Mr. MEEKS and Mrs. B EATTY . H.R. 2287: Mr. POLIS. H.R. 2413: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 2416: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 2491: Mr. PERLMUTTER . H.R. 2570: Mr. ROSS. H.R. 2589: Mr. CONNOLLY . H.R. 2616: Mr. NEWHOUSE . H.R. 2652: Mr. BUCHANAN . H.R. 2687: Mr. PAYNE , Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. DONOVAN . H.R. 2723: Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 2740: Mr. PERRY , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. KIND, and Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California. H.R. 2899: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY and Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 2902: Mr. BROWN of Maryland, Mrs. DEMINGS , Mr. S CHIFF , and Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 2948: Mr. YODER . H.R. 2996: Mr. CARTER of Georgia. H.R. 3010: Mr. BANKS of Indiana. H.R. 3011: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 3030: Ms. BASSand Mr. L OWENTHAL . H.R. 3139: Mr. LAMALFA . H.R. 3239: Mr. RUIZ. H.R. 3256: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 3282: Mr. BRAT. H.R. 3314: Miss RICEof New York. H.R. 3331: Mr. MARSHALL . H.R. 3397: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 3409: Mr. HUNTER and Mr. C UELLAR . H.R. 3464: Mr. TEDLIEUof California, Mr. DEUTCH , and Ms. S LAUGHTER . H.R. 3600: Mr. LAMALFA . H.R. 3635: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa and Mr. M ARSHALL . H.R. 3687: Ms. SHEAPORTER and Ms. HANABUSA . H.R. 3696: Mr. JONES , Mr. B EYER , and Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 3730: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa and Mr. B LUMENAUER . H.R. 3798: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 3871: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 3976: Mr. MARINO , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, and Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 4006: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 4059: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 4092: Mr. THORNBERRY . H.R. 4099: Mr. TIPTON . H.R. 4143: Mr. CUMMINGS , Mr. E VANS , and Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. H.R. 4144: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 4147: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 4170: Mr. RICHMOND . H.R. 4202: Mr. MOULTON , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. SLAUGHTER , and Mr. Q UIGLEY . H.R. 4207: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 4215: Mr. MARSHALL . H.R. 4222: Mr. PANETTA . H.R. 4223: Mr. SOTO. H.R. 4229: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 4240: Mr. SIRES, Mr. S CHRADER , Ms. ESTYof Connecticut, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and Mr. CARSON of Indiana. H.R. 4253: Ms. MATSUI . H.R. 4306: Mr. THOMPSON of California. H.R. 4311: Mr. BANKS of Indiana. H.R. 4328: Mr. HIGGINS of New York and Mr. COFFMAN . 
H.R. 4339: Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 4340: Mr. BABIN, Mr. H ARRIS , and Mr. MEADOWS . H.R. 4363: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 4392: Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. BISHOP of Michigan, Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mrs. LAWRENCE , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. E VANS , Mr. L ARSENof Washington, Mr. C OSTA , and Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 4396: Mr. LANGEVIN , Mr. J ONES , and Mr. CARTER of Texas. H.R. 4424: Mr. PEARCE . H.R. 4434: Mr. ROSKAM . H.R. 4444: Mr. COHEN , Mr. B RADY of Penn sylvania, Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. KEATING , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. RASKIN , Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Ms. JAYAPAL , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. DESAULNIER , and Mr. C ARBAJAL . H.R. 4465: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 4473: Mr. MCKINLEY . H.R. 4474: Mr. LYNCH , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Ms. CLARKE of New York, and Mr. PASCRELL . H.R. 4476: Mr. CRAMER . H.R. 4521: Mr. GRIJALVA and Mr. M OULTON . H.R. 4526: Mr. SMITH of Missouri. H.R. 4527: Ms. SHEAPORTER , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, and Ms. MENG. H.R. 4541: Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. VARGAS , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. RYAN of Ohio, Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. MCGOVERN , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. D ANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. COSTA , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. S LAUGH TER, and Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 4547: Mr. HIGGINS of New York, Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, and Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. H.R. 4582: Ms. NORTON and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 4590: Mr. BABIN. H.J. Res. 48: Ms. MOORE . H. Con. Res. 8: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H. Con. Res. 95: Mr. PETERS . H. Res. 90: Mr. BROWN of Maryland. H. Res. 164: Mr. RUIZ. H. Res. 276: Mr. KIND. H. Res. 310: Ms. BONAMICI . H. Res. 314: Mr. RUIZ. H. Res. 336: Mr. FASO. H. Res. 407: Mr. LAMBORN . H. Res. 466: Mr. RASKIN and Mr. C URBELO of Florida. H. Res. 604: Mr. JONES . H. Res. 640: Mr. CA´RDENAS . H. Res. 643: Ms. CASTOR of Florida. PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, petitions and papers were laid on the clerk’s desk and referred as follows: 
70. The SPEAKER presented a petition of State Representative Luis Arroyo, relative to Illinois House Resolution 164, encouraging the 115th Congress to introduce and pass new legislation on the admission of Puerto Rico as the 51st state; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 71. Also, a petition of Mr. Gregory D. Watson, a citizen of Austin, TX, relative to urging Congress to propose, pursuant to Article V, an amendment to the United States Constitution that would, in addition to congressional proposal, likewise allow an identicallyworded suggested federal constitutional amendment, approved by the legislatures of at least twothirds of the several states, as an alternate means of proposing future amendments and that would further provide for a sameday nationwide referendum as the exclusive method of ratifying any future amendments; thus repealing all references to a national proposing convention, repealing all references to ratifying conventions conducted within the individual states, and repealing all references to state legislative ratification. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7937 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, DECEMBER 11, 2017 No. 201 
The Senate met at 4 p.m. and was called to order by 