Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, for 8
1⁄2 years I have worked for the best people in America, the people of Texas 22. The people of Texas 22 love their neighbors. They love their community, they love life, and they love God. Texas 22 is Katie Vacek. Katie is a senior at Needville High School. Three months before using her Blue Jay wings to fly into her future, God gave her a different flight. She fell out of a tree with her boyfriend, Kernie, watch-ing. She is now paralyzed from the waist down. Kernie, her classmates, and the whole town rallied around Katie and her dreams. Twelve days ago, at her prom with Kernie, she danced. Katie, I don’t want to come between you and Kernie, but I want you to be my date the next time President Trump speaks in this Chamber in Feb-ruary of next year. We will lock this down at the Knights of Columbus on June 6 back home. Keep fighting, knowing that God is with you always. 
f 
BUDGET CUTS TO EDUCATION (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to the budg-et released by President Trump. It is cruel and shortsighted in the extreme: cutting essential investments driving job creation, protecting our environ-ment, funding breakthrough cures, and providing a safety net for the neediest among us. Among the most objectionable are the President’s cuts to education. Funds used for college work-study pro-grams, loan forgiveness for those who enter public service, and dollars used by schools for mental health will not just be cut but be eliminated. For ex-ample, 21st century community learn-ing centers, which offer learning oppor-tunities during nonschool hours for those from our neediest communities, would be completely eliminated. We know these programs work. An evaluation showed program participa-tion improved math and English grades by 30 to 40 percent. In my district, Waukegan Community School District Number 60 uses these funds to offer an extended day program at seven schools to increase academic achievement and build life skills. Mr. Speaker, this budget irrespon-sibly mortgages our future by short-changing our children. I urge my col-leagues to reject this budget. Let’s work together to chart a path that en-sures our Nation’s prosperity. f 
NATIONAL EMS WEEK (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, this week we observe Na-tional EMS Week to celebrate, unify, and inspire the men and women of our Nation’s emergency medical services. The theme this year is Always in Serv-ice, which recognizes our EMS profes-sionals and their constant service to communities throughout this nation. From a young age, children are taught that, in a moment of crisis, they call 911. From illness to injury, whenever the world seems to be ending, society counts on EMS personnel to be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.000 H25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4574 May 25, 2017 
there. They are expected to work hard and be strong, especially in times of trouble. Mr. Speaker, as a volunteer fire-fighter, EMT, and a rescue technician with more than three decades of experi-ence being on the front lines with these EMS professionals, I can personally at-test to their dedication to saving lives. The job of an EMS professional is not easy. It requires just as much compas-sion as it does courage. These men and women are committed to making the world better, so I say thank you. Thank you to the EMTs, paramedics, dispatchers, and supervisors across the country. Thank you for serving. Happy National EMS Week. 
f 
CBO SCORE OF TRUMPCARE PAINTS A DIRE PICTURE (Mr. RUIZ asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, the new American Health Care Act CBO score released yesterday reinforces that this bill is devastating to the American people: 14 million more will be unin-sured within just one year, and 23 mil-lion more will be uninsured over a dec-ade. This analysis paints a dire picture. It confirms that TrumpCare will shift the burden of costs onto our seniors, mil-lions of hardworking families, and pa-tients with preexisting conditions. Those hit hardest are exactly the peo-ple who need care the most, all while giving tax breaks to millionaires and billionaires. What is more, this analysis debunks the gimmicks Republican leaders tried to sell us, saying the bill would do no harm to those with preexisting ill-nesses. In fact, patients with pre-existing conditions will have less cov-erage, be forced to pay more, and even be priced out of the market, just as we expected. This is far too great a toll on the American people, and we must do bet-ter. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF SYRA-CUSE POLICE CAPTAIN RICHARD WALSH (Mr. KATKO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of a dear friend and former colleague, longtime Syra-cuse Police Captain Richard Walsh. For nearly 20 years, I served as a Federal prosecutor in central New York. Dur-ing much of this time, I had the dis-tinct privilege of working alongside Captain Walsh and witnessed firsthand his commitment to serving the city of Syracuse. Captain Walsh joined the Syracuse Police Department in 1970, rising to the rank of captain of detectives. He led a very successful and distinguished ca-reer, retiring in 2011 after 41 years on the job. On the day of his retirement, Captain Walsh was named the grand marshal of the Syracuse St. Patrick’s Day parade, a mark of high distinction for any central New Yorker. In addition to his diligent efforts to keep our community safe, Captain Walsh volunteered countless hours to many community organizations, in-cluding Hunger Project, Huntington Family Center, and the Rape Crisis Center. Eternally proud of his Irish heritage and roots in Tipperary Hill, he devoted many hours to the Syracuse Irish Festival, was a founding member of the St. Patrick’s Day parade com-mittee, and served as president of the Onondaga County Ancient Order of Hi-bernians. Captain Richard Walsh was the true definition of a public servant. He loved his work, he had the utmost respect of his colleagues and community, and he was relentless in his efforts to make central New York a safer and a better place. His kindness and generosity will forever be remembered. May Captain Richard Walsh’s name and legacy for-ever be remembered in the CONGRES -
SIONAL RECORD . Rest peacefully, my friend. 
f 
GLOBAL WEEK OF ACTION ON HUNGER AND FAMINE (Ms. LEE asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a call of action to make sure that the country recognizes that we have got to focus on and talk about the more than 20 million people at risk of famine in South Sudan, Somalia, Yemen, and northeast Nigeria. This is a humanitarian crisis. Starv-ing children and families are crying out for our help. Right now, 1.4 million children are acutely malnourished and at risk of death. Worldwide, an addi-tional 50 million people are severely hungry, surviving day to day on only what they can find. The United Nations is calling this the largest humanitarian crisis that has faced the world since the organiza-tion was founded in 1945. Mr. Speaker, we can end this crisis if we just find the political will. That is why I am joining my colleagues in Congress and humanitarian and faith leaders around the country to mark a Global Week of Action on Hunger and Famine. Earlier this month, we were success-ful in securing an additional $990 mil-lion for famine relief in the fiscal year 2017 spending bill, thanks to a bipar-tisan coalition of Members and our pas-sionate grassroots organizations. But this is not enough. The United Nations needs $4.4 billion by July to avert ca-tastrophe. We need other countries to step up to the plate, and we must abso-lutely preserve our commitment to ad-dressing famine. We cannot allow the Trump adminis-tration’s proposed budget, which would decimate food aid, to be enacted. MEANINGFUL REFORMS FOR THE VA (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to note the veterans’ bills passed by the House of Representatives this week. Amongst the legislation are bills to provide veterans with a cost-of-liv-ing adjustment for disability com-pensation, create a pilot program to explore magnetic resonant therapy as treatment for veterans with mental health conditions, and streamline the disability claims process at the VA, amongst other legislation. I would like to specifically highlight the VA Scheduling Accountability Act. A 2014 investigation found that no less than 40 veterans died while on unau-thorized waiting lists, waiting to re-ceive care that they never got. This is completely unacceptable. This legisla-tion puts into place measures to ensure every facility is in compliance with VA scheduling policies and will withhold any awards or bonuses from any cen-ters who fail to certify their compli-ance. Together with our new VA Secretary David Shulkin, whom we met with this week, I am confident that we will con-tinue to create meaningful reforms for the VA. As we head into the Memorial Day weekend, this is just one way we can honor veterans and those who have fallen for us. 
f 
HONORING HENRI TERMEER (Mr. MOULTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. MOULTON. Mr. Speaker, I come to the floor today to honor a con-stituent, a friend, and a beloved mem-ber of our community, Henri Termeer. Henri was a resident of my hometown in Massachusetts and the retired CEO of Genzyme, the biotech firm credited with launching the Boston biotech rev-olution that now leads the globe. Henri has been described as the epit-ome of a renaissance man, and he em-bodied the nexus of business, culture, and civic responsibility. He also left a lasting imprint on those he loved. His 16-year-old daughter, Adriana, referred to him as the giving tree because of the seemingly endless energy he devoted to the causes he believed in and the lives he touched. At dinner the night he passed away, Henri said to his guests: We are getting older and running out of runway here. We need new leaders now. Mr. Speaker, we would all do well to aspire to be the kind of thoughtful, passionate, and impactful leader Henri was. He saved countless lives, yet he was known for his modesty. Henri was one of the kindest men I have ever known, and we will miss him. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.002 H25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4575 May 25, 2017 
WELCOME TO ROLLING THUNDER (Mr. LANCE asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to welcome the veterans from Rolling Thunder to Washington for their Memorial Day events. Veterans like Gus Dante of Branchburg, New Jersey, serve on Rolling Thunder’s na-tional board, and every year he and others help organize events here in Washington to commemorate those brave Americans lost in war. For 30 years, Rolling Thunder’s voices and motorcycles have been roar-ing in Washington, and lawmakers and the new administration are listening. Veterans’ issues are front and center in the Halls of Congress, and Secretary Shulkin is reforming the Veterans Ad-ministration to restore the trust Roll-ing Thunder and all veterans demand. We must keep up the fight for the rights and benefits veterans have earned in the service to the Nation. I am proud to join with Rolling Thunder in introducing two important meas-ures: legislation to end the 40-mile rule for private care through the VA and legislation to display the POW/MIA flag on Federal properties. Mr. Speaker, on this commemorative Memorial Day weekend, let us all re-call those who answered the call of service, especially those who did not return home. 
f 
PRESIDENT TRUMP’S BUDGET (Mr. JEFFRIES asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, the Trump budget is a disaster for the very people who the President claims he wants to assist. It is reckless, rep-rehensible, and regressive. The Trump budget balances itself on the backs of working families, middle class folks, senior citizens, the poor, the sick, the afflicted, and rural Amer-ica. The Trump budget fails to invest in education and job training, it fails to invest in transportation and infra-structure, and it fails to invest in re-search and development. Instead, the Trump budget would cut Head Start, cut Medicaid, cut assistance to nursing homes, and it even cuts Meals on Wheels. This is all being done simply to pay for tax cuts for the wealthy and the well-off—lifestyles of the rich and shameless. The Trump budget is a dis-aster, and we are going to do every-thing possible to vote it down. 
f 
PROTECTING YOUNG VICTIMS FROM SEXUAL ABUSE ACT OF 2017 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill, H.R. 1973. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. LANCE ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 352 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 1973. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Maine (Mr. P
OLIQUIN ) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b0918 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 1973) to prevent the sexual abuse of minors and amateur athletes by requiring the prompt reporting of sexual abuse to law enforcement authorities, and for other purposes, with Mr. P
OLIQUIN in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read for the first time. The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. C
ONYERS ) each will con-trol 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Today, we are able to continue our efforts in protecting children by pass-ing legislation to protect young ath-letes from abuse. The country was shocked at the revelations in recent years concerning the ongoing abuse en-dured by young athletes at the hands of their coaches and trainers in USA Gymnastics and USA Swimming. These children were betrayed by people they trusted, by people they looked up to, and by people who had a duty to pro-tect them. That is why I am pleased to be on the floor here today in support of the Pro-tecting Young Victims from Sexual Abuse Act. This bill imposes a require-ment to report child abuse for those authorized by U.S. sport national gov-erning bodies, such as USA Gymnastics and USA Swimming, to work with minor athletes or members of these governing bodies. As is the case with existing Federal mandatory reporting requirements, these individuals will be required to make a prompt report to law enforce-ment when they learn of facts that give reason to suspect that a child has suf-fered an incident of child abuse. This provision will ensure that the malfea-sance on the part of national governing bodies, like USA Gymnastics, in failing to report allegations of abuse to law enforcement, never occurs again. The bill further strengthens existing civil remedies for victims of sexual abuse who wish to seek civil damages from their abusers. The bill clarifies that once a victim has established a harm occurred, the court will presume damages of $150,000. It relaxes the stat-ute of limitations for victims. The 10- year period will now begin when the victim reasonably discovers the viola-tion or harm, not when it accrues. It also extends the statute of limitations to 10 years after a legal disability is lifted. In other words, minors who are victims will have 10 years from the time they reach adulthood to file. Finally, the bill expands the author-ity of the national governing bodies to develop practices, policies, and proce-dures to prevent sexual abuse, and clarifies the duties of the bodies in de-veloping these practices. Sports have always been a central as-pect of American life. Sports teach our children about focus, teamwork, and leadership, and we should encourage our children to participate, to be a part of healthy competition; but, in doing so, we need to assure we keep these competitive atmospheres safe. I am pleased to see that the U.S. Olympic Committee has helped to es-tablish a new organization called the Center for Safe Sport, to prevent and respond to emotional, physical, and sexual abuse of young athletes. I want to commend the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. B ROOKS ) for intro-ducing this important legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chair, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of H.R. 1973, the Protecting Young Victims from Sexual Abuse Act, for several rea-sons. Most importantly, this is a reason-able bill and is intended to help protect young athletes from abuse and preserve the sanctity of sports associated with the U.S. Olympic Committee, the orga-nization responsible for preparing and training young athletes who might one day represent their country competi-tively all over the world. Children deserve to fully enjoy the innocence of their youth—by exploring the curiosities of the world, taking pleasure in the arts, and participating in sports—free from hurt, harm, or danger. Involvement in sports, and instruc-tion and guidance from adult coaches, can positively influence a young per-son’s growth and development, as well as his or her potential for future suc-cess into adulthood. The sexual abuse of children and youth is intolerable in any text, and we must take appropriate measures to eliminate it from youth sports. Such exploitation betrays and harms young people, sometimes severely and irrep-arably. Young people look to adults to pro-tect them and keep them safe. We all have a responsibility to do so. With H.R. 1973, we have an oppor-tunity to ensure that individuals abide by this duty. Existing Federal law re-quires certain professionals, such as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.004 H25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4576 May 25, 2017 
doctors, dentists, social workers, psy-chologists, teachers, and daycare work-ers, who regularly interact with chil-dren, to report suspected abuse to law enforcement. While our discussion of this legisla-tion today may focus primarily on sex-ual abuse, H.R. 1973 will require adults who interact with young athletes, in connection to national governing bod-ies of various sports, to report sus-pected abuse of any kind. The need for this legislation is best illustrated by an ongoing scandal of widespread abuse and exploitation of young gymnasts over the course of 20 years within USA Gymnastics, a prominent governing body of the U.S. Olympic Committee. Many complaints of sexual and emo-tional abuse went unreported, allowing coaches, instructors, and doctors to re-peatedly victimize gymnasts as young as 6 years old. The shocking failure of anyone to report accusations through law enforcement, or even keep track of complaints internally, made it possible for some of these predators to commit horrific acts at several gyms in several states. For example, a cloud of allegations of abuse surrounded one particular physi-cian in Michigan going back as far as 1997. Regrettably, allegations against him were not reported to law enforce-ment until recently. Following the first public complaint against him in 2015, more than 100 women have filed complaints accusing him of sexual abuse, and he now faces more than 20 criminal charges in both Federal and State courts. While the USA Gymnastics scandal is unfortunate, let it be an example and incentive to prevent such pervasive abuse elsewhere. Accordingly, I encourage my col-leagues to join me and my chairman in supporting this important legislation. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chair, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from In-diana (Mrs. B
ROOKS ), the chief sponsor of this legislation. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Chair, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 1973, Protecting Young Victims from Sexual Abuse Act. Since my time as U.S. attorney in the Southern District of Indiana, I have been committed to battling child exploitation and abuse. Last year, I was shocked, along with much of the country, when The Indian-apolis Star published an investigative piece that exposed troubling allega-tions of sexual abuse at USA Gym-nastics programs across the country. According to their report, over the last 20 years, at least 368 young people, most Olympic hopefuls, were the vic-tims of sexual abuse at the hands they trusted—coaches, trainers, doctors, and other adults associated with USA Gym-nastics. They reported the abuse to USA Gymnastics, but, unfortunately, USA Gymnastics failed, in many cases, to report those allegations of abuse to law enforcement authorities. The article shed light on their stories and inspired the legislation that is be-fore us today. According to more than 5,600 pages of USA Gymnastics records, released by The Indy Star, some of the 54 coaches, who had been accused of sexual abuse by young athletes in their care, weren’t banned from gymnastics until years after their history of abuse had been reported to and kept in com-plaint files by USA Gymnastics. One USA Gymnastics doctor already referenced, Dr. Nassar, stands accused of having abused young women and girls for more than 20 years. More than 100 women have come forward today to share their stories of abuse at his hands. I understand how challenging it is to share painful stories of sexual abuse, and I am proud of these brave gym-nasts who shared their stories: stories that never should have happened, and stories that went inexcusably unan-swered. Their stories demand our action and our attention, not only to provide vic-tims with the justice denied to them for so long but also to protect future generations of Olympic hopefuls. I want to acknowledge the work of Senator FEINSTEIN of California, who is leading this bill in the Senate, and my colleagues in the bipartisan Women’s Caucus, specifically Representative F
RANKEL of Florida. I want to com-mend the chair and the ranking mem-ber of the Judiciary Committee, and other members of the committee, for taking the lead in protecting young victims from sexual abuse. Our legisla-tion is an important step forward to-ward protecting these young athletes. It addresses that dangerous silence that, as The Indy Star investigative piece showed, plagued USA Gymnastics and other governing bodies of our Olympic sports—a silence that led to more girls being abused, hurt, and harmful coaches, and others, who faced little or no repercussions for their hei-nous actions. The abuse should have been, first and foremost, prevented. The system ut-terly failed when the abuse was not de-tected and not promptly reported. The U.S. Olympic Committee failed and must do better, and I commend them for their work now in working to do better. b0930 Our bill makes sure that national governing bodies entrusted with the health and well-being of athletes and future Olympians promptly report alle-gations of sexual abuse and other abuse to law enforcement authorities and im-plement much stronger policies and procedures to prevent this from hap-pening again. Most importantly, I want to applaud the victims who shared their story to protect others. I really thank them for their courage and for changing the lives of not only young athletes today, but those in the future. I urge passage of the bill, and at this time, I thank the chairman and, again, the ranking member for their leader-ship. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chair, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Florida (Ms. FRANKEL ). Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Chair, I thank my colleague for yielding. Today, I rise as the proud cosponsor of this important legislation with my friend and colleague from Indiana, S
USAN BROOKS . I want to thank her for her work on this, the Judiciary leader-ship, and, of course, Senator D
IANE F
EINSTEIN . Mr. Chair, imagine you are a 10-year- old girl and you have a dream. Your dream is to stand on the podium at a summer Olympics with a medal around your neck, and you are saluting the American flag. You are willing to do a lot for that. You are willing to give up all the kinds of things that little girls like to do in their youth. You are will-ing to spend hours practicing your skills, to get bumps and bruises, but it doesn’t stop you. Your parents trust your dream to a coach you call ‘‘Grandpa.’’ Here is the thing: Your dream be-comes a nightmare. The Protecting Young Victims from Sexual Abuse Act comes after devastating reports that at least 368 gymnasts have been sexually abused by their coaches and trainers over the course of 20 years. It is almost unimaginable. Although USA Gymnastics received allegations of abuse, they turned a blind eye. Why? Because it was more important to them to win medals and protect their star coaches. We have read and heard lots of sto-ries. I am going to give you an example of one, while trying to protect the con-fidentiality. By the time she was in seventh grade, our gymnast has developed an eating disorder, coping with the fact that the coach she called Grandpa made her hate her body. By the time she got to college, she had difficulty maintaining relationships, believing that she would never like being touched or physically embraced by oth-ers. Here is a postscript. Over more than a decade, the coach we call Grandpa was able to move from gym to gym abusing girls and recording videos of them. He installed secret cameras in changing rooms and recorded 469 videos of gymnasts, many of whom were naked. The CHAIR. The time of the gentle-woman has expired. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chair, I yield the gentlewoman an additional 2 minutes. Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Chair, to continue this, we have to ask this question: Could these young girls have been spared this trauma had proper procedures been in place? And, of course, today our answer is, hopefully, yes. This legislation is a step in a long journey to change the culture around 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.006 H25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4577 May 25, 2017 
sexual abuse. Too often institutions, whether they are our colleges, our military, or, here, in this case, an ath-letic organization, prioritize preserving their reputations and their brands over the people they protect. This legislation will require national sports bodies like USA Gymnastics to file reports of abuse as soon as possible. It will establish mandatory training and require the enforcement of policies preventing, reporting, and addressing these kinds of allegations because pro-tecting our athletes must be a priority. Let their dreams come true. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
EE-
HAN). Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I want to express my admiration and deep appre-ciation for the gentlewoman from Indi-ana for her leadership on this most im-portant bill. This gives us a chance to do some-thing, which is to give a voice to those victims who have suffered in silence and yet had the courage to come for-ward and allow others to appreciate the depth of the impact that they have suffered, as well as an opportunity for us to assure that this kind of pattern doesn’t repeat itself again. We know it is a pattern because we have, as has been aptly demonstrated by the speakers before me, stories of young women who have been victim-ized because they enter a trusting rela-tionship—one between a coach and a person in which that power dynamic is so unique, the young person putting their future in the hands—which is ex-ploited by that person superior in the relationship. So we now have chance to assure that that trust is not further impacted. But it is not just that relationship; it is the long-term implications of it which are so damaging. Working with the Pennsylvania Coa-lition Against Rape, we have come to appreciate victims and how the psycho-logical impacts, including things like substance abuse and other kinds of psy-chological disorders, last for years, and by the courage of coming forward, it does not necessarily end that impact on them. In fact, it is not just situations like coach and athlete. All kinds of trusting relationships can create a dynamic— one including something that I am cur-rently working on, massage parlors—in which individuals who put themselves in a compromising position find them-selves assaulted. Most recently, I introduced the Duty to Report Act, addressing that kind of a violation of that trusting relation-ship. These are examples of opportunities for us to address, once and for all, the implications of people who are allowed to move from one situation to another when reports come forward and stop. We call that pass the trash. Today, it is time for our body to put forward the kind of legislation that will assure that there is a duty to re-port so, along with due process, there can be an internal investigation to as-sure and reporting requirements so that these individuals are not able to victimize future young athletes, future people who put themselves in the posi-tion of trust. Mr. Chair, I applaud my colleagues who support this legislation, and I ask that we do so with a strong voice from this House. The CHAIR. The Committee will rise informally. The Speaker pro tempore (Mr. PAUL-
SEN) assumed the chair. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed with amendments in which the concurrence of the House is requested, a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 1238. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Health Affairs responsible for coordinating the ef-forts of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity related to food, agriculture, and veteri-nary defense against terrorism, and for other purposes. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Committee will resume its sitting. 
f 
PROTECTING YOUNG VICTIMS FROM SEXUAL ABUSE ACT OF 2017 The Committee resumed its sitting. The CHAIR. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Indiana (Mr. M
ESSER ). Mr. MESSER. Mr. Chair, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 1973, which aims to strengthen protections against child victims of sexual abuse. I am a parent. In fact, today, with me, I have my son, Hudson, and one of my daughters, Ava. Sadly, over the course of the past couple of years, countless stories of young athletes being abused, including in Indiana, have revealed glaring inad-equacies in our law. These stories, many about coaches and doctors and trainers and other adults who have abused their positions of authority and trust to exploit young athletes, are ap-palling and, as a parent, gut wrench-ing. Every one of these kids deserved better. This bill aims to ensure that acts of suspected child abuse are promptly re-ported to an organization’s national governing body to make sure that these cases are immediately disclosed to local or Federal law enforcement au-thorities. Short of this requirement being codified into law, predatory indi-viduals can continue perpetrating hor-rific crimes against young athletes with relative impunity. In addition, this bill requires na-tional governing bodies to develop spe-cific policies and procedures for report-ing sexual abuse cases to law enforce-ment and to keep track of individuals who leave one facility due to com-plaints and then go to another facility to repeat that abuse elsewhere. I want to thank my colleague from Indiana (Mrs. BROOKS ) for her impor-tant work on this legislation—she is my kids’ second favorite Member of Congress—and for her hard work on this important bill to protect kids all across America from abuse. I encourage my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 5 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EE), the ranking member on the prime subcommittee on the House Ju-diciary Committee. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I thank the distinguished ranking mem-ber for yielding. I thank the chairman of this com-mittee and the manager of this bill, and, particularly, I want to express my appreciation to the bipartisan co-spon-sors of this legislation—the gentle-woman from Indiana (Mrs. B
ROOKS ), the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. F
RANKEL )—for coming together around a concept of continuing to work to pro-tect our children; and where we can find bipartisanship, that is really very special as relates to the message to the American people. The Protecting Young Victims from Sexual Abuse Act requires that per-sonnel and employees of national gov-erning bodies recognized by the U.S. Olympic Committee report suspected incidents of child abuse, including sex-ual abuse, to law enforcement. The im-portance of this is to cease, end, stop, never have it again for those victims— never report or hold it for years and years—who are impacted psycho-logically and impacted for the rest of their life. Really, that is what has been happening in years past. This bill is intended to protect young athletes who, with great expectation and excitement and challenge and won-derment and aspirations for the Olym-pics, in their early years, desire to serve their Nation; because when they put their bodies through this rigorous engagement in sport day after day, week after week, month after month, hour after hour, minute after minute, second after second, and deny them-selves other extracurricular activities, they do it for the passion of the sport, for their recognition of excellence, but also to go to the Olympics and make their Nation proud. b0945 And so what we have put them through with respect to not protecting them against sexual assaults severely undermines, again, and irreparably harms them. With H.R. 1973, we have an opportunity to ensure that that never happens again. The need for this legislation is best illustrated by the ongoing scandal of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.007 H25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4578 May 25, 2017 
widespread abuse and exploitation of young gymnasts over the course of 20 years within USA Gymnastics—a prominent governing body of the U.S. Olympic Committee—in particular, by a physician starting back in 1997 who engaged in such activities. Allegations against him were not re-ported to law enforcement until re-cently; and following the first public complaint against him in 2015, more than 100 women filed complaints accus-ing him of sexual abuse, and he now faces more than 20 criminal charges in Federal and State courts. Again, this legislation is to turn the light on those who have quietly abused these young men and women and, as well, done it with impunity because no vehicle was provided for these young people to be able to ensure that they would not be assaulted again. The integrity that we bring to this process with this legislation, the com-fort that we give to families and par-ents when they entrust their children to those who are coaches, doctors, lead-ers of teams, sponsors of teams is vi-tally important. And the protections of this bill, of reporting and ensuring that the light continues to stay on and the darkness never comes for that young athlete who seeks that golden platform or that first place or second place or third place, or even to participate, that they can do it with the affirmation that the Nation believes in their pro-tection and their security and that they should never, never, never face this alone. I rise to support the legislation, H.R. 1973, and I ask my colleagues to sup-port this legislation. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. P
AULSEN ). Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I would like to first express my thanks and appreciation as well to the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. B
ROOKS ), who is bringing this legisla-tion forward, H.R. 1973, of which I am a proud cosponsor. The bill is the Pro-tecting Young Victims from Sexual Abuse Act. Every year, Mr. Chair, thousands of amateur athletes begin their journey with the goal of one day being able to represent the United States at the Olympics. This journey is often filled with years of dedication, of sacrifice, of multiple setbacks, all in the hopes of rising to the top of their craft. Unfortunately, for some, this journey has also been scarred by sexual abuse, and often this abuse comes from those who are closest to our young athletes. These are the individuals that have been entrusted by families all around the country to look after them, to take care of them, to look after these loved ones during their training. The bill today in the House that we are taking up is a step in the right di-rection to help ensure that athletes are better protected. It requires mandatory and immediate reporting of incidents of child sexual abuse to both local and Federal law enforcement. No organiza-tion should be able to stand idly by when a child is placed in harm’s way and becomes a victim. The bill also directs our amateur ath-letic governing bodies to develop and implement rigorous training and over-sight practices to prevent abuse of ath-letes in the future. Mr. Chair, our ama-teur athletes and their families should never ever have to worry about their children being abused by those who are closest to them, often in a very trusted relationship. We need to pass this critical legisla-tion to give families the peace of mind and prevent abuse. I urge all of my col-leagues to support this bipartisan bill. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chair, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Chair, let me close by saying that protecting young victims from sexual abuse is a necessary measure that will help ensure that young ath-letes in this country are able to pursue their athletic dreams in a safe environ-ment and free of exploitation and abuse. This bill imposes an affirmative duty on coaches, trainers, instructors, doc-tors, and the like to protect the young athletes who have been entrusted to their tutelage. This bill establishes remedies for those who might be harmed, and this bill mandates train-ing and oversight to encourage compli-ance, vigilance, and protection. I thank Chairman GOODLATTE for fa-cilitating the prompt consideration of this bill, and the Judiciary Committee. I also want to recognize the leadership of Senator F
EINSTEIN , the ranking member of the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee, who authored the Senate version of this bill and who has been the leading voice in Congress in de-manding we address these issues. Finally, I note that this important bipartisan legislation is supported by many advocacy groups including the National Center for Missing & Ex-ploited Children; the National Chil-dren’s Alliance; the National Center for Victims of Crime; Rape, Abuse & Incest National Network; and the United States Olympic Committee, as well as several of its national governing bod-ies. For the foregoing reasons, I urge all of my colleagues to join me in sup-porting H.R. 1973, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. C
ONYERS , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, and all of those who have spoken in support of this bill this morning, the Protecting Young Vic-tims from Sexual Abuse Act. It is exactly as it has been described. It is an important moment for us, in a bipartisan consensus that we have reached, to protect our young athletes. It has been articulated well, the pur-pose behind the bill, and it is a proud moment for all of us as we stand for these young athletes to defend them as they perform and use their God-given talents that make our Nation so proud. So, without belaboring the point, Mr. Chairman, I just want to commend, again, Mrs. BROOKS for introducing this important legislation, and I also urge all of my colleagues to support it. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Chair, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 1973—Pro-tecting Young Victims From Sexual Abuse Act. Since my time as a US Attorney and federal prosecutor, I have been committed to battling child exploitation and abuse. Last year, I was shocked—along with much of the country—when the Indianapolis Star published an investigative piece that exposed troubling allegations of sexual abuse at USA Gymnastics programs across the country. According to their report, over the last 20 years, at least 368 young people—some Olympic hopefuls—were the victims of sexual abuse at the hands of adults they trusted— coaches, trainers, doctors and other adults as-sociated with USA Gymnastics. They reported the abuse to USA Gymnastics—and unfortu-nately, USA Gymnastics failed, in many cases, to report their abuse to law enforcement au-thorities. The article shed light on their stories and in-spired the legislation that is before us today. According to the more than 5,600 pages of USA Gymnastics records released by the Indy Star, some of the 54 coaches who had been accused of sexual abuse by young athletes in their care weren’t banned from gymnastics until years after their history of abuse had been reported to and kept in complaint files by USA Gymnastics. One USA Gymnastics doctor, Dr. Nassar— abused young women and girls for more than 20 years, and more than 100 women have come forward today to share their stories of abuse at his hands. I understand how challenging it is to share painful stories of sexual abuse, and I am proud of the brave gymnasts who have shared their stories. Stories that should never have happened, and stories that went inexcusably unanswered. Their stories demand our attention and ac-tion. Not only to provide victims with the justice denied to them for so long, but also to protect future generations of Olympic hopefuls. I want to acknowledge the work of Senator D
IANNE FEINSTEIN of California who is leading this bill in the Senate, and my colleagues in the Bipartisan Women’s Caucus who joined me to offer the Protecting Young Victims from Sexual Abuse Act. Our legislation is an impor-tant step towards protecting our young ath-letes. Our legislation addresses this dangerous si-lence that, as the Indy Star investigative piece showed, plagued the USA Gymnastics. A si-lence that led to more girls being abused, hurt, and harmful coaches who faced little to no re-percussions for their heinous actions. The abuse should have been first and fore-most, prevented. The system utterly failed when the abuse was not detected, and not promptly reported. The Olympic community failed and must do better. Our bill makes sure that national governing bodies entrusted with the health and well- being of young athletes and future Olympians promptly report any allegations of sexual abuse to law enforcement authorities and im-plement stronger policies and procedures to prevent this from happening again. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\RECORD17\MAY\H25MY7.REC H25MY7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4579 May 25, 2017 
I applaud S ENATOR FEINSTEIN and my col-leagues in the House who joined the effort to move this important legislation forward, and applaud the victims who shared their story to protect others. The CHAIR. All time for general de-bate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amend-ment under the 5-minute rule. In lieu of the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on the Judiciary, print-ed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the pur-pose of amendment under the 5-minute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–20. That amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute shall be considered as read. The text of the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 1973 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting Young Victims from Sexual Abuse Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. REQUIRED REPORTING OF CHILD AND SEXUAL ABUSE AT FACILITIES UNDER THE JURISDICTION OF AMA-TEUR SPORTS ORGANIZATIONS REC-OGNIZED BY THE UNITED STATES OLYMPIC COMMITTEE. 
(a) R EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Section 226 of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 13031) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘A person who’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) C
OVERED PROFESSIONALS .—A person who’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) C
OVERED INDIVIDUALS .—A covered indi-vidual who learns of facts that give reason to suspect that a child has suffered an incident of child abuse shall as soon as possible make a re-port of the suspected abuse to the agency des-ignated by the Attorney General under sub-section (d).’’; (2) in subsection (b), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(1)’’; (3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (8), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) the term ‘covered facility’ means a facil-ity over which a national governing body has jurisdiction; ‘‘(10) the term ‘covered individual’ means an adult who is authorized by a covered facility or by a national governing body to interact with a minor or amateur athlete at the covered facility or at any event sanctioned by the covered facil-ity; and ‘‘(11) the term ‘national governing body’ has the meaning given the term in section 220501(b) of title 36, United States Code.’’; (4) in subsection (d), in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘and for all covered facilities’’ after ‘‘reside’’; (5) in subsection (f), in the first sentence— (A) by striking ‘‘and on all’’ and inserting ‘‘on all’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘and for all covered facili-ties,’’ after ‘‘lands,’’; (6) in subsection (h), by inserting ‘‘and all covered individuals,’’ after ‘‘facilities,’’; and (7) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to require a victim of child abuse to self-report the abuse.’’. (b) PENALTY FOR FAILURE TO REPORT .—Sec- tion 2258 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after ‘‘facility,’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘or a covered individual (as described in subsection (a)(2) of such section 226) who’’. 
SEC. 3. CIVIL REMEDY FOR PERSONAL INJURIES. 
Section 2255 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Any person who, while a minor, was a victim of a violation of section 1589, 1590, 1591, 2241(c), 2242, 2243, 2251, 2251A, 2252, 2252A, 2260, 2421, 2422, or 2423 of this title and who suffers personal injury as a result of such violation, regardless of whether the injury occurred while such person was a minor, may sue in any appropriate United States District Court and shall recover the actual damages such person sustains or liquidated damages in the amount of $150,000, and the cost of the ac-tion, including reasonable attorney’s fees and other litigation costs reasonably incurred. The court may also award punitive damages and such other preliminary and equitable relief as the court determines to be appropriate.’’; (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘filed with-in’’ and all that follows through the end and in-serting the following: ‘‘file— ‘‘(1) not later than 10 years after the date on which the plaintiff reasonably discovers the later of— ‘‘(A) the violation that forms the basis for the claim; or ‘‘(B) the injury that forms the basis for the claim; or ‘‘(2) not later than 10 years after the date on which a legal disability ends.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) V
ENUE; SERVICE OF PROCESS .— ‘‘(1) V
ENUE.—Any action brought under sub-section (a) may be brought in the district court of the United States that meets applicable re-quirements relating to venue under section 1391 of title 28. ‘‘(2) S
ERVICE OF PROCESS .—In an action brought under subsection (a), process may be served in any district in which the defendant— ‘‘(A) is an inhabitant; or ‘‘(B) may be found.’’. 
SEC. 4. EXPANSION OF AUTHORITIES AND DUTIES OF AMATEUR SPORTS ORGANIZA-TIONS RECOGNIZED BY THE UNITED STATES OLYMPIC COMMITTEE TO PREVENT THE ABUSE OF MINOR AND AMATEUR ATHLETES. 
(a) E XPANSION OF AUTHORITIES .—Section 220523(a) of title 36, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (7), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) develop training, oversight practices, policies, and procedures to prevent the abuse, including physical abuse and sexual abuse, of any minor or amateur athlete by any adult.’’. (b) A
DDITIONAL DUTIES .—Section 220524 of such title is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—’’ before ‘‘For the sport’’; (2) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (3) in paragraph (9), by striking the period and inserting a semicolon; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(10) develop and enforce policies, mecha-nisms, and procedures to prevent the abuse, in-cluding physical abuse and sexual abuse, of any minor or amateur athlete, including— ‘‘(A) requiring all adults authorized by a na-tional governing body or a member of a national governing body to interact with a minor or ama-teur athlete at an amateur sports organization facility or at any event sanctioned by a national governing body or a member of a national gov-erning body, to report facts that give reason to suspect child abuse, including sexual abuse, as required by relevant Federal or State law, to law enforcement authorities and other appro-priate authorities, including an entity des-ignated by the corporation to investigate and re-solve such allegations; ‘‘(B) establishing a mechanism, approved by a trained expert on child abuse, that allows an in-dividual to easily report an incident of child abuse as described in subparagraph (A) to the national governing body or another authority, including an entity designated by the corpora-tion; ‘‘(C) procedures to ensure that covered indi-viduals are instructed to avoid one-on-one situ-ations with any amateur athlete who is a minor (other than such an athlete for whom the cov-ered individual is a legal guardian) at an ama-teur sports organization facility, at any event sanctioned by a national governing body, or any event sanctioned by a member of a national governing body, without being observable or in-terruptible by another adult; and ‘‘(D) oversight procedures, including regular and random audits, not to exceed once a year, conducted by subject matter experts unaffiliated with the national governing body, of all mem-bers and adults described in subparagraph (A) to ensure that policies and procedures developed under this paragraph are followed correctly and that consistent training is offered and given to all members regarding prevention of sexual abuse; and ‘‘(11) in the case of a national governing body with jurisdiction over more than one amateur sports organization facility or event, establish a mechanism by which— ‘‘(A) the national governing body can— ‘‘(i) receive a report of suspected sexual mis-conduct by an adult authorized by a national governing body or a member of a national gov-erning body to interact with a minor or amateur athlete at an amateur sports organization facil-ity or at any event sanctioned by a national governing body or a member of a national gov-erning body; and ‘‘(ii) confidentially share a report received under clause (i) with each of the other amateur sports organizations, facilities, or members under the jurisdiction of the national governing body; and ‘‘(B) an amateur sports organization, facility, or member under the jurisdiction of the national governing body can— ‘‘(i) review the reports received by the na-tional governing body under subparagraph (A)(i) to assess any allegations of sexual mis-conduct made in such reports; and ‘‘(ii) withhold providing to an adult who is the subject of an allegation of sexual mis-conduct in a report reviewed under clause (i) authority to interact with a minor or amateur athlete at such organization, facility, or event until the resolution of such allegation. ‘‘(b) LIMITED LIABILITY FOR THE UNITED  S
TATES OLYMPIC COMMITTEE , NATIONAL GOV-
ERNING BODIES , AND AN ENTITY DESIGNATED BY  
THEUNITED STATES OLYMPIC COMMITTEE TO IN-
VESTIGATE AND RESOLVE SEXUAL MISCONDUCT  A
LLEGATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graphs (2), no civil or criminal action may be brought in any Federal or State court against the United States Olympic Committee, a na-tional governing body, or an amateur sports or-ganization, facility, or event under the jurisdic-tion of a national governing body, or an entity designated by the United States Olympic Com-mittee to investigate and resolve sexual mis-conduct allegations described in subsection (a)(11), including any director, officer, em-ployee, or agent of such entity, if the action arises from the execution of the responsibilities or functions described in subsection (a)(11). ‘‘(2) I
NTENTIONAL , RECKLESS , OR OTHER MIS -
CONDUCT .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Aug 22, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\RECORD17\MAY\H25MY7.REC H25MY7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4580 May 25, 2017 
civil or criminal action if the United States Olympic Committee, a national governing body, an amateur sports organization, facility, or event under the jurisdiction of a national gov-erning body, or an entity designated by the United States Olympic Committee to investigate and resolve sexual misconduct allegations de-scribed in subsection (a)(11), or a director, offi-cer, employee, or agent of such entity acted or failed to act— ‘‘(A) with reckless disregard for a risk of caus-ing injury; or ‘‘(B) for a purpose unrelated to the perform-ance of any responsibility or function described in subsection (a)(11). ‘‘(3) L
IMITED EFFECT .—Nothing in this section shall apply to any act or omission arising out of any responsibility or function not described in subsection (a)(11).’’. (c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Section 220522 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in subsection (a) shall be construed to limit the ability of a national governing body to develop a policy or procedure to prevent an individual who is the subject of an allegation of sexual misconduct from interacting with a minor or amateur athlete until such time as the national governing body, or an entity with applicable ju-risdiction resolves such allegation.’’. (d) R
EVIEW OF RECOGNITION OF AMATEUR  S
PORTS ORGANIZATIONS AS NATIONAL GOVERNING  B
ODIES .—Section 220521(d) of title 36, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘may’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘shall’’. 
The CHAIR. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute shall be in order except those printed in part A of House Report 115– 152. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time speci-fied in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON OF  
LOUISIANA  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 1 printed in part A of House Report 115–152. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of Chairman G
OODLATTE , I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 2, strike line 16, and all that follows through line 3 on page 3, and insert the fol-lowing: ‘‘(9) the term ‘covered individual’ means an adult who is authorized by a national gov-erning body or a member of a national gov-erning body to interact with a minor or ama-teur athlete at an amateur sports organiza-tion facility or at any event sanctioned by a national governing body or a member of a national governing body; ‘‘(10) the term ‘event’ includes travel, prac-tice, competition, and health or medical treatment; and ‘‘(11) the terms ‘amateur athlete’, ‘amateur sports organization’, and ‘national governing body’ have the meanings given such terms in section 220501(b) of title 36, United States Code.’’. Page 4, line 19, strike ‘‘file’’ and insert ‘‘filed’’. Page 7, strike line 16 and all that follows through line 25, and insert the following: ‘‘(C) reasonable procedures designed to avoid one-on-one interactions between an amateur athlete who is a minor and an adult (who is not the minor’s legal guardian) at an amateur sports organization facility, at any event sanctioned by a national governing body, or any event sanctioned by a member of a national governing body, without being observable or interruptible by another adult, except where the safety and welfare of the minor requires; and’’. The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 352, the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. J
OHNSON ) and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am happy to introduce this man-ager’s amendment to H.R. 1973, the Protecting Young Victims from Sexual Abuse Act. This amendment is very simple. It defines who is covered by the mandatory reporting requirement in the underlying bill. The definition har-monizes language with the underlying statute, defining this class not by loca-tion, but by simply keeping the juris-dictional reference where it belongs: in the national governing body or a mem-ber of a national governing body. The amendment also defines the term ‘‘event’’ to include travel, practice, competition, and health or medical treatment. This definition is important as events in USA Gymnastics revealed abuse by USA Gymnastics’ team doctor Larry Nassar, who molested dozens of young girls under the guise of medical treatment. Moreover, other allegations of abuse show that it sometimes took place during travel to various competi-tions. The amendment also clarifies duties of national governing bodies. Under the amendment, national governing bodies must implement reasonable procedures designed to avoid one-on-one inter-actions between minors and adults that are not within an observable or inter-ruptible distance. This amendment assures that the 47 different national governing bodies can implement procedures that make sense, given the sport they cover, the reach of their influence, and the re-sources available to them. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition, although I do not oppose the bill or the amendment. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Michigan is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chair, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise in support of the amendment offered by the gentleman and point out that this amendment addresses the provisions in the bill concerning one- on-one interactions between young athletes and the adults who work with them. The existing version of the bill re-quires the national governing bodies instruct coaches, instructors, doctors, and the like to avoid one-on-one situa-tions with the young athletes that can-not be observed or interrupted by an-other adult. Under the proposed change, national governing bodies will be required to institute and enforce reasonable procedures designed to avoid one-on-one interactions between young athletes and their coaches, in-structors, and doctors that cannot be observed or interrupted by another adult. Mr. G
OODLATTE ’s amendment also harmonizes language used in the bill with language in the underlying stat-ute and makes technical and con-forming changes. I support this amendment and the changes it makes to enhance H.R. 1973, and I look forward to further discus-sions of these provisions with the Sen-ate, with the goal of producing a con-sensus bill for enactment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I am pleased to join the gentleman from Louisiana and the ranking member from Michigan in support of this amendment. I think it has an under-lying premise that we should all cele-brate and attempt to ensure that it is in place. I, too, agree that I look forward to reconciling the House and Senate bill, but the amendment specifically ad-dresses the provisions in the bill con-cerning one-on-one interactions be-tween young athletes and the adults who they work with; and I believe the clear understanding that we all hope can be implemented is that we don’t have one-on-one interactions without overall supervision or other kids or other adult participants so that we do not create an atmosphere where a child can be intimidated or abused. Under the proposed change, national governing bodies will be required to in-stitute and enforce reasonable proce-dures designed to avoid one-on-one interactions between young athletes and their coaches, instructors, and doc-tors that cannot be observed or inter-rupted by another adult. First of all, we know that the ex-panse of sports is expanding. There are so many new sports, so many new op-portunities for adults, many com-mitted and dedicated adults, but the real issue is: Let’s protect the children. Mr. Chair, I rise to support the Good-latte amendment. b1000 Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Chair, in closing, I echo what has been 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.003 H25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4581 May 25, 2017 
said already, and I appreciate the com-ments of my colleagues and acknowl-edge, again, that the manager’s amend-ment is very simple. It simply seeks to clear up language and define these terms. It is a necessary alteration to the bill, and I encourage our colleagues to support the amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. J
OHNSON ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . COSTA  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 2 printed in part A of House Report 115–152. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 4, line 21, strike ‘‘reasonably’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 352, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. C
OSTA ) and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chair, as a co-chair of the Victims’ Rights Caucus, along with Congressman T
EDPOE, we have over 70 members, bipartisan, to focus on protecting victims of crime. We also try to ensure that we protect the VOCA funding that goes for very worthwhile efforts for organizations throughout the country and to recognize and honor every year those who stand out on be-half of victims of crime. I want to commend the chairman and the ranking member for advancing this legislation, as well as my Senate col-leagues, because there is a companion piece of legislation that is attempting to address this horrible issue in which you have so often young athletes— Olympic-caliber athletes—some who actually have participated in the Olympics, who, at a very young age, find themselves victims of these hor-rific crimes, through no fault of their own. Sexual assault, in any form, is a hor-rible crime and it leaves lasting dam-age to its victims. Sadly, some victims of assault are children who may be in-capable of truly understanding what is happening to them at the time. How-ever, years later, when this poor child comes to understand what happened, they are faced with the reality that someone who is supposed to be looking after their well-being actually be-trayed them. This leaves real and very lasting damage that can take decades, if not years, for the person to deal with. In some instances, sexual assault vic-tims may not discover their injuries or the violation until adulthood, years after the abuse happened, years after the processing of their own internal trauma, years after feeling strong enough finally to go public. A perfect example of this is in child pornography. How is a young child sup-posed to find, process, and accuse someone of a crime that they simply didn’t even know existed? There are legitimate constitutional debates dealing with the criminal and civil process. We understand that. Cur-rent and future legal scholars will de-bate those. I am not a lawyer; I am a farmer. But as a farmer, I know we should be able to agree on one simple principle, and that principle is that these victims deserve their day in court, they deserve due process, and they deserve their time to face the per-son who assaulted them and to ask their fellow citizens or a judge for jus-tice. It is our responsibility to do what we can to protect child victims and to en-sure that they have access to the courts. That is what this amendment is all about. Mr. Chairman, I want to, in the effort of comity, offer this amendment, but I will ask to respectfully withdraw the amendment. This is an issue that is not going to go away. I know there are dif-ferent perceptions on how we deal with this. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. COSTA. I yield to the gentleman. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. I appre-ciate the gentleman’s remarks and his support for this important legislation. Victims should, of course, have rea-sonable opportunity to seek justice and face their accusers in court. This bill is a good one and fair to all parties, and I look forward to working with the gentleman to get it to the President’s desk. Mr. COSTA. I will accept that and continue to work with the gentleman and Chairman G
OODLATTE from Vir-ginia, because, at the end of the day, to have some success and to move this forward, we are going to have to have reconciliation between the Senate bill and the House bill in how this is treat-ed. I would hope that we would gain that agreement, and then we could move the legislation for signature. Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my amendment. The CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Cali-fornia? There was no objection. The CHAIR. The amendment is with-drawn. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . O’HALLERAN  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 3 printed in part A of House Report 115–152. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 7, line 25, strike ‘‘and’’ at the end. Page 8, insert after line 10 the following: ‘‘(E) requiring dedicated information and resources, which may include sexual assault hotlines and victims’ support resources, to be clearly listed on the national governing body’s official website; and’’. The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 352, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. O’H
ALLERAN ) and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chair, as a former law enforcement officer, I know all too well what happens when our in-stitutions fail to protect our most val-ued and treasured among us: our chil-dren. The recent reports of young athletes experiencing sexual assault and abuse at the hands of trusted adults are not just abhorrent, they are unacceptable. Last year, tragically, one of our own young gymnasts in Mesa, Arizona, came forward after years of abuse by a coach at his gym. We must do better. No child any-where should face the risk of abuse. That is why I am proud to support the bill before us today, which will go a long way in protecting our young ath-letes. My bipartisan amendment, which is cosponsored by Congresswoman S
INEMA  and Congressman B
IGGS, simply builds on the underlying bill’s spirit by re-quiring national governing bodies to clearly list information and resources, which may include sexual assault hot-lines and victim support resources, on their official websites. As a former cop who has dealt with vulnerable victims, I know from my ex-perience that resources like sexual as-sault hotlines are a critical tool be-tween victims, families, local health providers, and law enforcement. Requiring governing bodies, like USA Gymnastics, to clearly list this type of information on their websites is an im-portant step forward in ensuring sup-port for victims and their families. As adults and parents, we place our children in the trusted hands of coach-es, trainers, and others when we sup-port and encourage their involvement in sports. We all know sports play such a crit-ical role in so many of our commu-nities. It is where we learn about team-work, resilience, hard work, and perse-verance. These spaces should be safe for children to learn, grow, and develop as healthy athletes and adults. We have a moral obligation to ensure our kids have protection and access to the information they deserve. My com-monsense amendment helps do just that. I thank Representative S
INEMA and Representative B
IGGS for their support on this amendment, as well as the sponsors of H.R. 1973 for their good work on this important bill. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to this com-monsense amendment, as has just been articulated. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.013 H25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4582 May 25, 2017 
The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Chair, I want to thank Mr. O’H
ALLERAN  and Mr. B
IGGS for offering this amend-ment. It will help to prevent abuse at these national governing bodies and, as stated, it will encourage children to re-port abuse when they are able to quick-ly and easily access this information. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. S
INEMA ). Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Chair, I thank Mr. O’H
ALLERAN for yielding and for his leadership on this important issue. Sexual abuse is abhorrent. It is par-ticularly abhorrent when it is con-ducted by an individual in a position of authority: a coach, a trainer, a teach-er. The community of Mesa, Arizona, which Mr. B
IGGS and I represent, was rocked by a tragic event in which a young athlete was abused for at least 3 years before receiving help. Had he or other young athletes experiencing similar nightmares had access to re-sources and support, perhaps the night-mare could have ended sooner, perhaps it could have been prevented. Our bipartisan amendment is simple. It builds on a very good bipartisan bill by requiring governing bodies to list dedicated information and resources for victims and families on official websites. No individual should suffer from sex-ual abuse. No family should go without support when they are in need. I thank the two gentlemen, my friends from Arizona, Mr. O’H
ALLERAN  and Mr. B
IGGS, for cosponsoring this amendment. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on our amendment and to support the underlying bill. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the gen-tleman from Louisiana for his cour-tesies. I want to enthusiastically con-gratulate and thank the gentlemen and gentlewoman from Arizona for respond-ing to their constituents and answering a question positively about protecting our young people. I spoke earlier today about what hap-pens with young people and their aspi-rations when they engage in sports. They want to win, but they also want to, if you will, to impress adults and to show that they can do the very best that they can do. So I want to congratulate them for this amendment that advances the pur-poses and goals of protecting young victims from sexual abuse by requiring the national governing bodies to in-clude resources and information re-garding sexual assault and having sex-ual assault hotlines and other victim support services on their websites. With this new technology, it will be at their fingertips. They don’t have to, in essence, expose themselves. They can get this information and readily access the very people that will help them. So I want to congratulate the man-ager, Mr. CONYERS , and, of course, the chairman of the committee and the proponents of the underlying bill. I want to congratulate Mr. O’H
ALLERAN . His efforts here are to be commended, and I thank him for this insightful amendment to the legislation. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. O’H
ALLERAN ). The amendment was agreed to. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The CHAIR. Under the rule, the Com-mittee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
CCARTHY ) having assumed the chair, Mr. P
OLIQUIN , Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 1973) to prevent the sexual abuse of minors and amateur athletes by re-quiring the prompt reporting of sexual abuse to law enforcement authorities, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 352, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
OLIQUIN ). Under the rule, the previous question is ordered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment to the amendment re-ported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the question is on the amend-ment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
b1015 PROTECTING AGAINST CHILD EXPLOITATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, pur-suant to House Resolution 352, I call up the bill (H.R. 1761) to amend title 18, United States Code, to criminalize the knowing consent of the visual depic-tion, or live transmission, of a minor engaged in sexually explicit conduct, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky). Pursuant to House Resolution 352, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute recommended by the Com-mittee on the Judiciary printed in the bill, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–19 is adopt-ed, and the bill, as amended, is consid-ered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 1761 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting Against Child Exploitation Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. SEXUAL EXPLOITATION OF CHILDREN. 
Section 2251 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by amending subsections (a) and (b) to read as follows: ‘‘(a) Any person who, in a circumstance de-scribed in subsection (f), knowingly— ‘‘(1) employs, uses, persuades, induces, en-tices, or coerces a minor to engage in any sexu-ally explicit conduct for the purpose of pro-ducing any visual depiction of such conduct, or transmitting a live visual depiction of such con-duct; ‘‘(2) produces or causes to be produced a vis-ual depiction of a minor engaged in any sexu-ally explicit conduct where the production of such visual depiction involves the use of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct and such visual depiction is of such conduct; ‘‘(3) transmits or causes to be transmitted a live visual depiction of a minor engaged in any sexually explicit conduct; ‘‘(4) has a minor assist any other person to engage in any sexually explicit conduct during the commission of an offense set forth in para-graphs (1) through (3) of this subsection; or ‘‘(5) transports any minor in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce with the intent that such minor be used in the production or live transmission of a visual depiction of a minor engaged in any sexually explicit conduct, shall be punished as provided under subsection (e). ‘‘(b) Any parent, legal guardian, or person having custody or control of a minor who, in a circumstance described in subsection (f), know-ingly permits such minor to engage in, or to as-sist any other person to engage in, sexually ex-plicit conduct knowing that a visual depiction of such conduct will be produced or transmitted shall be punished as provided under subsection (e).’’; (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘employs, uses, persuades, in-duces, entices, or coerces any minor to engage in, or who has a minor assist any other person to engage in, any sexually explicit conduct’’ and inserting ‘‘engages in any conduct described in paragraphs (1) through (5) of subsection (a)’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘, for the purpose of producing any visual depiction of such conduct,’’; (B) in paragraph (2)(A), by inserting after ‘‘transported’’ the following: ‘‘or transmitted’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.017 H25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4583 May 25, 2017 
(C) in paragraph (2)(B), by inserting after ‘‘transports’’ the following; ‘‘or transmits’’; (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) The circumstances referred to in sub-sections (a) and (b) are— ‘‘(1) that the person knows or has reason to know that such visual depiction will be— ‘‘(A) transported or transmitted using any means or facility of interstate or foreign com-merce; ‘‘(B) transported or transmitted in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce; or ‘‘(C) mailed; ‘‘(2) the visual depiction was produced or transmitted using materials that have been mailed, or shipped or transported in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce by any means, including by computer; ‘‘(3) such visual depiction has actually been— ‘‘(A) transported or transmitted using any means or facility of interstate or foreign com-merce; ‘‘(B) transported or transmitted in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce; or ‘‘(C) mailed; or ‘‘(4) any part of the offense occurred in a ter-ritory or possession of the United States or with-in the special maritime and territorial jurisdic-tion of the United States. ‘‘(g) Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, no criminal charge under sub-section (a)(3) may be brought against an elec-tronic communication service provider or remote computing service provider unless such provider has intentionally transmitted or caused to be transmitted a visual depiction with actual knowledge that such depiction is of a minor en-gaged in sexually explicit conduct, nor may any such criminal charge be brought if barred by the provisions of section 2258B.’’. 
SEC. 3. LIMITED LIABILITY FOR CERTAIN PER-SONS WHEN RESPONDING TO SEARCH WARRANTS OR OTHER LEGAL PROCESS. 
Section 2258B of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘from the response to a search warrant or other legal process or’’ before ‘‘from the performance’’; and (2) in subsection (b)(2)(C), by inserting ‘‘the response to a search warrant or other legal process or to’’ before ‘‘the performance of any responsibility’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. After 1 hour of debate, it shall be in order to consider the further amendment print-ed in part B of House Report 115–152, if offered by the Member designated in the report, which shall be considered read, shall be separately debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the pro-ponent and an opponent, and shall not be subject to a demand for a division of the question. The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. C
ONYERS ) each will con-trol 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 1761. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in strong support of H.R. 1761, the Protecting Against Child Exploitation Act of 2017, and urge my colleagues to do the same. I would like to note that May is Na-tional Missing Children’s Month and today marks National Missing Chil-dren’s Day. It is an honor to be on the floor here today as we continue our mission to protect these innocent vic-tims. We have made great strides toward ending child exploitation. However, gaps still exist in our laws that are contrary to Congress’ goal of pro-tecting children and criminalizing the production of images of child sexual abuse. H.R. 1761 takes necessary steps to close an unfortunate loophole created by a Fourth Circuit decision in United States v. Palomino-Coronado—a case in which a defendant was able to walk free from Federal conviction despite photographic evidence he had engaged in the sexual abuse of a 7-year-old child. On May 3, 2012, Prince George’s Coun-ty police officers responded to a home in Laurel, Maryland, based on a report of a missing 7-year-old child known as ‘‘B.H.’’ Officers found the child at the fence that separated her house and her neighbor’s house. Upon investigation, it was uncovered that the neighbor, Anthony Palomino-Coronado, a 19- year-old male, had sexually molested the child. At trial, the jury found the defendant guilty of knowingly employing, using, persuading, inducing, enticing, or co-ercing a minor in sexually explicit con-duct, for the purpose of producing a visual depiction of that conduct—in other words, for the production of child pornography. The defendant appealed his conviction, alleging insufficient evidence. Incredibly, the Fourth Circuit va-cated the defendant’s conviction, find-ing there was insufficient evidence the defendant’s sexual abuse of the 7-year- old girl was ‘‘for the purpose of’’ cre-ating an image of such conduct. The court found that, though the defendant engaged in sexual conduct with a child, ‘‘the fact that only one image was pro-duced militates against finding that his intent in doing so was to take a pic-ture.’’ Essentially, the court decided that the defendant had engaged in sexual conduct with a 7-year-old and taken a picture but had not engaged in sexual conduct with a 7-year-old to take a pic-ture. To me, this is a preposterous, of-fensive result. Under the Fourth Circuit’s reasoning in Palomino, a defendant could admit to sexually abusing a child, and memo-rializing the conduct, but could argue that he should, nonetheless, escape Federal conviction because he lacked the requisite purpose or specific intent, prior to initiating the sexual abuse. In-deed, defense attorneys have begun to raise these Palomino defenses in other courts. In response to Palomino, H.R. 1761 es-tablishes additional bases of liability to the crime of production of child por-nography. Specifically, the bill clari-fies existing law by prohibiting the knowing production of, or knowingly causing the production of, a visual de-piction of a real minor engaged in sexu-ally explicit conduct. Additionally, H.R. 1761 amends cur-rent law to prohibit the knowing trans-mission of, or knowingly causing the transmission of, a live visual depiction of a minor engaged in sexually explicit conduct while also criminalizing the knowing creation of the visual depic-tion of a minor engaged in sexually ex-plicit conduct. This language will serve to fix this judicially created loophole and ensure our court system will not have to spend time evaluating this meritless defense and will make certain preda-tors such as this will not be able to es-cape Federal consequences. Mr. Speaker, with this bill, Congress’ intent is clear. We must continue to protect our children, the most vulner-able and innocent members of society. I commend the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. JOHNSON ), a member of the Judiciary Committee, for introducing this important legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time, and I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. J
OHNSON ) may control that time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and rise in opposition to this bill. Mr. Speaker, this bill restructures section 2251 of title 18 of the United States Code as apparently requested by the unit at the Department of Justice that enforces the laws against child pornography. H.R. 1761 is intended to address limi-tations in the prosecution of cases pur-suant to section 2251, as identified by the Department. While we all agree that no child por-nography offense should go unpunished, we cannot overlook the consequences of mandatory minimum sentencing. Section 2251(a) prohibits the use of a child to produce child pornography and related conduct, including overseas production and advertising child por-nography. Pursuant to this bill, two new of-fenses would be added to this section to prohibit the production of child por-nography and the transmission of live depictions of a child engaged in sexu-ally explicit conduct, such as live- streaming abuse online. This measure would also modify the existing offense that prohibits having a minor assist in sexually explicit con-duct for the purpose of producing or transmitting child pornography. As amended, this offense would prohibit 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.007 H25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4584 May 25, 2017 
having a minor assist in sexually ex-plicit conduct that violates each of the three newly enumerated production of-fenses, except the transportation of a minor for use in child pornography pro-duction. In addition, it would amend the pro-hibition against the production of child pornography abroad to forbid the live transmission of child pornography pro-duced abroad. The jurisdictional requirement for each of the offenses enumerated in sec-tion 2251, except the production of child pornography abroad, would be codified in a separate subsection. Other portions of the bill would be modified to follow the restructure of the statute for consistency. Unfortunately, current law sets forth a series of mandatory minimum terms of imprisonment for production of child pornography offenses. First-time offenses are punishable by mandatory imprisonment of at least 15 years; of-fenders with a prior conviction face mandatory imprisonment for at least 25 years; and offenders with two or more prior convictions must be sen-tenced to imprisonment of at least 35 years. By modifying and expanding section 2251 to include several new ways in which to violate the prohibition against the production of child pornog-raphy, the bill would subject new class-es of defendants to mandatory min-imum sentences. Although the bill does not establish new mandatory minimum sentences, it would—in this way—ex-pand the application of the existing mandatory minimums, which I oppose. Mandatory minimums have been studied extensively and found to dis-tort rational sentencing systems, dis-criminate against minorities, waste taxpayers’ money, and violate common sense. Under mandatory minimum sen-tences, regardless of the nature and circumstances surrounding the offense, the role of the offender in the par-ticular crime, and the history and characteristics of the offender, a judge must impose a sentence set by the leg-islature. Even if everyone involved in a case— from the arresting officer, prosecutor, and judge to the victim—believes that the mandatory minimum would be an unjust sentence for a particular defend-ant in a case, it still must be imposed. Mandatory minimum sentences are the wrong way to determine punishment under this or any other statute. During the Judiciary Committee’s consideration of this bill, the com-mittee rejected an amendment that would have eliminated the applicable mandatory minimums in the current statute but would still have allowed judges to sentence these offenders to lengthy sentences up to the existing statutory maximums. Because those changes were not made, the bill continues to present problems with mandatory minimums. Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, I must op-pose this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. b1030 Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. M
CCAR-
THY). Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, before I begin, I want to thank the gentleman for his leadership on this issue to help save those who have been trafficked across not only just America, but around the world. Mr. Speaker, they didn’t list her name in the report, and that makes sense. It all happened before she even reached the age of 16. So to protect her identity, they called her Tonya. She ran away from home and ended up living with a man they called Eddie. Eddie was the stepdad of one of her classmates. Tonya and Eddie started a relationship. Tonya felt that she really loved him. Eddie took advantage of that, and he pressured Tonya into a life no child should have to live. Tonya was saved in large part by luck. A tip to the police led to action by the Federal special agent. And now Eddie is behind bars finishing the sec-ond year of his 12-year prison sentence. Meanwhile, Tonya is just trying to re-turn to a normal life. Mr. Speaker, I wish I could say this story wasn’t true, that these fictitious names didn’t reflect hard reality. I wish I could say it was isolated. I wish I could say that this type of thing doesn’t happen here in America, but it does. It repeats itself with different details even more disturbing than Tonya’s story in towns and cities across our Na-tion. It is not just sex trafficking. It is forced labor. It is exploitation. It is slavery. And every single instance cries out against the moral truth written on every human heart. Now, the numbers are staggering. 20.9 million people are trafficked globally. Of that number, over a quarter are children. The majority are pressed to work for little to no wages. And 4.5 million of these people are victims of forced sexual exploitation. Here in America, there were 7,572 cases of human trafficking reported in 2016. That is an increase of 35 percent over just the year before. My home State of California is particularly dire. Of all the cases in the Nation, 1,323 come from California. Though we need no explanation for why we are passing anti-trafficking and exploitation legislation today, I think it helps that we understand the magnitude of this evil. We have, in this body, voted on 11 bills so far. Today we will vote on two more by the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. B
ROOKS ) and the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. J
OHNSON ). Altogether, these bills address many aspects of this problem: international trafficking, re-cording and transmission of child por-nography, abuse uncovered on the U.S. Olympic teams, the handling of trauma cases in our justice system. I don’t believe that these bills alone will end human trafficking or exploi-tation in and of themselves, but they will help. They will help prevent these crimes, they will help the victims re-cover, and they will bring us closer to a world where every person, especially those who need us most, won’t be abused but will be truly loved. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his work in this effort. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I now yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT). Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 1761. I first want to point out that the case outlined by the chair of the Judiciary Committee that failed in Federal court could have been brought in State court and the defendant would have been sub-jected to extremely long, lengthy pris-on time for the heinous conduct that he had participated in. Mr. Speaker, this legislation expands the use of preexisting mandatory min-imum sentences. Although the bill does not technically create new mandatory minimums, it does expose additional defendants to preexisting mandatory minimum sentences of 15, 25, and 35 years. While I support the underlying goal of punishing sex offenders—and they should be punished harshly—the use of mandatory minimums has time and time again been shown to be inappro-priate. This expansion of mandatory min-imum sentences comes on the heels of the Attorney General’s memorandum of May 12, 2017, which has been roundly criticized for directing all Federal prosecutors to pursue the most serious charges and maximum sentences, to in-clude mandatory minimum sentences. This directive takes away from Federal prosecutors and judges the ability to individually assess the unique cir-cumstances of each case, including any factors that may mitigate against im-posing mandatory minimum sentences. This law is particularly appalling be-cause it would apply to people who I think we should all agree should not be subject to these long mandatory min-imum sentences. I am talking about teenagers. Teenage sexting is wide-spread. Under this law, teenagers who engage in consensual conduct and send photos of a sexual nature to their friends or even to each other may be prosecuted and the judge must sen-tence them to at least 15 years in pris-on. The law explicitly states that the mandatory minimums will apply equal-ly to an attempt or a conspiracy. That means if a teenager attempts to obtain a photo of sexually explicit conduct by requesting it from his teenage girlfriend, the judge must sentence that teenager to prison for at least 15 years for making such an attempt. If a teenager goads a friend to ask a teen-ager to take a sexually explicit image of herself, just by asking, he could be guilty of conspiracy or attempt, and the judge must sentence that teenager to at least 15 years in prison. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.021 H25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4585 May 25, 2017 
Under the Federal code, the term ‘‘sexually explicit conduct’’ includes actual or simulated conduct. That means if a teenager asks another teen-ager for a photo simulating sex, even if the minor is fully clothed, that at-tempt would violate the law and the teenager must get a sentence of at least 15 years mandatory minimum for making that attempt. This law does not allow the judge to consider whether or not the conduct may have been consensual between mi-nors. This circumstance is irrelevant when the sentence is mandatory. For decades now, the extensive re-search and evidence has demonstrated that mandatory minimum sentences fail to reduce crime, discriminate against minorities, waste the tax-payers’ money, and often require a judge to impose sentences so bizarre that they violate common sense. Unfortunately, there are already too many mandatory minimums in the Federal code. If we ever expect to do anything about the problem and actu-ally address this major driver of mass incarceration, the first step we have to take is to stop passing new mandatory minimums or bills that expand existing mandatory minimums. Mr. Speaker, we have to recognize that mandatory minimums in the code did not get there all at once. They got there one at a time, each part of a larg-er bill, which, on balance, might seem like a good idea. Therefore, the only way to stop passing new mandatory minimums is to stop passing bills that contain or broaden the application of mandatory minimums. Giving lip service to the suggestion that you would have preferred that the mandatory minimum had not been in the bill and then voting for the bill anyway not only creates that new man-datory minimum, but it also guaran-tees that mandatory minimums will be included in the next crime bill. Mr. Speaker, this bill would not be controversial if it did not contain man-datory minimums, but, unfortunately, it does. Therefore, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 1761. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am honored today to speak in sup-port of my legislation, the Protecting Against Child Exploitation Act, which aims to close a court-created loophole, and as the title suggests, further pro-tect our children from predators. When I first arrived to Congress after almost 20 years of litigating constitu-tional law cases and drafting legisla-tion for municipalities to control the proliferation of sexually oriented busi-nesses, I was deeply concerned to learn that this particular loophole even ex-isted in current Federal law, which es-sentially allows a child rapist to admit to sexually abusing a child and yet still evade punishment. The background is important to reit-erate. As my chairman stated moments ago, this comes from a 2015 case, United States v. Palomino-Coronado, where the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit reversed the conviction of a child sex offender simply because the court determined the perpetrator lacked specific intent to record the dis-gusting images that were found on the offender’s smartphone. This is despite the fact that the defendant admitted to sexually abusing the 7-year-old child from next door and memorializing the conduct. In its opinion, the court decided the lack of purpose or specific intent was enough to overturn the conviction, even though the defendant himself took the photo of the heinous act and subsequently admitted to sexually abusing this child. This is absolutely in clear contradiction of our responsi-bility and this Congress’ intention to protect America’s children. In Scripture, Romans 13 refers to the governing authorities as ‘‘God’s serv-ants, agents of wrath to bring punish-ment on the wrongdoer.’’ I, for one, be-lieve we have a moral obligation, as any just government should, to defend the defenseless. My legislation presents a simple fix and updates title 18 of the U.S. Code to ensure future defendants are not able to circumvent the law by simply claim-ing a lack of intent, especially after knowingly creating a visual depiction of a minor engaged in sexually con-duct. More specifically, my legislation amends section 2251 of title 18 to pro-hibit the production and transmission of a visual depiction of a real minor en-gaged in sexually explicit conduct. Furthermore, it amends current law to include prohibiting the depiction of a minor assisting any person in engag-ing in a sexually explicit act. Lastly, to clarify potential cir-cumstances of misinterpretation of the statute and to ensure the statute is not used erroneously to prosecute internet services providers when they have not engaged in wrongdoing, my legislation emphasizes that to be criminally liable under section (a)(3), an internet service provider must have actual knowledge that the child pornography is on its server and that it must intentionally transmit that image or intentionally cause its transmission. We also take the step of prohibiting any criminal or civil liability for inter-net service providers who are required to transmit child pornography to law enforcement in response to a legal process, such as a search warrant in child exploitation cases. Of course, we would never anticipate a prosecution of an internet service provider for merely responding to a legal process, but it is my hope that explicitly providing for this immunity in the statute will fur-ther enhance the relationship between internet service providers and law en-forcement to work together to combat these predators. In answer to the opposition that we have heard here, it is important to re-iterate this legislation does not create new mandatory minimums. However, I would like to address the comments re-garding the current law on mandatory minimum penalties under the produc-tion of child pornography statute. There is simply no evidence that Fed-eral prosecutors are abusing this stat-ute. I think we should all recognize that producing child pornography is a horrific crime. It often means luring young children into acts that no one, man, woman, or child, should be forced to do. It is not a photograph of a nude child. It is something far worse. Each photo is a crime scene. Such a horrific act by the perpetrator requires the maximum amount of legal deterrents. While mandatory minimums have reached much scrutiny in the drug statutes, in this venue for this statute, there could be no doubt that the pen-alties that exist under current law are appropriate. Child sexual exploitation is vastly underreported. The number of images of child pornography keeps growing and the images are becoming more and more depraved. The harm is too great to these victims not to have significant penalties available to deter this conduct and punish the producers of child pornography. Every time an image of child pornog-raphy is viewed, the victim gets re-victimized. Once an image is on the internet, it is irretrievable and can continue to circulate forever. This per-manent record of a child’s sexual abuse can alter his or her life forever. Many victims of child pornography suffer from feelings of helplessness, fear, hu-miliation, and lack of control, given that their images are available for oth-ers to view in perpetuity. b1045 These images are becoming more sa-distic and violent, and the age of the average victim is becoming younger and younger. It is a horrifying fact that it is not uncommon for even tod-dlers and infants to now be subjects of these images. It is also important that there is no confusion about one fact: The very cre-ation of these images is repulsive, re-gardless of whether or not the abuse was done with a specific intent of cre-ating an image or if the intent to me-morialize this conduct was a secondary thought. Consider the facts of the case that led to this bill. As was mentioned, an adult male had sexual relations with a 7-year-old girl who lived next door and decided to photograph it. That is the production of child pornography. There is no question about it. No one should be permitted to escape responsibility merely by asserting they did not have a specific intent to create the image before they abused the child. The act of taking a photo or making a video is enough to demonstrate intent. Mr. Speaker, that is what this bill does. It is appropriate that we are doing all this on the day that we recog-nize as National Missing Children’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.022 H25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4586 May 25, 2017 
Day. I am going to urge all my col-leagues to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the opponents and proponents of this legislation because they have said much the same thing. H.R. 1761 is a bill that stands against everything we stand against. It is for protecting against child exploitation, and we all agree with that. We agree, as well, that the bill has existing man-datory minimums and the attempt of the proponent of this bill to ensure that the decision that occurred in Pal-omino would not occur again. Some clarification has occurred, and that is that the bill, or the law, now, with H.R. 1761 explicitly prohibits the creation of a visual depiction or live transmission of a minor engaged in sexually explicit conduct. That is, of course, a meritorious and unanimously supported position. The mandatory minimums continue and also are added to, now, a number of other offenses. As have been indicated, those offenses can be upwards of 20 years, and they can be for a variety of offenses added under this bill. So the bill is well intended, and the initial prohibition could draw support in a bipartisan manner, but the contin-ued adding of offenses to mandatory minimums rather than language that would have left the sentencing to the discretion of the Federal court—which, by the way, many Federal judges have come to this Congress and to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary to ask for and indicate the value of discretion as re-lates to their sentencing. This is not a death penalty case, so, clearly, the dis-cretion of the court and the wisdom of the court could be utilized for the ap-propriate new offenses and the appro-priate sentencing. So while the bill is well intended, it is overbroad in scope and will punish the very people it indicates it is de-signed to protect: our children. H.R. 1761 would expand and modify the meaning of sexual exploitation of chil-dren, thereby granting new offenses that may be prosecuted under section 2251 of the Federal criminal code, which generally prohibits the produc-tion of child pornography. As indicated, it works to fix the Fourth Circuit decision in Palomino, which reversed the defendant’s convic-tion because the decision was that there was no proof of intent. The struc-ture of the statute, however, would sig-nificantly be modified by H.R. 1761, separating section 2251(a) into five enu-merated offenses, codified as 2251(a)(1) through (5). Based on the language in this bill, to criminalize the knowing consent of the visual depiction or live transmission of a minor engaged in sexually explicit conduct, a teenager sexting another teenager could be swept up under the statutory power of this new measure. Research shows that 91 percent of teenagers, tweens, have access to the internet and/or a smartphone. Hence, given the rampant advancement in technology and, consequently, its usage among this demographic, we must exercise prudence when intro-ducing legislation that is seemingly ig-norant of the growing trend of commu-nication among teenagers. H.R. 1761 ignores the life-altering im-pact it would have on our juveniles who engage in otherwise stupid and im-mature behaviors and, in most cases, consensually explicit sexual conduct if we begin to criminalize such conduct. While this bill seeks to protect mi-nors—and I congratulate the proponent for that intent—in the same vein, it drastically alters the penalty for mi-nors who may face mandatory mini-mums in sentencing, and, therefore, it is flawed in its design and intended purpose. Let me be very clear: Legislators have very good intentions, but we can-not stand on the floor and guarantee how it will be interpreted. We cannot guarantee that one teenager will not be caught up in this new legislation. Court interpretation, prosecutors’ in-terpretation, all that will be subjected to mandatory minimums, which is in the underlying bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
OLIQUIN ). The time of the gentle-woman has expired. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to consider these concerns. I heard the gentleman speak of his ef-fort to ensure that the internet pro-vider would have to show intent or have intentionally engaged. Again, the interpretation of these bills are subject to interpretation, and the clearer we can be here on the floor of the House, the more we can be ap-propriate in its application. My point is, in concluding, I hope we will ultimately have legislation that comes back to the floor of the House that we all may be able to join in and that the elements that do not impact and protect our teenagers will be elimi-nated and we can be assured that inter-net providers are protected as well. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume to just say a couple of important points in rebuttal to what we have heard. For one thing, there has been no evi-dence that the cases referenced by the gentlewoman involving conduct be-tween minors are being prosecuted at the Federal level. I have not seen even one that has been cited. The point here is that prosecutorial discretion has been a sufficient buffer. In committee, our colleagues on the other side have invoked stories of juve-nile offenders being charged for consen-sual conduct and placed on sex offender registries unjustly; however, these are all cases that were prosecuted at the local level. Not one that has been men-tioned has been a Federal case. It is important to note that, for of-fenders under 18, the Federal Depart-ment of Justice policy on charging ju-veniles means that juvenile prosecu-tions very rarely occur, and only if no State court can assume jurisdiction. In fact, certification from the Attorney General himself is necessary to proceed against a juvenile. Again, I know of no such case in which a juvenile has been prosecuted federally under any child pornography statute. So while we appreciate and un-derstand the concerns about manda-tory minimum sentencing and its abuse, particularly with the drug stat-utes, again, it is important to reiterate here, that is not the case with child pornography. For that reason, Mr. Speaker, I would oppose these arguments and trust that my colleagues will see the wisdom in supporting this very impor-tant and timely legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, the Members of the House cannot rely on prospective dis-cretion to protect juveniles under this statute. We simply can’t rely on it, participate in, given the new policy of the Attorney General. We are under a new regime here at the Federal level, and I can’t depend on relying on the prosecutorial discretion to protect ju-veniles under this statute. Mr. Speaker, I believe this bill is well intended, and I share my colleagues’ desire to protect children from being victimized by their depiction in por-nography. However, I also believe that we must address the serious problem presented by the bill, namely, that it would expand the application of the ex-isting array of mandatory minimum sentences that the code provides for these offenses. This aspect of H.R. 1761 directly con-flicts with the growing bipartisan real-ization that mandatory minimums are unjust and unwise; this is so even for egregious offenses for which judges should be allowed to impose sen-tences—often severe and even beyond the minimums—based on the facts and circumstances of each case. I want to leave it up to the judges. In considering legislation to better protect our children from the types of exploitation addressed by this bill, we must not ignore the sentencing impli-cations of these revisions to the stat-ute. In light of the bill’s failure to ad-dress these serious concerns, I oppose H.R. 1761 and urge my colleagues to do likewise. We should consider even stronger leg-islation that addresses all these con-cerns. We are not through with the sub-ject matter by this bill coming before us today. There is more work to be done. I thank my colleagues for this very important discussion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.025 H25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4587 May 25, 2017 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Madam Speaker, the concerns stated today are misplaced. The child pornography stat-utes have never been the subject of abuse by Federal prosecutors, and there is no evidence that that would happen in the future. However, the abuse that is being allowed and that we must address today is that of our chil-dren, and that abuse is being allowed because of a loophole that was, sadly, created by a Federal court. Today we have an opportunity to cor-rect that wrong. We have an oppor-tunity to do what we all acknowledge to be the right thing: to defend the most defenseless among us. It is, in-deed, an honor for us to take this ac-tion on the week that commemorates National Missing Children’s Week and here, even, on this day, National Miss-ing Children’s Day. I urge all my colleagues to join me in supporting the Protecting Against Child Exploitation Act. We hope that everyone will do the right thing here today. Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. F
OXX). All time for debate on the bill has expired. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part B of House Report 115– 152. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 5, line 3, insert after ‘‘section 2258B.’’ the following: ‘‘(h) Notwithstanding subsection (e), a per-son who violates paragraph (2) or (3) of sub-section (a) and is 19 years of age or younger at the time the violation occurred may, in the alternative, be punished for a violation of this section by imprisonment for not more than 1 year or a fine under this title, or both, if— ‘‘(1) the minor is 15 years of age or older and not more than 4 years younger than the person who committed the violation, at the time the sexually explicit conduct occurred; and ‘‘(2) the sexually explicit conduct that oc-curred was consensual.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 352, the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Texas. b1100 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, I associate myself with the words of the ranking member, Mr. C
ONYERS . I look forward to strengthening these laws and, as well, working on legisla-tion to continue to protect our chil-dren, our innocent children, from sex-ual abuse, sexual assault, and the dev-astation that it has on their lives. So I rise to continue that theme and to indicate, as I said earlier, that some of the clarifications in the underlying bill are important, and important to clarify, and important to provide pro-hibitions that will be clear in possible further court interpretations. But I maintain that we cannot predict the court interpretations, and the better and clearer that we are to protect our children, I believe, is a route that we should take. The bill would add new classes of of-fenses. But section 2251 does not pro-vide for Romeo and Juliet exceptions; i.e., the penalties apply even when con-duct is consensual and when the victim and offender are close in age. For ex-ample, a 19-year-old and a 17-year-old who videotaped themselves engaged in a sexual act, then emailed the video to their own email accounts, the 19-year- old would be subject to mandatory minimums. That is the basis of the amendment, the Jackson Lee amend-ment. The Jackson Lee amendment is a Romeo and Juliet exception. The amendment is a reasonable approach to treatment of adolescent behavior that should not be left to prosecutors. The pervasiveness of personal technology, such as cell phones and tablets, have given rise to teenage sexting. Research has shown that teenage sexting is wide-spread, even among middle school-age youth. Under section 2251, teenagers pros-ecuted for talking and sending mes-sages, and then taking and sending messages, would be subject to manda-tory prison sentences of at least 15 years and sex offender registration. In light of the recent troubling state-ments by Attorney General Sessions, Congress should provide an alternative to existing mandatory penalties in sexting cases, particularly with juve-niles. We cannot say that a juvenile will not be prosecuted federally. They could be, under this particular statute. So this is a carve-out, a Romeo and Juliet carve-out, to ensure that it does not happen, to protect against the pos-sibility of it happening. A study conducted by Drexel Univer-sity found that more than half of the undergraduate students who took part in an online survey said they had sexted when they were teenagers, and 30 percent said that they included photos in that message, meaning that they had sent sexual texts. Therefore, I ask that my colleagues come together and support the Jackson Lee amendment for a Romeo and Juliet carve-out. Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Madam Speaker, it is not only unnecessary, but it is fashioned in such a manner which may potentially create the type of loophole that we are looking to close. Under current law, so-called Romeo and Juliet cases, such as those between 19- and 50-year-olds, could be pros-ecuted under any of the child pornog-raphy laws—possession, production, or distribution. That has always been the case. However, I reiterate that we know of no such instance that has been brought under any of these Federal provisions under the circumstances covered by this amendment, which further sup-ports the fact that Federal prosecutors do not appear to be bringing such cases. There is just simply no evidence that has been produced to suggest oth-erwise. For that reason, the amend-ment is completely unnecessary, and it is based upon no evidence at all. On the contrary, the underlying bill is based upon a real case where a real 7-year-old girl was sexually abused and photographed by a real sexual pred-ator. Our colleagues on the other side have also continually referred to Attorney General Sessions’ recent charging memoranda which suggests that under the policy in his memo prosecutors will suddenly be forced to aggressively prosecute 19-year-olds who are engag-ing in consensual sexual conduct under this statute. But that notion is prepos-terous and is also based on no evidence. As an initial matter, the minority completely ignores the fact that a prosecutor makes an initial determina-tion as to whether to commence or de-cline prosecution. And this is distinct from the subsequent decision of what charges should be brought, which would only occur if the decision to prosecute is made in the first place. According to the U.S. attorneys’ manual, in making the initial deter-mination to commence a prosecution, a prosecutor must consider whether ‘‘a substantial Federal interest would be served by the prosecution,’’ and wheth-er, ‘‘in his or her judgment: One, the person is subject to effective prosecu-tion in another jurisdiction; or, two, there exists an adequate noncriminal alternative to prosecution.’’ The Sessions memo doesn’t change any of that, and it is absurd to think that the memo will cause the Depart-ment of Justice to suddenly shift its prosecutions to aggressively go after Romeo and Juliet cases. This is espe-cially ridiculous, as Attorney General Sessions had made clear from the out-set, that the priorities of DOJ and this administration are to prosecute violent crimes and violent offenders. I think that the minority just fun-damentally misunderstands and mischaracterizes not only the Sessions memo but this legislation. For that reason, I urge all of my colleagues to oppose the Jackson Lee amendment. Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, let me quickly say that I respect the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.026 H25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4588 May 25, 2017 
gentleman, but I take great issue in calling a Member’s amendment, or the analysis of that amendment, ridicu-lous, because it is not ridiculous. It is an extremely reasonable amendment. And unless he has some powers that I am not aware of, no one can predict when a prosecutor will determine that they will prosecute. We cannot. We pass criminal justice laws every day and cannot predict. Whether or not it is based upon the Sessions memo, which as far as anyone who can read knows that we are going back to a stricter enforcement of ev-erything criminal against everyone. That is clear. The Jackson Lee amendment recog-nizes that not all sex offenses are the same. And currently, section 2251 is a one-size-fits-all sentencing scheme. It fits all, even a 19-year-old. The Jackson Lee amendment would provide a better alternative. Punish-ment will be available involving of-fenses. When defendants are no more than 19 years old, they would have other alternatives. The judge would have discretion. That is simply what we are asking for. Madam Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD an article entitled, ‘‘Keep Man-datory Minimums Out of the Juvenile Justice System.’’ This bill does not do that; and I also include an article enti-tled, ‘‘Teenage Sexting is Not Child Porn.’’ 
[June 16, 2014] OP-ED: K
EEPMANDATORY MINIMUMS OUT OF  
THEJUVENILE JUSTICE SYSTEM  (By Lizzie Buchen) Across the country, mandatory minimum sentences are falling out of favor. From Sen. Rand Paul to Attorney General Eric Holder, people from both ends of the political spec-trum are blaming these harsh and punitive sentences for driving our skyrocketing incar-ceration rates and exacerbating racial dis-parities in the criminal justice system. But in this era of smart sentencing reform—par-ticularly toward young people—a disturbing piece of legislation is coasting through the California legislature, threatening to wrench the state in the opposite direction. Senate Bill 838, authored by state Sen. Jim Beall (D– Santa Clara), would break new ground by es-tablishing the first mandatory minimum sentences in the state’s juvenile justice sys-tem. The juvenile justice system was founded on the understanding that young people who commit offenses are often struggling in situ-ations outside of their control, are highly amenable to rehabilitation and have the po-tential to lead productive and law-abiding lives. Mandatory minimum sentences auto-matic sentences of incarceration or confine-ment, meted out regardless of the facts of the case are completely at odds with these foundational principles. They are determined not by the youth’s past circumstances or po-tential life ahead, but by what he or she has done. The only result is punishment, a sharp contrast to the rehabilitative ideals of the juvenile justice system. Mandatory minimum sentences are com-pletely incompatible with how juvenile court works. When a youth has committed an of-fense, juvenile court judges tailor sanctions to best meet a youth’s unique needs for reha-bilitation by weighing a comprehensive set of factors, including the severity of the crime, the statement of the victims, and the circumstances of the youth’s life—including mental health issues and experience with abuse, homelessness and extreme poverty. The judge then chooses from a wide range of community-based and residential options, al-lowing him or her to tailor the sanction to best treat the youth and protect the commu-nity. In line with this focus on rehabilita-tion, the sentences are indeterminate, with terms based on the youth’s progress. Proponents of mandatory minimum sen-tences, including supporters of California’s youth mandatory minimum bill, claim that these sentences deter crime. But the evi-dence tells us this is a dubious notion at best. Although this bill would introduce the first mandatory minimum sentences in Cali-fornia’s juvenile justice system, such sen-tences have been in place in the adult system for decades—and are widely recognized as failures. A large and growing body of re-search has found that mandatory minimum sentences have come at enormous social, fi-nancial and human costs, with little benefit to public safety. There is no evidence that these sentences have a significant deterrent effect. If anything, these harsh punishments are counterproductive, putting the public at risk by disrupting families, impoverishing communities of human capital, making it more difficult for people to return to law- abiding society and diverting precious public resources away from social services and to-ward costly incarceration. [From the New York Times, Apr. 4, 2016] T
EENAGE SEXTING ISNOTCHILD PORN (By Amy Adele Hasinoff) Teenagers who sext are in a precarious legal position. Though in most states teen-agers who are close in age can legally have consensual sex, if they create and share sex-ually explicit images of themselves, they are technically producing, distributing or pos-sessing child pornography. The laws that cover this situation, passed decades ago, were meant to apply to adults who exploited children and require those convicted under them to register as sex offenders. Though most prosecutors do not use these laws against consensual teenage sexters, some do. The University of New Hampshire’s Crimes Against Children Research Center es-timates that 7 percent of people arrested on suspicion of child pornography production in 2009 were teenagers who shared images with peers consensually. Almost two dozen states, including New York, Illinois and Florida, have tried to solve the legal problems that surround sexting with new legislation, and others, like Colorado, are considering new sexting laws. These reforms typically give prosecutors the discretion to choose between child-pornog-raphy felony charges or lesser penalties like misdemeanor charges or a mandatory edu-cational program. These new laws may seem like a measured solution to the problem of charging teenage sexters with child pornography felonies. However, once they have the option of lesser penalties, prosecutors are more likely to press charges—not only against teenagers who distribute private images without per-mission, but also against those who sext con-sensually. Given the extensive research that shows that young people who are nonwhite, low in-come, gay or transgender are disproportion-ately prosecuted for many crimes, there is good reason to suspect that laws that crim-inalize teenage sexting are being unfairly ap-plied as well. As legislators have tried to cope with the legal fallout, they have also opened up more types of images to scrutiny: While child pornography laws apply only to sexually explicit images, many new sexting laws criminalize all nude images of teen-agers, including photos of topless teenage girls. A better solution would be to bring child pornography laws in line with statutory rape laws by exempting teenagers who are close in age and who consensually create, share or receive sexual images. Vermont tried to enact major reform to its child pornography laws in 2009, but abandoned the effort after a national backlash and settled instead on a new misdemeanor law. In February, New Mexico passed a limited version of child pornography reform, which shields teenagers who receive a sexual image from a peer from facing child-pornography possession charges. Teenagers who create or share sexual images can still be convicted of child pornography production or distribu-tion. Both existing child pornography laws and new sexting-specific laws criminalize a com-mon behavior among teenagers. Studies have shown that roughly one-third of 16- and 17- year-olds share suggestive images on their cellphones. Among young adults, rates are above 50 percent. In the past, partners wrote love letters, sent suggestive Polaroids and had phone sex. Today, for better or worse, this kind of interpersonal sexual commu-nication also occurs in a digital format. And it’s not just young people: An article in an AARP magazine describes sexting as ‘‘fun, easy and usually harmless.’’ Like any sexual act, consensual sexting is somewhat risky and requires trust, but it is not inherently harmful as long as partners respect each other’s privacy and are atten-tive to consent. Studies have found that around 3 percent of Americans report that someone has distributed private sexual im-ages without their permission, and around 10 percent of sexters report negative con-sequences. The risk of distribution is signifi-cantly higher among those who were coerced into sexting. The victim of a sexual privacy violation can be traumatized and humiliated, and is often blamed for his or her victimization. Unfortunately, the criminalization of sexting worsens this problem because teen-agers know that if they report the incident they may be punished at school and possibly charged with the same offense as the perpe-trator. In most jurisdictions, distributing a sexual image of a teenager is illegal, regard-less of whether one is consensually sending a nude selfie to a partner or maliciously dis-tributing a private photo of another person without permission. Though some people believe that prohib-iting sexting discourages the practice and protects teenagers from harm, research on abstinence-only sex education demonstrates that those policies actually increase un-wanted pregnancies and sexually trans-mitted infections. Abstinence-only messages about sexting are likely to be counter-productive as well. What parents and educators need to do in-stead is help young people learn how to navi-gate sexual risk and trust. Whether or not it is criminalized, we cannot prevent sexting, just as we cannot prevent teenagers from having sex. What we need to focus on is pre-venting acts of sexual violation, like the dis-tribution of a private image without permis-sion, pressuring a partner to sext or sending a sexual image to an unwilling recipient. Though not all teenagers are sexting, those who are (and those who will when they are older) need to learn how to practice safer sexting, which means that it always has to be consensual. As State Senator George Mun˜oz, a promi-nent supporter of the amendment that estab-lished New Mexico’s new sexting regime, told 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.029 H25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4589 May 25, 2017 
The Guardian, ‘‘Our laws have to change with technology.’’ To keep up with those changes, the first step is to decriminalize consensual sexting by creating exceptions in child pornography laws for teenagers who are close in age. Once we do this, we can concentrate on de-veloping better ways to deal with the new digital forms of harm. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak about my amendment to H.R. 1761, ‘‘Protecting Against Child Exploitation Act.’’ As Ranking Member of the House Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, I offer this amend-ment to help make H.R. 1761 a better bill to achieve its intended purpose. Though troubled by any sexually explicit ac-tivity that may exploit and otherwise, harm our children, I believe that H.R. 1761, the ‘‘Pro-tecting Against Child Exploitation Act,’’ is deadly and counterproductive to ensuring pro-tection of our youth population in our new technology era. This bill will exacerbate overwhelming con-cerns with the unfair and unjust mandatory minimum sentencing that contributes to the over-criminalization of juveniles and mass in-carceration generally. Simply put, this bill will add to the already tragic realities of many juveniles. Rather than proceeding with the caution befitting an expan-sion of the mandatory sentencing penalty, H.R. 1761 is being rushed to the House Floor, without a single hearing and without the op-portunity to consider amendments directly rel-evant to whether our system of criminalizing juveniles for sexting is fair, just, and sound policy. Though presented as a proposal to protect children, H.R. 1761 excessively penalizes ju-veniles and creates life altering criminal charges when engaged in ‘sexting’. Rather, it raises new constitutional con-cerns; and it does not address documented and systemic unfairness and racial disparity in the imposition of mandatory sentencing and its overbroad sweep of criminalizing juveniles. My amendment fixes that problem. It cre-ates an alternative punishment (not more than one year of imprisonment) under section 2251 for teenagers who participate in ‘‘sexting’’ and might otherwise be subject to mandatory min-imum sentences of at least 15 years in prison. The Jackson Lee is a thoughtful, narrowly- drawn provision that provides judges with a sensible sentencing option for teenagers no more than 19 years old who participate in sexting that may be applied in the judges’ dis-cretion, in appropriate cases. The Jackson Lee amendment is a reason-able approach to treatment of adolescent be-havior that should not be left to prosecutors. The pervasiveness of personal technology, such as cellphones and tablets, has given rise to teenage ‘‘sexting.’’ Research has shown that teenage sexting is widespread, even among middle school-aged youth. Under sec-tion 2251, teenagers prosecuted for taking and sending such messages would be subject to mandatory prison sentences of at least 15 years and sex offender registration. In light of the recent troubling statements made by Attor-ney General Sessions, Congress should pro-vide an alternative to existing mandatory min-imum penalties in ‘‘sexting’’ cases. A study conducted by Drexel University found that more than half of the under-graduate students who took part in an online survey said that they sexted when they were teenagers. Thirty percent said they included photos in their messages and 61 percent did not know that sending nude photos via text could be considered child pornography. An-other online survey published in 2008 found that almost 40 percent of teenagers between ages 13 and 19 had sent ‘‘sext’’ messages, al-most 50 percent had received a sext mes-sage, and 20 percent posted nude or semi- nude content online. The Jackson Lee amendment recognizes that not all sex offenses are the same. Cur-rently, section 2251 employs a one-size-fits-all sentencing scheme. Under section 2251, a 19 year-old, who engages in ‘‘sexting’’ (sending or receiving a sexually explicit photo or video of a minor) with a willing, 17 year-old girlfriend or boyfriend, would be subject to the same mandatory minimum sentence as a 50 year- old man, who engages in the same conduct with a 17 year-old. The Jackson Lee amendment would provide a better alternative. The alternative punish-ment would be available in prosecutions in-volving offenses under section 2251(a)(2) or 2251(a)(3), when the defendant is no more than 19 years old, the difference in age be-tween the defendant and victim is no more than four years, and the sexually explicit con-duct depicted in the photo or video was con-sensual. Judges would not be required to sen-tence teenagers pursuant to the alternative punishment. Madam Speaker, I yield to the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. C
ONYERS ). Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman and congratu-late her on this very important amend-ment. This amendment creates alternative sentencing specifically for teenagers who participate in sexting and could, as a result of this bill and the applica-tion of current mandatory minimum sentences, be subject to mandatory sentences of at least 15 years. We should not, as she has already stated so well, leave it to prosecutors to deter-mine whether teenagers take part in teenage behavior. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Madam Speaker, I have tremendous respect for my colleagues on the other side, Mr. C
ONYERS and Ms. J ACKSON LEE. I under-stand her amendment is heartfelt and has the proper motive and attention. I would just suggest, again, that the risk of this amendment outweighs any potential benefit because it creates the kind of loopholes that we are trying here desperately to prevent. Madam Speaker, I urge my col-leagues to oppose the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended, and on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EE). The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on adoption of the amendment will be followed by 5- minute votes on passage of the bill, if ordered, and passage of H.R. 1973. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 180, nays 238, not voting 12, as follows: [Roll No. 283] YEAS—180 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Labrador Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NAYS—238 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bera Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.018 H25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4590 May 25, 2017 
Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Panetta Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—12 
Cummings Johnson (GA) Johnson, Sam Kihuen Kustoff (TN) Maloney, Carolyn B. McSally Meeks Newhouse Nolan Quigley Swalwell (CA) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 368, noes 51, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 284] AYES—368 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blunt Rochester Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Cicilline Clark (MA) Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Levin Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Noem Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—51 
Amash Bass Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Conyers Davis, Danny DeSaulnier Ellison Evans Fudge Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Khanna Lee Lewis (GA) Lowenthal Massie McEachin McGovern Moore Nadler Pallone Payne Pocan Richmond Rush Schakowsky Scott (VA) Sherman Smith (WA) Takano Veasey Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) 
NOT VOTING—11 
Cummings Davis (CA) Johnson, Sam Kihuen Kustoff (TN) Maloney, Carolyn B. McSally Meeks Newhouse Nolan Swalwell (CA) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I mistakenly voted ‘‘no,’’ when I meant to vote ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall No. 285. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. M CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, the man who has served as a father figure to me for the past twenty years has taken a turn for the worse in his battle against cancer and his health is rapidly deteriorating. As such, I have returned home and will miss votes today, Thursday, May 25. Had I been present, I would have voted: ‘‘NAY’’ on rollcall No. 283, ‘‘YEA’’ on rollcall No. 284, and ‘‘YEA’’ on roll-call No. 285. f 
TO AMEND SECTION 1214 OF TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE, TO PROVIDE FOR STAYS DURING A PERIOD THAT THE MERIT SYS-TEMS PROTECTION BOARD LACKS A QUORUM Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform be discharged from further consideration of the bill (S. 1083) to amend section 1214 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for stays during a period that the Merit Systems Protection Board lacks a quorum, and ask for its immediate con-sideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. G
AETZ ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1083 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. STAYS BY MSPB DURING PERIODS WITH NO QUORUM. 
Section 1214(b)(1)(B) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(i)’’ before ‘‘The Board may’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) If the Board lacks the number of members appointed under section 1201 re-quired to constitute a quorum, any remain-ing member of the Board who was appointed, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, shall, upon request by the Special Counsel, extend the period of any stay grant-ed under subparagraph (A).’’. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY JODY B . HICE OF  
GEORGIA  
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
In section 1214(b)(1)(B)(ii) of title 5, United States Code, as proposed to be added by sec-tion 1(2) of the bill, strike ‘‘shall’’ and insert ‘‘may’’. 
The amendment was agreed to. The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it ad-journ to meet at 10 a.m. tomorrow. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.037 H25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4592 May 25, 2017 
RECOGNIZING BRIAN C. COOPER ON HIS RETIREMENT Mr. WOMACK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Brian C. Coo-per, who is retiring from the Office of the Parliamentarian after 35 years on Capitol Hill. Brian is a native of Baltimore, Mary-land, and a graduate of Frederick Douglass High School and the Commu-nity College of Baltimore County, where he received his degree in com-mercial and graphic arts. Brian began his Capitol Hill career in September of 1992, when he was hired in the stockroom of the Longworth Building, working in publication and distribution services. Throughout the eighties and early nineties, Brian held a variety of posi-tions on Capitol Hill, including roles on the Small Business Committee and the Government Operations Sub-committee. Through this experience, Brian learned the intricacies of the leg-islative process and the inner-workings of House operations, skills that would serve him well when, in 1995, he was hired as an Assistant Clerk to the Par-liamentarian. Brian would spend the next 22 years in the House Parliamentarian’s Office and became Chief Clerk to the Parlia-mentarian in 2009. For over two dec-ades, Brian has been a fixture at the House rostrum, dutifully assisting the presiding officer in timekeeping, recog-nizing Members on the floor, and pre-paring and reviewing reams of legisla-tive paperwork for the House. Brian has prepared the House Cham-bers for both visiting dignitaries and State of the Union addresses alike, and everything in between. If that wasn’t enough, Brian also created the first computer network for the Parliamen-tarian. An accomplished artist, Brian re-mains active in artistic endeavors, which run the gamut from pencil draw-ings, watercolors, and oils, to photog-raphy and architectural design. His re-tirement will offer new opportunities to continue these pursuits. A devoted Orioles fan, it is my hope that Brian will spend some of his well-earned free time at Camden Yards. A consummate professional, Brian has spent his career on Capitol Hill committed to assisting with an orderly and accurate legislative process, ob-served in a fair and nonpartisan man-ner. He is a quintessential legislative resource for this entire body, and I am certain the House of Representatives has known few individuals more dedi-cated to its proper functioning and leg-acy than Brian Cooper. On behalf of everyone affiliated with this, the people’s House, including my colleagues gathered in front of me here as I speak, Brian, we are happy to cele-brate this important milestone in your life, and we thank you for your dedi-cated service to the House and to America. 
f 
MINORITY BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT AGENCY (Mr. M
CNERNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, the President’s fiscal year 2018 budget calls for the elimination of the Minority Business Development Agency. This is shameful and counterproductive to the progress that minority-owned firms have achieved. I led on this issue by sending two bi-partisan letters to the House Appro-priations Committee, joined by over 70 Members, advocating for Congress to fund the MBDA at fiscal 2017 levels, and recommending that the MBDA pro-vide annual policy reports to Congress. The agency has one of the highest re-turns on investment in the Federal Government, helping minority-owned firms secure $40 billion in contracts and capital over the last 10 years. The 8 million minority businesses in the United States contribute $1.4 trillion in economic output to the economy. My home State of California leads the Na-tion with 1.6 million minority-owned firms, which represents 45 percent of all businesses in my State. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to continue funding the Minority Busi-ness Development Agency so that we can continue to see this progress in our economic growth and for the commu-nities of our Nation. 
f 
NATIONAL MISSING CHILDREN’S DAY (Mr. BIGGS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, today is National Missing Children’s Day. This day of recognition was started by President Reagan in 1983 to raise awareness of the threat of child abduc-tion, and reminds us today that we still have work to do. Following the tragic murder of 9- year-old Amber Hagerman in 1996, Con-gress authorized the AMBER Alert sys-tem to create a coordinated alert sys-tem to assist law enforcement in find-ing abducted children in the important first hours after an abduction. Since its inception, more than 800 children have been recovered through the use of the AMBER Alert system. However, the original legislation did not include Indian Tribes as eligible users of the program, and we saw the tragic effects of this exclusion when 11- year-old Ashlynne Mike was abducted and murdered on the Navajo Nation. For this reason, I have introduced the AMBER Alert in Indian Country Act. This act will include our 567 Fed-erally recognized tribes as partners in the AMBER Alert Program to ensure that everyone is able to utilize this im-portant tool. My bill is a bipartisan ef-fort and it is endorsed by criminal jus-tice, child safety groups, and Indian Tribes around the country. Mr. Speaker, the AMBER Alert has helped many families experience the joy of being reunited with an abducted child. It is time we extend this alert to Indian Country so that no child is out-side the jurisdiction of this vital pro-gram. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation so we can continue to pro-tect our children. f 
AMERICA NEEDS A RAISE (Mr. ELLISON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, America needs a raise. It has been years since we have in-creased the Federal minimum wage, which is an abysmal $7.25. All over this country, we see ballot measures pass-ing in red States and blue State in-creasing the minimum wage, like Alas-ka and Arkansas. We have seen the minimum wage go up in New Jersey and all over the country. While people in Congress may not realize that Amer-ica needs a raise, people across the United States do. Today I am going to participate in a press conference to say that we are going to propose a bill to raise the min-imum to $15 an hour and index it. This is a simple recognition that if you work full time, you shouldn’t live in poverty. If you work full time, you shouldn’t have to rely on food stamps, you shouldn’t have to rely on housing assistance, and you shouldn’t have to rely on medical assistance. I believe in those programs and I sup-port them, but if you work hard every day, you shouldn’t have to rely on gov-ernment assistance just to put food on the table. Mr. Speaker, two-thirds of the people who benefit from an increase in the minimum wage are women. This is a gender issue. This is a general inequal-ity problem. We have to fight. America needs a raise, Mr. Speaker. Let’s do it. 
f 
b1200 REMEMBERING DR. AMY REED (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that we say good- bye to Dr. Amy Reed, a recognized phy-sician, exemplary mother and wife, and dedicated patient advocate. Dr. Reed didn’t ask for the situation she found herself in following a proce-dure in 2013, but it was immediately evident to anyone that met her—and her family—that she was going to be a fighter, not only for herself but for oth-ers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.041 H25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4593 May 25, 2017 
Through her loving husband’s, Hooman’s, campaign to bring aware-ness to the dangers of power morcellators, there is no doubt that women’s lives around this country have been saved and device manufac-turers and regulators have been forced to review their safety protocols and standards. This is Amy’s gift, and we are eter-nally grateful. My thoughts and pray-ers are with her dedicated husband and partner, their six children, and her en-tire family. Let our community em-brace them in their time of sorrow and vow to carry Amy’s legacy and mission forward. 
f 
THE PRESIDENT’S BUDGET (Mr. COHEN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, today, At-torney General Jefferson Beauregard Sessions spoke in Memphis, Tennessee. I felt like I was listening to something out of the fifties or sixties. He put out all the platitudes about being tough on crime and locking people up and think-ing that was going to help solve the crime problem. He didn’t talk at all about the cost of crime and the Bernie Madoff-like budg-et that we have been presented by the Trump administration, cutting minor-ity business centers, cutting SNAP funding, cutting LIHEAP funding, and cutting opportunities for Medicaid, healthcare, and education. There are causes to crime that should be attacked. There is a smart way to attack crime, and there is a dumb way to attack crime. The dumb way is to return to the era where we failed because we locked up so many people at $30,000 a year that the only people who are happy about his ap-proach are the private prison industry who make money out of people’s mis-ery and crime. 
f 
MEMORIAL DAY (Mr. YOHO asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this time to honor our coun-try’s fallen servicemen and -women. This weekend, we will observe Memo-rial Day, a day dedicated to those who have fought and died selflessly to pro-tect our country. Since 1868, Americans have cele-brated what was once called Decora-tion Day to honor the fallen. Every year since then, we have honored those who have fallen at Gettysburg, at San Juan Hill, in the Argonne Forest, on the shores of Normandy and Guadal-canal, at Inchon, at la Drang, in the desert at Objective Norfolk, on the streets of Fallujah, and in Zabul Prov-ince. This important day is not only meant to commemorate those who lost their lives fighting for our country but also to highlight why they were called upon to serve our country in battle. They fought to preserve the great privilege of freedom that we must never take for granted. America’s promise of liberty would not be possible without the courage and sacrifice of our men and women in uniform. We owe these patriots a debt that can never be repaid but that must be remembered always, not just on Me-morial Day. This day of remembrance is a solemn occasion, and, therefore, let us not only say prayers for the fallen, let’s also celebrate their lives and give heartfelt thanks to God and their fami-lies for their sacrifices in protecting our Nation, the world’s bastion of lib-erty and freedom. f 
CHILD RESCUE COALITION (Mr. DEUTCH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, this morning, I supported the Protecting Against Child Exploitation Act to help stop the unspeakable cruelty of child pornography. The trade of child pornography on the internet is not just information streaming across wires, it is abuse; and those who trade in child pornography are compounding the physical abuse of innocent victims who are depicted in these horrible images. They are real children next door and across the coun-try. An astounding 28 percent of Amer-ican youth will be sexually victimized at some point in their lives. Thank-fully, the Child Rescue Coalition in Boca Raton, Florida, is already fight-ing back. They are using real-time data to help law enforcement track sexual predators from the darkest corners of the internet to their front door. Child Rescue Coalition has used their cutting edge technology as a critical partner with law enforcement and child advocates to help rescue over 2,000 lonely, afraid, and hurt children across the world. I thank my constituent, Carly Yoost, for the heroic work of the Child Rescue Coalition—shielding, rescuing, and safeguarding children from sexual ex-ploitation. 
f 
THE FIGHT TO STOP HUMAN TRAFFICKING (Mr. BURGESS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to continue support for this week’s focus on combating human traf-ficking. Some of the people most vulnerable to trafficking are unaccompanied alien children who cross our southern bor-der. These children are oftentimes re-leased to sponsors or relatives, and sometimes they simply disappear. Once released, unaccompanied alien children receive one follow-up phone call, and many are never contacted, leaving them potentially vulnerable to traf-ficking. No child should fall into the hands of traffickers because of our lack of sur-veillance. When I was in practice as a physician, if I ever suspected that a child had been abused, I was required by law to notify authorities. We should require no less of our Federal agencies. Today, I am asking the Office of Ref-ugee Resettlement to redouble their ef-forts to make certain these children never end up in the care of the wrong people. I also want to take this opportunity to thank our Denton County sheriff, Tracy Murphree. Just last weekend, they conducted a significant human trafficking operation that led to 11 ar-rests. I am grateful for them and for all law enforcement officials for taking the steps to end this abuse. f 
NOW IS THE TIME FOR AN IMPEACHMENT INQUIRY (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I am delighted to go home and join my community in honoring the fallen as we come together and say thank you. But as I go home, as well, I will be vis-iting with so many constituents who will be asking the question: Why? This week in the Budget Committee, a very callous statement by the OMB Director about diabetes victims or in-dividuals who have that disease who are sitting on their couch and eating nonnutritious food, because the budget that the President has offered wants to take 23 million people off of healthcare, take $880 billion away from seniors who are in nursing homes who need Medicaid, and shutting down the Meals on Wheels. That is inhumane and cruel. At the same time, they will be asking me about the ridiculous, if you will, ac-tions of the President firing the FBI Director because he was involved in the Russian investigation, asking the Na-tional Security Agency Director to block or to avoid talking about Rus-sian collusion, and the National Intel-ligence Director asking him to cover up such things. I believe now it is time for an im-peachment inquiry that goes along with the other investigations, along with the U.S. commission, along with the legislation on the special pros-ecutor because a special counsel can be fired. Our constituents are asking for the truth, and we need to give the truth. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.043 H25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4594 May 25, 2017 
MENTAL HEALTH SERVICES FOR VETERANS (Mr. SUOZZI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. SUOZZI. Mr. Speaker, I rise to introduce the Mental Health Services for All Veterans Act. Last week, on May 18, just before noon, a man in his car did a U-turn in Times Square, New York, and mowed down 23 people, killing a young woman. This man is obviously mentally ill. This man is also a Navy veteran. He is not alone. Every day in Amer-ica, roughly 22 veterans commit sui-cide. In fact, according to a study by the GAO, 60 percent of troops that have been discharged for misconduct in re-cent years suffered from a mental ill-ness. It is simply too difficult for many veterans in this country to receive mental health counseling, and we need to make mental health counseling available for every single veteran in this country, regardless of whether they were in the National Guard, in the Reserves, or in Active Duty. It is obvious when someone loses a limb or is injured tragically in war to identify that their injury is service re-lated. But for veterans who go home at night and are alone by themselves suf-fering with a mental illness, too many are suffering alone, and it is not easy to identify these problems—especially when they are in crisis—to show up at a counseling center or to show up at a VA and demonstrate that their injury, their mental illness, is service related. We need to change this in this coun-try. We need to make mental health services available for every single vet-eran in this country, regardless of their status and regardless of their income, in every single circumstance. 
f 
VA SCHEDULING (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to applaud the passage of the Veterans Administration Scheduling Accountability Act. All too often, I hear from veterans across the 22nd District of New York who have waited months, and some years, to have their claims addressed. In their service to our great Nation, our veterans sacrifice so much. They should never die waiting for care they deserve and need. That is why the House took important steps to reform the scheduling and appeals process while expanding access to the impor-tant resources that our veterans de-pend on. This bill will hold every VA accountable. We seek to correct a wrong that has hurt so many of our veterans. On behalf of the veterans in the 22nd District, I thank my colleague, Rep-resentative JACKIE WALORSKI , and my colleagues in the House, for putting our Nation’s heroes first and unani-mously passing this important piece of legislation right before Memorial Day. 
f 
NATIONAL ASTHMA AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. ENGEL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, May is Asthma Awareness Month. As co-chair of the House Asthma and Allergy Cau-cus, I would like to talk about what we can do for our constituents living with asthma. About 24 million Americans have asthma, and more than one-quarter are children. Asthma costs our health sys-tem more than $56 billion every year, along with billions lost in lost produc-tivity. In New York, where more than one and a half million live with asthma, we are all too familiar with these stag-gering costs which come on top of a heartbreaking human toll: about 3,600 Americans die every year because of asthma. I have asked appropriators to fund the CDC’s National Asthma Control Program which helps States monitor and treat asthma at $29 million. This program has brought down asthma-re-lated costs by billions and literally saves lives. Since the program’s inception, deaths from asthma episodes have fall-en nearly one-quarter. So this works. It is money well spent, and we can’t af-ford not to have it. In honor of Asthma Awareness Month, I implore my colleagues to sup-port this program and bring Americans living with asthma much-needed relief. 
f 
UNIVERSITY OF MASSACHUSETTS AMHERST 45TH ANNIVERSARY OF UNIVERSITY WITHOUT WALLS (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 45th anniversary of the University of Massachusetts Am-herst University Without Walls, one of the oldest and most highly regarded adult bachelor’s degree completion pro-grams in the Nation. Founded in 1971, UWW provides non-traditional students with access to the resources of our best universities. It has developed into a national leader in adult education, having graduated nearly 4,300 students, including basket-ball legend, Julius Erving. One of the first programs in the Na-tion to offer an innovative blend of on-line and classroom learning, UWW pro-vides an excellent education to stu-dents, including many veterans who are unable to complete a traditional college degree due to financial con-straints, family obligations, or per-sonal hardship. The key to success is the incredible team of UMass Amherst faculty and staff who have dedicated their lives to teaching and supporting adult students as they balance family, community, and academic responsibilities. I wish to personally thank all of the faculty, staff, and UWW students for their dedication to excellence. f 
PRESIDENT TRUMP’S BUDGET (Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend her remarks.) Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my op-position to President Trump’s proposed budget. This budget proposal confirms our worst fears about the priorities of his administration. The budget is cruel, it is short-sighted, and would be a disaster for ef-forts to strengthen the middle class in my district and across this country. It will hurt hardworking families and communities throughout New Hamp-shire. It guts public education, after-school programs, and student loan sup-port. It jeopardizes clean air, clean water, and our response to the opioid epidemic that is reaching crisis propor-tions. It eliminates critical programs for the most vulnerable, like the Low In-come Home Energy Assistance Pro-gram which keeps low-income seniors and families warm in the cold winter months and SNAP which helps families feed their children, and decimates suc-cessful economic development pro-grams like the Northern Border Re-gional Commission and community de-velopment block grants. The last thing we should be doing is eliminating effective programs that create jobs and boost our economic competitiveness. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose these misguided cuts. 
f 
b1215 SEXUAL ASSAULT IN CALIFORNIA (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Nolan Bruder’s younger sister believed that she could trust her big brother. So when this 19-year-old brother offered her marijuana ‘‘dabs’’ and the oppor-tunity to get high, she accepted, trust-ing him. But with Nolan’s pushing, she became so stoned that she no longer recognized the man in front of her, that it was her older brother. Taking advantage of her drugged state, he sexually assaulted his own 16- year-old sister. This is repugnant, Mr. Speaker. On May 17, Nolan was sentenced for rape of an intoxicated person. The sen-tence? A mere 240 days in prison and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.045 H25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4595 May 25, 2017 
then probation. Why? Because the judge decided that prison would se-verely impact Bruder. Well, Mr. Speaker, isn’t that the point? Even evidence showed the defendant had no remorse and was smug at the trial. I was a prosecutor and a judge in Texas for over 30 years. I met a lot of rape victims and learned that their lives were forever devastated by rap-ists. Mr. Speaker, sexual assault is never the fault of the victim, contrary to what Judge Follett thinks. Judge Follett got it wrong, Mr. Speaker. He got it wrong in this case. It is time for him to pack his toothbrush and leave the bench. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
INTRODUCING THE UNITED STATES-ISRAEL AGRICULTURE STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIP ACT (Mr. SOTO asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce the United States-Israel Agriculture Strategic Partnership Act, H.R. 2659, a bipartisan bill that perma-nently authorizes the U.S.-Israel Bina-tional Agricultural Research and De-velopment program, otherwise known as BARD, which is celebrating its 40th anniversary. I thank my co-introducer, Congress-man Y
OHO, as well as you, Mr. Speaker, for being a cosponsor, and many others in the Florida delegation. I could wax ecstatic and poetic about BARD, but let me just say this: the program works. It inspires healthy competition of good ideas. It is bene-ficial to both countries and provides a fantastic return on investment; over $440 million worth of benefits for the United States and $300 million of bene-fits for Israel. BARD is focused on urgent goals like increasing agricultural productivity, particularly in hot and dry climates. BARD is training the next generation of innovators through ag science work-shops and postdoctoral fellowships. It funds programs in over 25 States, in-cluding our great State of Florida. It strengthens our relationship with our best ally in the Middle East: Israel. This is a forward-looking, common-sense, bipartisan bill supported by ex-perts and advocates on both sides of the aisle. 
f 
MEMORIAL DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Flor-ida (Mr. M
AST) is recognized for 60 min-utes as the designee of the majority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the sub-ject of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I rise on the heels of Memorial Day to discuss what we must learn from those we specifi-cally remember on this and every Me-morial Day going forward. All among us, every single person in this Chamber, every single person that visits here, we all have those days of the year where the history that is bur-ied down deep inside of us is stirred up for whatever reason that may be. For some of us maybe it is that we lost a loved one right around Christmas and now we can’t get through the holidays without remembering that person each year and the ways in which that person touched our life. Maybe for others it was right around your birthday when you lost a loved one or somebody passed, and on each year on the celebration of your own life, you find yourself remembering the loss of that life, the loss of that friend. Maybe for you that history is buried down inside and gets stirred up because of a certain smell in the air that brings you back to a time and place in your life. It can be hearing a special song that had meaning and somehow con-nected that person to you. For others, maybe it is driving past a certain restaurant or an intersection or a park that really weighs heavily on your heart. I find those feelings each and every day as I look down at my wrist and I read these bracelets with the names of friends who left this world in the most honorable way that any person can: in defense of our Nation. Men like Army Ranger Medic Jona-than Peney. On his fourth tour in Af-ghanistan, he died on June 1, 2010, from wounds that he sustained while giving medical aid to another wounded Rang-er. He was only 22 years old. When I speak to his mother, I know just how much she misses him. Or Army Sergeant Justin Allen. He was killed on July 18, 2010. I can re-member the last thing that I said to him. I remember the mission vividly that we were on, and I remember the Rangers who spoke about him the next day on the flight line as we sent him home. I remember Bradley Rappuhn and Andrew Nicol and the compound that we were assaulting when they passed. You know, for me and many others across this Nation, the day that stands out above all for us is a day that is just a few days from now. It is Memorial Day, the day that America has specifi-cally set aside to remember the men and women that relinquished their life while serving in the United States Armed Forces. And it rests as the day that is most heavy on our hearts. This day is so heavy on my heart that, to my shame, one year I asked my wife, Brianna, that she and our children, Magnum and Maverick, not accompany me to the cemetery that I was going to be speaking at that Me-morial Day. I asked that she stay at home with our two little boys. I made that request because I didn’t want my little boys to have to see me in pain. And at that point in life, I just wasn’t strong enough. I wasn’t strong enough to tell them why their daddy had tears or was crying on that day. And today I try to be more coura-geous, and I try to tell my boys why I have tears on that and every Memorial Day. And whenever I hear the slow sol-emn hum of taps, whether it is on Me-morial Day or Veterans Day or in the presence of some newly fallen comrade or playing on a TV in the background, I have to pause and wipe my eyes and regain my composure. Or when I hear that cold crack of a 21-gun salute, I do find myself too numb to the sound of gunfire to be startled by it, but it still reverberates to my core as though I was struck by the shots myself. That is the pain that I feel. You know, those little boys of mine, they need to know that there were brave men and brave women who showed strength and courage and patri-otism with every fiber of their being on their behalf so that they may live free. That they may live free. Think about that. They served never thinking about personal gain or per-sonal sacrifice, but thinking about their personal contribution to our Na-tion. And as we find ourselves on the heels of Memorial Day, I believe every Member of this House, every Member of Congress, must reflect on every tear shed across this Nation, every empty seat at every dinner table, every name etched onto a piece of stone that is for a son or daughter of America who gave everything for the freedom and the life of others. We in this Chamber must think daily about all the men and women who have fought and died for this cause, this Na-tion that they loved more than their own breath. I think about those that I knew per-sonally, those that I have heard about. I think about those who came long be-fore me. And I ask myself every single day: Would they be proud of the work that we do in this Chamber, how we represent our Nation and the values that they fought for that they gave their life for? Would they want us as a member of their team? I used to tell folks that, to date, in our theaters of war, I have lost 67 close friends. That used to be true. But the reality is I no longer know how many friends I have lost. I have stopped counting. What I know is that we must live the way that they lived every day: without excuse, without regret. Full throttle, as one of my friends used to say. For some of them, their blood has stained my own uniform. Some of them I lost simply being on the same mis-sion. And some were on other missions 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.047 H25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4596 May 25, 2017 
in other places around the world. And each year on Memorial Day and many other days, I think most often of one of my friends specifically, Ranger Ser-geant First Class Lance Vogeler, who, after four tours in Iraq and eight tours in Afghanistan, made the ultimate sac-rifice on October 1, 2010, while in battle just a few short days after my own in-jury. I know that he is deeply missed by me and all of his friends, and certainly by his wife and his two children that he left behind. You know, I can remember him telling me about them one night as we were in Afghanistan and he and I sat against a fence in the dark of night waiting for a helicopter to come and pick us up. I can remember him telling me about his family. I wasn’t there when he passed, but I am told that his last words were of his wife and of his children. I think often if he would be proud of the way that this place conducts itself. He is the definition of a hero. He is ex-actly what Memorial Day honors. And knowing him, I know that none of us here can measure up, but I want to know that we honor him and every other hero who is remembered offi-cially in just a few days with our ac-tions in here each and every day. We owe it to men like him to fight to make America the strongest version of itself that it could ever be. I want us to honor each of those close friends that I have lost in our theaters of war and every other who has traded their life for our freedom, for our America, with their own actions on each day. As we approach Memorial Day, I al-ways remember well a lot of things about those friends. I remember their smiles. And I remember the jokes that we would play on each other. I can re-member hiding somebody’s gear or add-ing a big rock into their pack without them knowing, just to weigh it down, make them sweat a little bit more. And I can remember where they were from. I can remember the time that we spent training together, shooting together, jumping out of aircraft together, rop-ing from helicopters together, blowing things up together. I can remember their hobbies, and I can remember their plans for what they wanted to do whenever they returned home. I can re-member the pictures that they them-selves would carry in their breast pock-et of the ones that they loved most, just like the one that I would carry of my wife, Brianna, and our one son that I had at that time. I can remember their lifesaving actions on the battle-field. I can remember their acts of valor, and I can remember the way that we each confidently put our lives in each other’s hands. b1230 I remember some who are no longer with us today who placed themselves in the line of fire to carry me from the battlefield that I not become a cas-ualty of war. I can remember their loy-alty and their determination and their grit, and, for some of them, I can re-member their last breaths. I can re-member saluting their casket with the most beautiful flag that I have ever seen draped gracefully across it, and I can remember seeing that flag folded and handed to those whose pictures they had been carrying. I can remem-ber seeing the way that those family members would cling to that flag. As I remember these moments, I want to see, more than anything, that the way we, here in the House of Rep-resentatives, conduct ourselves honors the way those who gave the last beat of their heart conducted themselves on our behalf. If statues of those men and women surrounded our floor here, would they look onto each of us each day and would they swell with pride over our service, or would their hearts sink? Would they turn away and be ashamed? Would they look on and be proud? The goal of American heroes has al-ways been country first, themselves second. They knew, those who gave on behalf of this place, that the establish-ment of this country, the maintenance of America, its safety, the protection of each and every citizen is not a prod-uct of chance. It is not a product of luck. It is not a product of indifference. So they stood between every American and evil with purpose and resolve re-gardless of what it was going to cost them. They knew the job was never easy, it was never safe, it was always dan-gerous, and it was almost always dead-ly. While they may have disagreed on how to conduct a mission, I know they never wished for the failure of their comrade or, for that matter, the failure of any American ever. They certainly never wished for the failure of the lead-ers of our Nation. My office is in the Rayburn House Of-fice Building, and in one of our en-trances is the name of each who has fallen in the war on terror listed year by year. All of those friends of mine are listed there. When I see them, I stop, and I think about them every sin-gle time. I wish that the name of every single American who has fallen well in defense of our Nation adorned each and every wall of this Chamber in here, as it does in my office building, that we would look on each time we speak on this floor and question ourselves as to whether our motives are as pure as their motives were. Every American child, every adult, every man and woman has the limitless opportunities to enjoy their life, to be-come whatever it is in the world they want to be, to achieve whatever they have the courage to attempt and the determination and the fortitude to spend themselves in fully to accom-plish. That limitless opportunity each citizen has and each of us in here in the House is afforded has been paid for with the blood and the spirit of men and women who traded their own life to fulfill an oath to our great Nation. Their oath was the same that we as Members of Congress vow to fulfill: to support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; to bear true faith and allegiance to the same; to take that obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of eva-sion, so help us God. And though we take that same oath, I know we do not always show the same commitment. Those heroes never thought about what was easy or pop-ular to masses or what they would get out of their actions. It was not reelec-tion on the line for them. It was their life on the line, and they gave it freely. As I think about Memorial Day, I wish we could, daily, see every heroic name across our walls here and recall the harrowing stories of the Second World War and the over 400,000 U.S. Army, Air Force, Navy, Marine, Coast-guardsman, and each and every Mer-chant Marine who fought and died in Europe and in the Pacific and in Africa for the freedom of the entire world from being ruled by an evil and intoler-ant empire. They died in places named Ardennes Forest and Midway and Gua-dalcanal. I wish we thought about each vote we took and looked at the names of our over 36,000 servicemembers who would never return home from the frozen mud of Korea and think is that what they fought for at the Chosin Reservoir. I wish we could recount the names and the stories of the over 58,000 service-members who died in combat or while captured or who went through torture and starvation before giving their life or while missing as a part of the Viet-nam war in places like Khe Sanh and Saigon. I wish we saw the names of the serv-icemembers who put their country first and themselves second while serving in the Dominican Republic or Iran or El Salvador or Beirut or Grenada or Pan-ama or the Persian Gulf as we thought about what we will say when we are given the chance to speak on this floor and if our words would be worth even one second of their life. I wish we could think about the Delta operators or the Army Rangers or the Black Hawk pilots who gave it all in the dusty sands of Somalia, Medal of Honor recipients like Master Sergeant Gary Gordon and Sergeant First Class Randall Shughart, who vol-unteered to go into a situation that they knew would claim their life in order to save their fellow fighters. They were devoted to their duty, and their duty was to their brothers and to their country. Or those who fought and died in Bos-nia and Kosovo and on the USS Cole, and all those who fought in places that we may never know because of threats to us that we never even knew existed, we need to ask if they would give the last beat of their heart for the way in which we legislate our country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.048 H25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4597 May 25, 2017 
Most personally for me, I would think deeply on the thousands of sol-diers, sailors, marines, airmen, coast-guardsmen who defended this country with the last beat of their heart in a place like Iraq or Afghanistan or Syria, would they be proud. These were the men and women who I served along-side, men and women who served self-lessly and repeatedly year after year, knowing full well the hazards of their profession. I couldn’t be more proud than to have the few moments that I did with the best and the most honorable that our Nation has ever produced, who sac-rificed their whole self because it was best for the men and women to their left and to their right in battle, be-cause it was best for the freedom and the liberty and the security of every person. I don’t know how to ever make the pain of their loss go away. I do know how to honor them. We do it with the way that we live each day going forward that they do not have the op-portunity to live. They would want every American to cherish the gift of freedom that they have been given by God, which was de-fended by those angels whose names are now etched in row after row of plain white markers in Arlington Na-tional Cemetery. They would want us all to live exactly as they lived: with no regrets, loving this country more than we loved ourselves, fighting as hard as they fought, never quitting, never giving up. We owe it to them to do so, to not ask ourselves what we can take for ourselves, but to ask what we, ourselves, can give. I want my kids to grow up honoring these men and these women who have sacrificed. I want my young boys to know that they get to give me a hug or a smile, but there are men and women who are willing to risk never having one more of those from their own fami-lies, and I want them to live the way that those heroes lived. I want my chil-dren to know it is honorable to have the courage to mourn them, and I want them to have the resolve to not squan-der the opportunities which have been paid for with the selfless blood of every American warrior. I get grief in my heart when I think of all those who have gone in defense of our flag, but I also think about each of the great warriors that they were, and I smile because there can be no more honorable way to leave this world than in a pile of brass while fighting for the greatest nation ever to be established on the face of this Earth. We here need to think of the thou-sands who gave their lives selflessly, without expectation of anything in re-turn, true selfless servants serving sim-ply to do what was best for the United States of America. Some were infan-trymen; some were mortarmen; some were engineers or tankers or something else. They were men and women who, through the ages, created the reputa-tion and the legacy and the tradition that made me say: ‘‘That is what I want to be. That is how I want to serve. That is how I want to help.’’ Here, we must learn from those who we think about most on Memorial Day. We need to look at them and their names and their lives and their stories and their sacrifice and demand the same thing out of ourselves. They pushed through the cold. They pushed through the snow. They pushed with-out adequate supplies. They fought back tanks. They always pushed for-ward in the face of bombarding artil-lery. They pushed so hard that their weapon would overheat. They pushed through trench foot. They did it with fixed bayonets, which they used to de-fend their own foxholes and then used them to carve our enemy out of their foxholes. They stayed in the fight when they were wounded, even though it would certainly mean a bitter end that was very far from home. They did not stop because they were tired. They did not stop because they were exhausted or freezing or hungry. They did it even though they had to sleep on the ground or sleep in the field or sometimes never sleep at all. They only stopped when the job was done. They only stopped when the mission was accomplished. This is the grit with which Americans have always defended America. We have taken that same oath in this House, and American heroes, they set the precedent for every generation about how to do that job. To do it for them was not just a job or a paycheck, it was a calling. It was a calling that few have the stomach to undertake and that, certainly, even fewer still are ca-pable of ever doing. It requires uncom-mon characteristics such as courage and valor and selflessness. Today those words are thrown around very lightly by many, but those we re-member on Memorial Day have actu-ally lived and breathed the definition of these characteristics. They did it by flying aircraft or driv-ing armored vehicles. They did it by setting sail with the most powerful fleet ever seen on our seas. They did it by yoking their bodies with a rifle or a pistol, by carrying hundreds of rounds of ammunition and hundreds of pounds of gear, wearing a helmet and explo-sives, carrying everything that they re-quired to save the life of another serv-icemember as well as everything that they needed to survive for days or months on end. They did it while being targeted by snipers, while having bombs or mortars or grenades hurled at them, while hav-ing an RPG fired at them. They did it while walking in fields of mines and improvised explosive devices. They did it by carrying that load for miles and days across mountains, across rolling hills, and through fields and forests and rivers. They did it while carrying letters for their friends, which they promised to deliver to their family should anything ever happen to them. They did it while missing births and birthdays and ball games and bath times and holidays and every other good time that they missed with their families. They did it in the face of mortal combat. They did it while holding both the lives of their friends and the lives of our enemies in their hands. We honor those we remember who are not with us today by taking no charge more seriously than honoring their sacrifice with the lives that we now live. What those heroes have done in defense of our Nation can never be taken away from them. We must re-member that so, too, what we do here in defense cannot be taken away by the years that pass if we endeavor to be warriors, willing to defend America at any and all costs. Those we remember are a testament to the importance of the values and ideals sewn into the fabric of our Na-tion, the absolutes. And all I can say is: Thank God for men and women like that, for creating such patriots for us to revere as the standard by which all other Americans should serve America. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
b1245 ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. G
ALLAGHER ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. G
AETZ ), my friend. Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, as a Floridian, I have to take a moment to share my gratitude to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
AST) for the remarks he just shared. During my occupancy of the rostrum, my own eyes welled with tears as I thought of the empty chairs at the table in my own district and all throughout the country as people, as families have made sacrifice and sent those to fight for us. I can only be reminded, hearing the gentleman from Florida’s remarks, that each and every day in this House we do fall short of that great patriot-ism that is reflected by our servicemen and -women: We could do better; we could be more worthy of the sacrifice; we could resist the influences of special interests more; we could make the tough decisions that are necessary; we could put America on a better footing forward. It is my belief and my sincere hope, by hearing the words of my colleague, by raising our gaze to an even broader and more accepting patriotism, that we can do it. And I believe Mr. M
ASTwill be one of the people that lead us in that regard. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Florida for those re-marks. Mr. G
AETZ represents the First District of Florida, a brother in arms, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.050 H25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4598 May 25, 2017 
since I represent the First District of Texas. We are very grateful for B
RIAN MAST and what he has given for his country, what he has been willing to give for his country; and it is an honor to serve with him in the trenches—sometimes literal trenches around here—a great, honorable patriot for America. On Monday, that is what we will cele-brate, Memorial Day, and I want to talk further about that. Right now I want to touch on an issue that has occupied a lot of people’s concern and time this week over CBO scoring, rather important, but it should not be. The Congressional Budget Office and the Joint Tax Commission do the scor-ing. Historically, the projections by CBO seem all too often to be far too out of line that any governmental enti-ty would base important critical deci-sions over people’s lives, their healthcare—it will certainly affect their lives—and base it on a group that, as they have explained: We set up models. And we feed the garbage—they don’t use that term. But, as far as I am concerned, they feed garbage in and they get garbage out. And projections: Oh, we have to wait and see what CBO says. People waiting with bated breath: Oh, is it going to be in line? For heaven’s sake, anybody that waits on a score for the JTC or the CBO in dealing with the tax reform that we should do doesn’t have much sense. And there is nothing wrong with not having much sense. It just hurts the country when people without much sense are here in Washington making decisions about people’s lives and en-croaching on their liberty and freedom. So we have people like B
RIAN MAST, and we have those who have given all, the last measure of devotion, for our liberty. Then we turn around and have a Federal Government that passes laws about healthcare reform and decides that they have to have all of the med-ical records here in the Federal Gov-ernment. And do you know what? We need to have a Consumer Finance Protection Bureau to protect people from unscru-pulous bankers, so we are going to get everybody’s banking records. Well, as a former judge and as a former prosecutor, if you wanted some-body’s banking records, you had to have sworn proof rising to the level of probable cause that a crime was com-mitted and this person committed it, and then you got the records when a judge signed off on it. Not now. Not with the Consumer Financial Protec-tion Bureau. They just get everybody’s records. And then, without reining in ObamaCare and if we did not rein in the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau, Washington continues to gather people’s medical records through sweetheart deals with private entities, a hypothetical I raised many years ago as ObamaCare was being pushed through, came ever closer—really, is here—to the point that we could reach a day—it is not quite here. We have still got a chance to save America from the Orwellian nature of ObamaCare and the CFPB combined. But years ago I said, you know, if we don’t stop this craziness, we are going to reach a point where you could get a letter from the Federal Government, saying: Hey, we have got your medical records, but we notice that you made a purchase at the grocery store this last week and bought some bacon, a pound of bacon. We know, from having your medical records, that your cholesterol, weight is not at a very healthy point right now, so you are either going to have to quit eating bacon or we are going to be penalizing you substan-tially, since we are in charge of your healthcare, your health insurance. We are in charge of it. That is where we have been heading. And it is something the Founders, who would not have seen the advent of the computers and the IT age, but what they did foresee, whatever develop-ments in technology that came along, they foresaw this ongoing battle to keep government from controlling peo-ple’s lives and eliminating their lib-erty. That is what they saw coming. They didn’t have to see the technology. They knew what was coming if we didn’t keep the Federal Government reined in. I know there are groups out there that are gathering information that say: Well, this Member of Congress, this Senator, he doesn’t get many bills passed. Well, if you look at most of the things we have passed, other than fund-ing bills, so often they are creating more government agencies and more government power. Each time we do, no matter how noble the purpose is, we are taking just a little bit of freedom and a little bit of liberty away from in-dividuals and giving more power to the government. Why I think it is appropriate to bring this up as we approach Memorial Day is people have not fought throughout our history—going back to 1775, 1776, on to 1783 and the winning of the Amer-ican Revolution, on through each of the wars that has been fought in the name of liberty—they didn’t fight so that we could come to the floor and pass more and more bills and create more and more government. Even when we are told, ‘‘Oh, but CBO says this will only cost $5 million this year, or only cost $5 million, so it is not that big a deal,’’ it is still eroding people’s liberty. It is still taking away freedom and giving more control to the govern-ment. So, as we look briefly at some of the history on CBO scoring, this is an arti-cle by Paul Teller, Special Assistant to the President for Legislative Affairs. He says: 
A new report from the Office of the Assist-ant Secretary for Planning and Evaluation calculated average monthly premiums for health insurance in the 39 States that use healthcare.gov. The research found that from 2013 to 2017 the average ObamaCare pre-mium increased by 105 percent across the country. The report also looked at the cost spikes by State. While we await further analysis of the CBO score for the American Health Care Act as passed by the House, this information is an important reminder about the negative im-pact of ObamaCare. Besides just how unaffordable ObamaCare has been for hardworking Americans, you might consider three key things about to-day’s CBO score in the context of this new report. Number one, the original CBO estimate of ObamaCare premiums, November 30, 2009, said that premiums for the ‘‘nongroup’’ ex-change markets would increase slightly and ‘‘would be about 10 percent to 13 percent higher in 2016.’’ CBO has the gall to act like they are so important and so accurate, but over and over, if you look at critical projec-tions they have made and for people to have said, and CBO, in 2009, you know, by 2016, you might have a 10 to 13 per-cent increase in your premiums is, or would be, laughable except for the cry-ing of Americans across the country who can’t afford the premiums that have gone up 2, 3, 4, or 10 times. One of our small-business employers said he paid, a couple of years ago, $53,000 for his employees’ health insur-ance, and the following year it was $150,000 for his employees. That leaves him without personal income because he had such a dramatic increase in the premiums. But how could that be? CBO said maybe a 10 to 13 percent increase over that 7-year period. It comes back to show, once again, as I told Bloomberg this morning, it ap-pears those folks, figuratively speak-ing, couldn’t find their rear end with both hands. 
Number two, even if you assume CBO’s AHCA estimate is completely accurate, the first score, March 17, 2017, showed that the bill would bring down nongroup premium costs over the next 10 years. While CBO did say that premiums would rise slightly over the transition period, attributed to the re-peal of the individual mandate, by 2020 the AHCA would change the trajectory of pre-miums and ‘‘By 2026, average premiums for single policyholders in the nongroup market under the legislation would be roughly 10 percent lower.’’ 
b1300 So you hang around and wait for 10 years under the original AHCA and you might have a 10 percent decrease 10 years from now, which is absurd. They were so desperately wrong on their pro-jections. And I don’t have it in front of me. It may be in one of these articles here, but I think originally their projection of cost of ObamaCare was about 1.1, $1.2 trillion over 10 years; and then, of course, the President got upset, be-cause he had said: Oh no, it is going to be under $1 trillion for 10 years. He calls the Director of CBO over to the Oval Office. They have a conversa-tion and, amazingly, the Director of CBO comes out and says: You know what? After meeting with the Presi-dent, while I—things came clearer for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.052 H25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4599 May 25, 2017 
me, and turns out it probably will be $800 billion or so. It will be like the President said. I just needed to speak to the President to all of a sudden have a lot more clarity than I did before I went to the Oval Office. But it is under $1 trillion, like the President said, now that I think about it with more clarity. And then, of course, after ObamaCare passed, very quickly we started learn-ing, no, it wasn’t going to be under a trillion; it was going to be over a tril-lion; maybe 1.7, 1.9. And before long, we start seeing projections more like $2.6 trillion over 10 years. And even one that I had seen that said, you know, maybe 3.6, roughly $4 trillion over 10 years. As I have said a number of times, you know, any scoring agency whose mar-gin of error is plus or minus 400 percent really shouldn’t be relied on by anyone trying to create meaningful law in Congress. That is why for a number of years I have been pushing for the elimi-nation of CBO for a better system, where, as Americans, we believe in competition—or we used to. Now, I know we have got some folks that can’t compete. They need a safe space if somebody is going to compete with them. But what made America great was American competitiveness. We could compete with anybody and prevail. So why wouldn’t we have scorers compete so that we could score the scorers, so that every critically impor-tant bill to the American public didn’t get sidetracked by some bogus models? And I am not saying they do it inten-tionally. You don’t have to do it inten-tionally to have a margin of error plus or minus 400 percent. You can be legiti-mately that bad at projecting what things will cost; and it has happened throughout the time that we have had projections. So what I was proposing—and I got my friend, who was the chairman of the Budget Committee, to agree to sit down to dinner with a dear friend of his, Dr. Arthur Laffer, former eco-nomic adviser to Reagan, now an ad-viser to President Trump, and also a friend of both of ours, Steve Moore, who had been the senior editor with The Wall Street Journal. I asked if the Budget Committee chairman would sit down with me and Arthur Laffer and Steve Moore and talk about CBO. This has been a number of years ago. We sat down at the Capitol Hill Club one evening and, of course, my friend, Dr. Tom Coburn, walks by and says: Okay. Is this one of those puzzles? Fig-ure out which piece doesn’t belong here? I get chairman of the Budget Committee, I get Wall Street Journal guy, Steve Moore, I get economic ad-viser Art Laffer. Louie, what are you doing at this table? But it was my idea. We needed to come up with a way to have competi-tive scoring by competitive scorers, and then get to where we can score the scorers, so that when we look at a score that is presented to us on a bill that is being proposed, you can look at the score of that scoring entity. And if they have a score, say, of 10 percent, being right within 5 percent, plus or minus margin of error, then we can probably take very seriously their scoring in the future. My friend—at that time he was Chairman R
YAN—was very open to dis-cussing it, but really kind of felt like we needed to keep CBO and have an of-ficial government scorer. But since then, Dr. Laffer called sometime later to let me know that he had received a private grant, and that he, his firm, and his son would be working on a model that could work for Congress, the House and Senate, to begin having competitive scoring and scoring the scorers so we could have something more reliable, so that we didn’t have a bunch of bureaucratic melees from models created that kept us from doing what was good for Amer-ica. So, as I think has been pointed out before, whether you ask CBO, ‘‘How much Federal revenue would we have come in if we had 100 percent income tax or 200 percent income tax,’’ or if you said, ‘‘Tell us how much Federal revenue comes in if we create a 200 per-cent income tax,’’ since they are not allowed to consider reality and history, but only the models they create me-chanically, it’s probably a good chance that they would probably dutifully come in and say: You know what? If you set up a 200 percent income tax in the United States of America, then next year you will bring in twice as much money to the Federal Treasury as all Americans make in that year. Because they are divorced from re-ality, it doesn’t work into their models they create. In talking to my friend, I hope he doesn’t mind my sharing it. I hope he will invite me to have spaghetti with his family at his home in Nashville again sometime. I love visiting with him there, being with his great family. But he was very encouraging. I was a little depressed. He said: You are a big- idea guy. Don’t get discouraged when you propose big ideas like the CBO, getting rid of them, having competi-tive scoring, or having a— See, we get beat up every time we say: You know what? Like D
ANWEB-
STER had found, we have 82 Federal programs charged with getting people to and from appointments, and we don’t need 82 Federal agencies. Most of them have white, 20-seat vans, carry three people when they ever carry any-body. But if we try to eliminate one of the 82, well, you Republicans hate seniors or children or puppies or whatever it is. You are evil. So we keep 82 Federal programs to get people to and from agencies; whereas, if we could create— maybe it is a standing committee and we pull people from different commit-tees—a public assistance committee where we have all 82 of those in every area of public assistance, we see all the duplication because it is all in the same committee, then we can start getting some kind of reasonable Fed-eral Government back under control. Another idea that we just need to move on. But I have been joined by my friend, and I would be glad to yield to the gen-tleman from Nebraska (Mr. BACON ). 
AFRICAN -AMERICAN HISTORY COMMISSION  
Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague from Texas for yielding to me. I just want to take a few moments to thank the House for the work they did recently on H.R. 1242, and I want to urge the Senate to take action on this bill as well. So I rise today in support of H.R. 1242, entitled 400 Years of African- American History Commission Act. I am a cosponsor of this legislation. I worked with my colleagues to pass this act in the House, and I look forward to the Senate also passing this bill. I believe it is important for all citi-zens of the United States to recognize the unique history, sacrifices, and re-markable contributions that African Americans have made to build our great Nation. I am invigorated by this legislative intention to identify and educate the public on the arrival of Africans and their role in building this great coun-try. It is equally important to under-stand the generational impact that slavery and laws that enforced racial discrimination have had on our United States. While there have been many success-ful and inspirational African Ameri-cans with enumerable contributions, we must address ongoing disparities in employment and education by focusing on achieving six milestones for success. These milestones include: entering school ready to learn; reading at grade level by third grade; graduating from high school ready for college or career; completing postsecondary education or training; successfully entering the workforce; reducing violence and pro-viding a second chance for returning citizens. I applaud the many organizations ac-tively working to address these oppor-tunity gaps faced by African Ameri-cans. In my community of the Second Congressional District of Nebraska, I appreciate the efforts of Willie Ham-ilton, president and founder of Black Men United. He is a true grassroots leader. In addition, I want to highlight some other organizations and work that is ongoing in the district I serve to imple-ment a coherent cradle-to-college-and- career strategy for improving the life outcomes of all young people. These or-ganizations include: the Urban League of Nebraska; the START Center, that is run by my friend, Julian Young; the Omaha Empowerment Network, coordi-nated by Willie Barney; the Eastern Nebraska Community Action Partner-ship; the 100 Black Men of Omaha; the Malcolm X Foundation; the Operation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.054 H25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4600 May 25, 2017 
Youth Success; members of the Mid-lands Mentoring Partnership; the ef-forts of the City of Omaha through the Black Male Achievement Program, pre-viously coordinated by Cameron Gales, another friend of mine. Like all complicated issues facing Americans, we need this type of strong community support, along with smart bipartisan legislation to address these problems. As the African-American History Commission develops programs, I hope they will consider inspiring commu-nities to continue building partner-ships between local organizations, gov-ernment, businesses, and foundations. This will connect young African-Amer-ican men and women with support net-works, mentoring programs, and the skills and training they need to suc-ceed in the classroom and in the work-force. While we learn from and celebrate the past, we must also look to a much brighter future for all Americans. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate those important observations. I would like to point out something that is not getting enough attention, as the media seems to be driven over issues like charge of misdemeanor assault on a reporter, or a Russian connection, these kind of things. This story by Luke Rosiak, May 22, ‘‘Democratic Aide Suspected of Major Security Breach Under Government Protection in Pakistan.’’ There are some really critical issues here. These Pakistani individuals—we don’t know if they have fled now from the U.S., some gone back to Pakistan, but they have been working for our Democratic colleagues in the House—some of them—like my friend D
EBBIE  W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , been working for her since 2005; may have worked for the DNC. Now, there are allegations of steal-ing, perhaps a couple of hundred thou-sand dollars or more of computer equipment from people here at the Hill; accessing the government information they should not have been allowed to access. They were banned from access-ing the House system. One of them, particularly the one that has been working for Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , apparently, according to the story, had stolen or taken a laptop of hers, hidden it, and a Capitol policeman found it. It is kind of important to us, even though the DNC never let the FBI, CIA, NSA, or any Federal agents examine the DNC computer system before they said: Oh, yeah, it is definitely the Rus-sians. Really? How can you say it is defi-nitely the Russians? You didn’t even examine it. But that is the way things have been going lately. But this is regarding Con-gressional computer systems, and we need to get to the bottom of how badly our system has been compromised. In addition to the thefts and, you know, making over $4 million since 2010, having people they owed money to—at least one—put on the system, now we learn he may have never vis-ited the Hill, and still gotten over $200,000. Just a lot of issues need to be dried up, cleared up, but those are major issues that need to be clarified. No evidence of Russian collusion, but there is definitely evidence of Paki-stani collusion and corruption through the fine Democratic Congress Members that they worked for. We just don’t know how badly they corrupted the system. We know they got money that they surely should not have. But let’s have an investigation into that. In the meantime, we owe it to all of those who gave their last full measure of devotion for this country, we owe it to them to do a better job here in Con-gress, passing better laws of giving peo-ple more liberty and more freedom for those who died for it. b1315 There is one thing that is absolutely certain, and Jesus knew what He was talking about—John 15:13: ‘‘Greater love has no one than this: to lay down one’s life for one’s friends.’’ He knew. He did it. And for all of those, Mr. Speaker, who have laid down their lives for Americans and for those around the world for their liberty, we just say thank you. Thank God for you. May God continue to bless America by giv-ing us such patriots in the days ahead. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 375. An Act to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 719 Church Street in Nashville, Ten-nessee, as the ‘‘Fred D. Thompson Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 1 o’clock and 16 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Fri-day, May 26, 2017, at 10 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1425. A letter from the Adjutant General, Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States, transmitting the proceedings of the 117th National Convention of the Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States, held in Charlotte, North Carolina, July 24-27, 2016, pursuant to 44 U.S.C. 1332; (Public Law 90-620 (as amended by Public Law 105-225, Sec. 3); (112 Stat. 1498) (H. Doc. No. 115—44); ; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and ordered to be printed. 1426. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Isopyrazam; Pesticide Tol-erances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2016-0143; FRL-9960-76] received May 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1427. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Flazasulfuron; Pesticide Tolerances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2016-0112; FRL- 9961-54] received May 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 1428. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Fenazaquin; Pesticide Tol-erances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2016-0029; FRL-9961-99] received May 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1429. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s interim final rule — Determination to Defer Sanctions; Arizona Department of En-vironmental Quality [EPA-R09-OAR-2017- 0255; FRL-9963-07-Region 9] received May 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1430. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Determination of Attain-ment and Approval of Base Year Emissions Inventories for the Imperial County, Cali-fornia Fine Particulate Matter Nonattain-ment Area; Correction [EPA-R09-OAR-2016- 0772; FRL-9962-82-Region 9] received May 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1431. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of State Plans (Negative Declara-tions) for Designated Facilities and Pollut-ants: Connecticut, New Hampshire, Rhode Is-land, and Vermont; Revisions to State Plan for Designated Facilities and Pollutants: New Hampshire [EPA-R01-OAR-2017-0202; A- 1-FRL-9962-41-Region 1] received May 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1432. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Pennsylvania; Revisions to Allegheny County Health Department Rules [EPA-R03- OAR-2017-0064; FRL-9962-77-Region 3] re-ceived May 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1433. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Mary-land; Control of Nitrogen Oxide Emissions from Coal-Fired Electric Generating Units [EPA-R03-OAR-2016-0238; FRL-9962-73-Region 3] received May 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1434. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY7.055 H25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4601 May 25, 2017 
Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; Michigan; Redesignation of the Belding Area in Ionia County to Attainment of the 2008 Lead Standard [EPA-R05-OAR-2016-0044; FRL-9962-72-Region 5] received May 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 1435. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; South Carolina: Air Emissions Reporting [EPA-R04-OAR-2016-0217; FRL-9962-30-Region 4] received May 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1436. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; Ohio; Redesignation of the Cleveland Area to Attainment of the 2008 Lead Standard [EPA- R05-OAR-2016-0395; FRL-9963-01-Region 5] re-ceived May 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1437. A letter from the Program Analyst, Office of the Managing Director/Financial Operations, Federal Communications Com-mission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Amendment of Part 1 of the Commission’s Rules [MD Docket No.: 17-123] received May 23, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1438. A letter from the Chief, Pricing Pol-icy Division, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, trans-mitting the Commission’s final rule — Busi-ness Data Services in an Internet Protocol Environment [WC Docket No.: 16-143]; Tech-nology Transitions [GN Docket No.: 13-5]; Special Access for Price Cap Local Exchange Carriers [WC Docket No.: 05-25]; AT&T Cor-poration Petition for Rulemaking to Reform Regulation of Incumbent Local Exchange Carrier Rates for Interstate Special Access Services [RM-10593] received May 23, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 1439. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-retary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting a six-month periodic report, covering November 15, 2016 to May 15, 2017 on the national emergency with respect to the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction that was declared in Ex-ecutive Order 12938 of November 14, 1994, and has been continued by the President each year, most recently on November 8, 2016, pur-suant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 1440. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2017 Rec-reational Accountability Measures and Clo-sure for Atlantic Migratory Group Cobia [Docket No.: 101206604-1758-02] (RIN: 0648- XF106) received May 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 1441. A letter from the Acting Deputy Di-rector, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pol-lock in Statistical Area 610 in the Gulf of Alaska [Docket No.: 160920866-7167-02] (RIN: 0648-XF287) received May 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 1442. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Several Groundfish Species in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Is-lands Management Area [Docket No.: 150916863-6211-02] (RIN: 0648-XF064) received May 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 1443. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Inseason Adjustment to the 2017 Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Pollock, Atka Mackerel, and Pacific Cod Total Allowable Catch Amounts [Docket No.: 150916863-6211-02] (RIN: 0648-XF108) received May 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 1444. A letter from the Acting Deputy Di-rector, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Sable-fish Managed Under the Individual Fishing Quota Program [Docket No.: 160920866-7167-02 and 161020985-7181-02] (RIN: 0648-XF270) re-ceived May 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 1445. A letter from the Acting Deputy Di-rector, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pol-lock in Statistical Area 610 in the Gulf of Alaska [Docket No.: 150818742-6210-02] (RIN: 0648-XF206) received May 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 1446. A letter from the Acting Deputy Di-rector, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pol-lock in Statistical Area 610 in the Gulf of Alaska [Docket No.: 150818742-6210-02] (RIN: 0648-XF224) received May 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 1447. A letter from the Acting Deputy Di-rector, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Trawl Catcher Vessels in the Western Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska [Docket No.: 160920866-7167-02] (RIN: 0648- XF273) received May 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 1448. A letter from the Acting Deputy As-sistant Administrator for Regulatory Pro-grams, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Multispecies Fishery; Adjustment of Georges Bank and Southern New England/Mid-Atlan-tic Yellowtail Flounder Annual Catch Limits [Docket No.: 170207156-7225-01] (RIN: 0648- XF219) received May 23, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 1449. A letter from the Acting Deputy As-sistant Administrator for Regulatory Pro-grams, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration, transmitting the Ad-ministration’s final rule — Fisheries Off West Coast States; West Coast Salmon Fish-eries; 2017 Management Measures and a Tem-porary Rule [Docket No.: 161222999-7413-01] (RIN: 0648-BG59) received May 23, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 1450. A letter from the Acting Deputy Di-rector, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Vessels Using Pot Gear in the Central Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska [Docket No.: 150818742-6210-02] (RIN: 0648- XF244) received May 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 1451. A letter from the Acting Deputy As-sistant Administrator for Regulatory Pro-grams, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration, transmitting the Administra-tion’s final rule — Pacific Halibut Fisheries; Catch Sharing Plan [Docket No.: 161222999- 7201-01] (RIN: 0648-BG58) received May 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 1452. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Policy, International Security Affairs, Department of Defense, transmitting a progress report; jointly to the Committees on Foreign Affairs and Armed Services. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 10. A bill to create hope and opportunity for investors, consumers, and entrepreneurs by ending bailouts and Too Big to Fail, holding Washington and Wall Street accountable, eliminating red tape to increase access to capital and credit, and repealing the provisions of the Dodd- Frank Act that make America less pros-perous, less stable, and less free, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–153, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
DISHCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, Commit-tees on Agriculture, Ways and Means, the Judiciary, Oversight and Government Re-form, Transportation and Infrastructure, Rules, the Budget, and Education and the Workforce discharged from further consider-ation. H.R. 10 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L25MY7.000 H25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4602 May 25, 2017 
titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia (for himself, Mr. E
LLISON , Ms. P ELOSI , Mr. H OYER , Mr. C
LYBURN , Mr. C ROWLEY , Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-fornia, Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. M
OORE , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. C LAY, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. L
EE, Mr. K HANNA , Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. P AS-
CRELL , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. P AYNE , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illi-nois, Mr. R
ASKIN , Mrs. W ATSON COLE-
MAN, Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. C
APUANO , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. R USH, Mr. C UM-
MINGS , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. C OURTNEY , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. D
ELBENE, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. S
OTO, Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. N
ADLER , Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. T HOMP -
SON of California, Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas, Mr. K IHUEN , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. T ED L
IEUof California, Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California, Mr. S
EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. L
EVIN, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Ms. M CCOL-
LUM, Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. T
ITUS, Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. R
UIZ, Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn-sylvania, Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. B EYER , Ms. P INGREE , Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Mr. B ROWN  of Maryland, Miss R
ICEof New York, Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. B
ASS, Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. A LGREEN  of Texas, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. E
NGEL , Ms. M ENG, Mrs. D
INGELL , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. S IRES, Mr. V
ARGAS , Ms. G ABBARD , Mrs. T
ORRES , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. P
ANETTA , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Ms. E
STYof Connecticut, Ms. E DDIE B
ERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Ms. K ELLY of Illi-nois, Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. L ARSON of Con-necticut, Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. H
ECK, Ms. S EWELL  of Alabama, Mr. E
VANS , Mr. T HOMP -
SON of Mississippi, Mr. C RIST, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. W ALZ, Ms. B LUNT ROCH-
ESTER , and Mrs. M URPHY of Florida): H.R. 15. A bill to provide for increases in the Federal minimum wage, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia (for himself, Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER , Mr. T AKANO , and Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa): H.R. 2650. A bill to amend the Age Dis-crimination in Employment Act of 1967 and other laws to clarify appropriate standards for Federal employment discrimination and retaliation claims, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. By Mr. BARR (for himself and Mr. TONKO ): H.R. 2651. A bill to improve the integrity and safety of horseracing by requiring a uni-form anti-doping and medication control program to be developed and enforced by an independent Horseracing Anti-Doping and Medication Control Authority; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. COFFMAN (for himself, Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. B
ERGMAN , and Mr. B OST): H.R. 2652. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to conduct an independent review of the deaths of certain veterans by suicide, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas (for herself, Mr. F
OSTER , Mr. P
ETERS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Ms. E
STY of Con-necticut, Ms. L
OFGREN , Ms. R OSEN , Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali-fornia, Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illi-nois, Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. B
EYER , and Mr. L IPINSKI ): H.R. 2653. A bill to direct the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy to carry out programs and activities to en-sure that Federal science agencies and insti-tutions of higher education receiving Fed-eral research and development funding are fully engaging their entire talent pool, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina (for himself, Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. A MASH , Mrs. B
LACKBURN , Mr. S TEWART , and Mr. B
UCK): H.R. 2654. A bill to amend the provisions of title 40, United States Code, commonly known as the Davis-Bacon Act, to raise the threshold dollar amount of contracts subject to the prevailing wage requirements of such provisions; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. EVANS: H.R. 2655. A bill to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to expand intellectual property edu-cation and training for small businesses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business, and in addition to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY (for herself, Mr. S
EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Ms. T
SONGAS , and Mr. L YNCH ): H.R. 2656. A bill to amend the Federal Power Act to establish an Office of Public Participation and Consumer Advocacy; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. MASSIE (for himself, Ms. P
IN-
GREE , Mr. A MASH , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. J ONES , Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. S AN-
FORD , Mr. W ITTMAN , and Ms. L OF-
GREN ): H.R. 2657. A bill to amend the Federal Meat Inspection Act to exempt from inspection the slaughter of animals and the preparation of carcasses conducted at a custom slaughter facility, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. By Mr. ENGEL (for himself, Ms. ROS- L
EHTINEN , Mr. S IRES, and Mr. D IAZ- B
ALART ): H.R. 2658. A bill to provide humanitarian assistance for the Venezuelan people, to de-fend democratic governance and combat widespread public corruption in Venezuela, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SOTO (for himself, Mr. Y
OHO, Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. G AETZ , Mr. C RIST, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, and Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ ): H.R. 2659. A bill to authorized the estab-lishment of a program for cooperative re-search and development in agriculture with the Government of Israel, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Committees on Foreign Affairs, and Appropriations, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. PALMER (for himself, Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mr. B
IGGS, Mr. B RAT, Mr. B ROOKS of Ala-bama, Mr. H
UDSON , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, and Mr. D A-
VIDSON ): H.R. 2660. A bill to amend title 28, United States Code, to provide exclusive original ju-risdiction to the United States District Court for the District of Columbia of certain cases relating to the powers of the Execu-tive, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Ms. CHENEY (for herself and Mr. P
EARCE ): H.R. 2661. A bill to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to require the Secretary of the Interior to convey to a State all right, title, and interest in and to a percentage of the amount of royalties and other amounts re-quired to be paid to the State under that Act with respect to public land and deposits in the State, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mrs. NOEM (for herself, Mr. B
ISHOP  of Utah, Mr. M
ULLIN , Mrs. M CMORRIS  R
ODGERS , and Mr. C OLE): H.R. 2662. A bill to amend the Indian Health Care Improvement Act to improve the recruitment and retention of employees in the Indian Health Service, restore ac-countability in the Indian Health Service, improve health services, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Ways and Means, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. MARCHANT (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENAUER ): H.R. 2663. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to make changes to doc-umentation of eligibility for Medicare home health services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. WALBERG (for himself and Mr. S
ABLAN ): H.R. 2664. A bill to direct the Secretary of Labor to train certain Department of Labor 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L25MY7.100 H25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4603 May 25, 2017 
personnel how to effectively detect and as-sist law enforcement in preventing human trafficking during the course of their pri-mary roles and responsibilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. BACON (for himself, Mr. B
ERGMAN , and Mr. G ALLAGHER ): H.R. 2665. A bill to reduce the pay of Mem-bers of Congress in any year following a fis-cal year for which there was a Federal budg-et deficit; to the Committee on House Ad-ministration, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BIGGS (for himself, Ms. S
INEMA , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. P
ALLONE , Ms. M OORE , Mr. M
ULLIN , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. G ALLAGHER , Mr. D
UFFY , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G AETZ , Mr. S
OTO, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. I
SSA, Mr. B UCK, Mr. G ALLEGO , and Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ): H.R. 2666. A bill to amend the PROTECT Act to make Indian tribes eligible for AMBER Alert grants; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BLUMENAUER: H.R. 2667. A bill to restrict the use of funds for the long-range standoff weapon until the Secretary of Defense completes a Nuclear Posture Review that includes an assessment of the capabilities and effects of the use of the long-range standoff weapon, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. BLUMENAUER (for himself, Ms. L
EE, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. B
ONAMICI , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. P OLIS, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts): H.R. 2668. A bill to reduce the number of nuclear-armed submarines operated by the Navy, to prohibit the development of a new long-range penetrating bomber aircraft, to prohibit the procurement of new interconti-nental ballistic missiles, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. BLUMENAUER (for himself, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. S
CHRADER , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. C ON-
YERS , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Ms. S EWELL of Ala-bama, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. B EYER , Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , Mr. K IND, Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. M
CNERNEY , Mr. T AKANO , Mrs. W AT-
SON COLEMAN , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. P AL-
LONE , and Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-fornia): H.R. 2669. A bill to amend the Help Amer-ica Vote Act of 2002 to allow all eligible vot-ers to vote by mail in Federal elections, to amend the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 to provide for automatic voter reg-istration; to the Committee on House Ad-ministration, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BROWN of Maryland (for him-self, Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. C LARK  of Massachusetts, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Ms. E
SHOO , Ms. E STYof Con-necticut, Mr. EVANS , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H
IMES, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. T
EDLIEU of California, Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. M
ENG, Ms. M OORE , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. R
ASKIN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. S HEA- P
ORTER , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. T
AKANO , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. K
EATING , Mr. D ELANEY , and Mr. H
OYER ): H.R. 2670. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to protect more victims of do-mestic violence by preventing their abusers from possessing or receiving firearms, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BROWN of Maryland (for him-self, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. K EATING , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. C
UMMINGS , and Mr. C
ICILLINE ): H.R. 2671. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to make permanent the credit for increasing research activities, to increase such credit for amounts paid or in-curred for qualified research occurring in the United States, and to increase the domestic production activities deduction for the man-ufacture of property substantially all of the research and development of which occurred in the United States; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. BUSTOS (for herself, Mr. B
OST, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. F
OSTER , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. H
ULTGREN , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. L AHOOD, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. R OSKAM , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. S HIM-
KUS, Mr. R USH, Mr. L IPINSKI , and Mr. K
INZINGER ): H.R. 2672. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 520 Carter Street in Fairview, Illinois, as the ‘‘Sgt. Douglas J. Riney Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mrs. BUSTOS (for herself, Mr. B
OST, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. F
OSTER , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. H
ULTGREN , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. L AHOOD, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. R OSKAM , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. S HIM-
KUS, Mr. R USH, Mr. L IPINSKI , and Mr. K
INZINGER ): H.R. 2673. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 514 Broadway Street in Pekin, Illinois, as the ‘‘Lance Corporal Jordan S. Bastean Post Of-fice’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. CARSON of Indiana: H.R. 2674. A bill to establish a grant pro-gram in the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection to fund the establishment of cen-ters of excellence to support research, devel-opment and planning, implementation, and evaluation of effective programs in financial literacy education for young people and fam-ilies ages 8 through 24 years old, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. POSEY , Mr. C OOPER , and Ms. K APTUR ): H.R. 2675. A bill to require adequate infor-mation regarding the tax treatment of pay-ments under settlement agreements entered into by Federal agencies, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. CASTRO of Texas: H.R. 2676. A bill to require States to report to the Attorney General certain information regarding use of force incidents involving law enforcement officers and civilians, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. JUDY CHU of California (for herself and Mrs. N
APOLITANO ): H.R. 2677. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for behavioral and mental health outreach and education strategies to reduce stigma associated with mental health among the Asian American, Native Hawaiian, and Pacific Islander popu-lation; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself and Mr. T
ROTT ): H.R. 2678. A bill to require all Members, of-ficers, and employees of the House of Rep-resentatives to complete annual ethics train-ing, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on House Administration. By Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania (for himself, Mr. B
ARLETTA , Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. T
AKANO , Ms. T ITUS, and Ms. S
INEMA ): H.R. 2679. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to improve service-con-nected disability determinations for pur-poses of loan discharge; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. CRIST (for himself and Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida): H.R. 2680. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for a credit against tax for certain small businesses hir-ing new employees; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 2681. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to increase the age range at which the earned income tax credit is al-lowed to former foster children and other in-dividuals without qualifying children; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 2682. A bill to support foster youth in successful parenting by reducing unintended pregnancies and promoting the well-being of expectant or parenting foster youth and their children; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DELANEY (for himself, Mr. H
ULTGREN , Ms. S INEMA , Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. J
ONES , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. R USH, Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. H IMES, Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas, Ms. S HEA-POR-
TER, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. C
OURTNEY , and Mr. H ASTINGS ): H.R. 2683. A bill to amend the Fair Credit Reporting Act to delay the inclusion in con-sumer credit reports and to establish re-quirements for debt collectors with respect to medical debt information of veterans due 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L25MY7.100 H25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4604 May 25, 2017 
to inappropriate or delayed billing payments or reimbursements from the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. D
ELBENE (for herself, Ms. L EE, and Mr. L
AWSON of Florida): H.R. 2684. A bill to amend the Food and Nu-trition Act of 2008 to modify the exception to the work requirement; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Ms. D
ELBENE (for herself, Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. P OLIS, and Mr. H IMES): H.R. 2685. A bill to require the Secretary of Labor to establish a pilot program for pro-viding portable benefits to eligible workers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. ESPAILLAT: H.R. 2686. A bill to codify the Small Busi-ness Administration’s Growth Accelerator Fund Competition, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. By Mr. FOSTER (for himself, Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, and Mr. R
YANof Ohio): H.R. 2687. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide States with an option to provide medical assistance to individuals between the ages of 22 and 64 for inpatient services to treat substance use dis-orders at certain facilities, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas (for himself and Mr. R
ICHMOND ): H.R. 2688. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide the same level of Federal matching assistance for every State that chooses to expand Medicaid coverage to newly eligible individuals, re-gardless of when such expansion takes place; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GRIJALVA (for himself and Mrs. T
ORRES ): H.R. 2689. A bill to prescribe procedures for effective consultation and coordination by Federal agencies with federally recognized Indian Tribes regarding Federal Government activities that impact Tribal lands and inter-ests to ensure that meaningful Tribal input is an integral part of the Federal decision- making process; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. By Mr. GUTIE´RREZ (for himself, Mr. P
ANETTA , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. V ELA, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali-fornia, Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. S OTO, Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. S
IRES, Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas, and Mr. J
EFFRIES ): H.R. 2690. A bill to improve agricultural job opportunities, benefits, and security for aliens in the United States and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. HASTINGS (for himself and Mr. D
IAZ-BALART ): H.R. 2691. A bill to amend the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2000 to provide for expedited project implementation relat-ing to the comprehensive Everglades restora-tion plan; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. By Mr. HIGGINS of New York: H.R. 2692. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to eliminate the time limita-tion for use of eligibility and entitlement to educational assistance under certain pro-grams of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. HUNTER (for himself, Mr. MCCLINTOCK , and Mr. C ALVERT ): H.R. 2693. A bill to amend the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to limit attor-ney fees and penalties in citizen suits, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. ISSA (for himself, Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. D
ENT, Mr. H ENSARLING , Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. B ANKS of In-diana, Mr. D
AVIDSON , Mr. D UNN, and Mr. P
ETERSON ): H.R. 2694. A bill to amend the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act to enhance protections regarding voter registration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Ms. JAYAPAL (for herself, Mr. M
CEACHIN , and Ms. B ARRAGA ´N): H.R. 2695. A bill to establish an Office of Environmental Justice in the Environmental Protection Agency and to authorize an envi-ronmental justice small grants program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Ms. JAYAPAL (for herself, Mr. M
CEACHIN , and Ms. B ARRAGA ´N): H.R. 2696. A bill to establish the Office of Environmental Justice in the Executive Of-fice of the President, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 2697. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to require additional disclo-sures by creditors when lending to members of the Armed Forces and their dependents, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 2698. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to allow veterans affected by school closures to continue receiving month-ly stipends under the Post-9/11 Educational Assistance Program for a certain period, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. KILDEE (for himself and Mr. M
OULTON ): H.R. 2699. A bill to direct the Secretary of Defense to more effectively provide mental health resources for members of the Armed Forces at high risk of suicide, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices, and in addition to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire (for herself, Mr. P
OLIS, and Mr. M
OULTON ): H.R. 2700. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow employers a credit against income tax as an incentive to part-ner with educational institutions to improve workforce development and job training for students and a credit against income tax for certain expenses of job training programs; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire (for herself, Mr. KINGof New York, Mr. E
NGEL , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. N
EAL, Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. W
ELCH , and Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali-fornia): H.R. 2701. A bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to the 23d Headquarters, Special Troops and the 3133rd Signal Service Com-pany, in recognition of their unique and highly distinguished service as a ‘‘Ghost Army’’ that conducted deception operations in Europe during World War II; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services, and in addi-tion to the Committee on House Administra-tion, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LAWSON of Florida: H.R. 2702. A bill to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to establish a commercialization assistance pilot program under the SBIR program, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Small Business, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. TED LIEU of California (for himself, Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. K
EATING , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. R USH, and Mr. M
CGOVERN ): H.R. 2703. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into agreements with public and private entities to provide pro bono legal services to homeless veterans and veterans at risk of homelessness, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. LIPINSKI (for himself, Mr. J
ONES , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Ms. S
INEMA , Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. K
IND, Mr. M OONEY of West Vir-ginia, and Mr. L
YNCH ): H.R. 2704. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to extend military commissary and exchange store privileges to certain vet-erans who have been awarded the Purple Heart and to their dependents; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. By Mr. LOUDERMILK (for himself, Mr. G
RIFFITH , and Mr. R USSELL ): H.R. 2705. A bill to limit the applicability of the final rule entitled ‘‘Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Fuel Efficiency Standards for Medium- and Heavy-Duty Engines and Vehi-cles-Phase 2‘‘ to the extent such final rule relates to trailers that do not themselves emit greenhouse gases in connection with a propulsion system; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mr. LUETKEMEYER (for himself, Mr. R
OTHFUS , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. B
UDD, Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. T
IPTON , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. L
UCAS , Mr. H OLLINGSWORTH , Mr. H
ULTGREN , Mr. M ACARTHUR , and Ms. T
ENNEY ): H.R. 2706. A bill to provide requirements for the appropriate Federal banking agencies when requesting or ordering a depository in-stitution to terminate a specific customer account, to provide for additional require-ments related to subpoenas issued under the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L25MY7.100 H25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4605 May 25, 2017 
By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico (for herself, Mr. B
EN R
AYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. M
CKINLEY , and Mr. P EARCE ): H.R. 2707. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to establish an Ombudsman within the Veterans Health Administration of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico (for herself, Mr. B
EN R
AYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, and Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT ): H.R. 2708. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to repeal the limitation on the number of veterans authorized to be enrolled in programs of independent living services and assistance administered by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York (for herself, Mr. M
EEKS , and Ms. J
ACKSON LEE): H.R. 2709. A bill to increase the participa-tion of historically underrepresented demo-graphic groups in science, technology, engi-neering, and mathematics education and in-dustry; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 2710. A bill to establish a commission to study how Federal laws and policies affect United States citizens living in foreign coun-tries; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, Ways and Means, the Judiciary, House Administration, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MARSHALL (for himself, Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. Y ODER , Mr. M
CNERNEY , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. N
OLAN , and Ms. M OORE ): H.R. 2711. A bill to designate a National Memorial to Fallen Educators at the Na-tional Teachers Hall of Fame in Emporia, Kansas; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. MAST (for himself, Mr. G
OTTHEIMER , Mr. R OYCE of California, Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. P OEof Texas, Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. T ED L
IEUof California, Mr. D EUTCH , and Mr. S
UOZZI ): H.R. 2712. A bill to impose sanctions with respect to foreign support for Palestinian terrorism, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. M
CKINLEY (for himself, Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. N
ORCROSS , Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio, and Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia): H.R. 2713. A bill to amend the Surface Min-ing Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to transfer certain funds to the 1974 United Mine Workers of America Pension Plan, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MEADOWS (for himself, Mr. M
ASSIE , Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. SENSENBRENNER , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. L
EWIS of Minnesota, Mr. B UDD, Mr. B
RAT, and Mr. P ALMER ): H.R. 2714. A bill to facilitate the use of out-come-based performance standards by the Department of Transportation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. By Ms. MENG: H.R. 2715. A bill to require refunds for de-layed or lost baggage; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. O’HALLERAN (for himself and Mr. J
ONES ): H.R. 2716. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to make certain grants to assist nursing homes for veterans located on tribal lands; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. PAULSEN (for himself and Mr. Q
UIGLEY ): H.R. 2717. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to authorize certain aliens who have earned a Ph.D. degree from a United States institution of higher edu-cation in a field of science, technology, engi-neering, or mathematics to be admitted for permanent residence and to be exempted from the numerical limitations on H-1B non-immigrants; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. B
ERA, Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Ms. J
UDY CHU of California, Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALO-
NEY of New York, Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M
OORE , Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. R USH, Mr. S
CHIFF , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. V
ARGAS , Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE, Mr. P ANETTA , and Ms. L OFGREN ): H.R. 2718. A bill to allow certain student loan borrowers to refinance Federal student loans; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. PINGREE (for herself, Mr. B
UCHANAN , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. K INGof New York, and Mr. H
UFFMAN ): H.R. 2719. A bill to direct the Secretary of Commerce, acting through the Adminis-trator of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration, to conduct coastal community vulnerability assessments re-lated to ocean acidification, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Ms. PINGREE (for herself, Mr. L
AR-
SEN of Washington, Ms. S HEA-POR-
TER, and Mr. C OURTNEY ): H.R. 2720. A bill to require notice of cost- free Federal procurement technical assist-ance in connection with registration of small business concerns in procurement systems; to the Committee on Small Business. By Mr. POSEY (for himself, Mr. W
EB-
STER of Florida, Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. G OH-
MERT , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. D ELANEY , and Mr. S
HERMAN ): H.R. 2721. A bill to allow seniors to file their Federal income tax on a new Form 1040SR; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. PRICE of North Carolina: H.R. 2722. A bill to encourage the develop-ment, certification, and adoption of environ-mentally sustainable swine waste disposal technologies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROE of Tennessee (for himself, Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. W
OODALL , Mr. B ILI-
RAKIS , Mr. H UDSON , and Mr. W ILSON  of South Carolina): H.R. 2723. A bill to provide protections for workers with respect to their right to select or refrain from selecting representation by a labor organization; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. ROHRABACHER (for himself and Mr. C
ARTER of Texas): H.R. 2724. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to replace the diversity visa program with a new program under which an immigrant visa can be obtained by paying a fee of $1,000,000, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Homeland Security, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROKITA (for himself and Mr. H
ASTINGS ): H.R. 2725. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to provide for the refi-nancing of certain Federal student loans; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. By Mr. RUIZ (for himself, Mr. L
OEBSACK , and Mr. E VANS ): H.R. 2726. A bill to provide for the estab-lishment of a pilot program to train individ-uals for employment in the renewable energy and energy efficiency industries; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 2727. A bill to support the education of Indian children; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 2728. A bill to require labeling of in-gredients of cleaning products, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RUPPERSBERGER: H.R. 2729. A bill to direct National Secu-rity Council, in consultation with the Direc-tor of National intelligence and the Attorney General, to ensure that a mitigation process and protocols are in place in the case of a disclosure of classified information by the President, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Se-lect), and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, and Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. RUSSELL: H.R. 2730. A bill to amend the Federal Crop Insurance Act to eliminate premium sub-sidies for crop insurance for tobacco; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. RUSSELL: H.R. 2731. A bill to amend the Agricultural Risk Protection Act of 2000 to eliminate the authority of the Secretary of Agriculture to make value-added agricultural product mar-ket development grants to support the devel-opment, production, or marketing of alco-holic beverages and to rescind a portion of the Commodity Credit Corporation funds made available for such grants; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. By Mr. SCHIFF (for himself and Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina): H.R. 2732. A bill to prohibit travel-related transactions to, from, and within North Korea by persons subject to the jurisdiction 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L25MY7.100 H25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4606 May 25, 2017 
of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. SCHNEIDER (for himself, Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. S
EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, and Ms. S
TEFANIK ): H.R. 2733. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish a pilot grant program to acquire and renovate abandoned homes for homeless veterans; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. SLAUGHTER: H.R. 2734. A bill to require the Department of Commerce to address the trade deficits be-tween the United States and other countries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. SMITH of Nebraska (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENAUER ): H.R. 2735. A bill to make certain footwear eligible for duty-free treatment under the Generalized System of Preferences, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. SUOZZI: H.R. 2736. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to furnish free and comprehen-sive mental health care to former members of the Armed Services, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Mr. TAKANO: H.R. 2737. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a study to evaluate the effectiveness of programs, espe-cially in regards to women veterans and mi-nority veterans, in transitioning to civilian life, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. TAKANO: H.R. 2738. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the approval of cer-tain programs of education for purposes of educational assistance provided by the De-partment of Veterans Affairs; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. TURNER (for himself and Ms. T
SONGAS ): H.R. 2739. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to establish additional protec-tions for victims of crimes punishable under the Uniform Code of Military Justice; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ (for herself and Mr. M
AST): H.R. 2740. A bill to posthumously award a Congressional gold medal to Rabbi Michoel Ber Weissmandl in recognition of his acts of valor during World War II; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. WALKER: H.R. 2741. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide mandatory minimum terms of imprisonment for certain traf-ficking offenses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. WALORSKI (for herself and Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois): H.R. 2742. A bill to amend title IV of the Social Security Act to require States to adopt an electronic system to help expedite the placement of children in foster care or guardianship, or for adoption, across State lines, and to provide funding to aid States in developing such a system, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali-fornia: H.R. 2743. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to require that proprietary institutions of higher education derive not less than fifteen percent of revenues from sources other than funds provided under title IV of such Act; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali-fornia: H.R. 2744. A bill to revise the 90-10 rule under the Higher Education Act of 1965 to count veterans’ education benefits under such rule, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, and Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN (for her-self, Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. C LARK  of Massachusetts, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. D
ELBENE, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. E VANS , Mr. F OSTER , Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. A L G
REEN of Texas, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE, Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. K HANNA , Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, Ms. L EE, Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. S
EANPATRICK MALO-
NEYof New York, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. M
CEACHIN , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. M
OULTON , Ms. M OORE , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. P
AYNE , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. D AVID S
COTT of Georgia, Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. S
IRES, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. T
ITUS, Mr. T ONKO , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. M AXINE  W
ATERS of California, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. P
ETERS , and Ms. B LUNT  R
OCHESTER ): H.R. 2745. A bill to amend title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act to provide for a special enrollment period for pregnant women, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Oversight and Government Re-form, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WELCH (for himself and Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico): H.R. 2746. A bill to amend title VI of the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 to establish a Federal renewable elec-tricity standard for retail electricity sup-pliers and a Federal energy efficiency re-source standard for electricity and natural gas suppliers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. YOHO (for himself, Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Mr. K
INZINGER , Mr. R
USH, Mr. T HOMAS J. R OONEY of Flor-ida, Mr. E
LLISON , and Mr. P OLIS): H.R. 2747. A bill to catalyze market-based economic growth in developing countries, create opportunities for the private sector of the United States to effectively engage in foreign assistance programs, improve plan-ning and coordination among relevant United States departments and agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska (for himself, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. B
EYER , Mr. C RIST, Ms. P INGREE , Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN , Miss G ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. M
AST, Mr. H
UFFMAN , and Mr. L OBIONDO ): H.R. 2748. A bill to reauthorize and amend the Marine Debris Act to promote inter-national action to reduce marine debris, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. AMASH (for himself, Mr. POCAN , Mr. M ASSIE , Ms. L EE, Mr. J
ONES , and Mr. M CGOVERN ): H.J. Res. 102. A joint resolution relating to the disapproval of the proposed export to the Government of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia of certain defense articles; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. GIBBS (for himself, Mr. G
OSAR , and Mr. L
OUDERMILK ): H.J. Res. 103. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relat-ing to ‘‘Improve Tracking of Workplace Inju-ries and Illnesses‘‘; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. TED LIEU of California (for himself, Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mrs. T
ORRES , Mr. C ONYERS , and Mr. P
OCAN ): H.J. Res. 104. A joint resolution to provide limitations on the transfer of air-to-ground munitions from the United States to Saudi Arabia; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. TED LIEU of California (for himself, Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. E
LLISON , Ms. J AYAPAL , Ms. L EE, Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. C LAY, Mr. N OLAN , Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. K HANNA , Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. C ON-
YERS , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mr. M CGOV-
ERN, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. P
INGREE , and Ms. C LARK of Mas-sachusetts): H. Con. Res. 63. Concurrent resolution sup-porting efforts to enact a bold jobs and infra-structure package that benefits all Ameri-cans, not just billionaires; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina (for himself, Mr. M
EEKS , Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. H
UIZENGA ): H. Res. 357. A resolution reaffirming the strategic partnership between the United States and Canada, recognizing bilateral co-operation that advances United States na-tional interests, and urging increased bilat-eral cooperation on security, economic issues, and energy, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DEUTCH (for himself, Ms. J
UDY C
HUof California, Mr. C RIST, Mr. P
OSEY , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and Mr. K
ENNEDY ): H. Res. 358. A resolution expressing support for the designation of May 25 as ‘‘National Moonshot Day’’ and recognizing the impor-tance of conquering scientific challenges from medicine to space and beyond; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. DEUTCH (for himself, Mr. B
ILI-
RAKIS , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsyl-vania, Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. Z
ELDIN , and Mr. S
CHNEIDER ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L25MY7.100 H25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4607 May 25, 2017 
H. Res. 359. A resolution urging the Euro-pean Union to designate Hizballah in its en-tirety as a terrorist organization and in-crease pressure on it and its members; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. HUDSON (for himself, Mr. Z
ELDIN , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, and Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland): H. Res. 360. A resolution honoring the 100th anniversary of the 82nd Airborne Division; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Ms. KELLY of Illinois (for herself, Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. R USH, Ms. F
UDGE , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. S
CHNEIDER , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. B
EYER , Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. D
EGETTE , Mrs. T
ORRES , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. P LASKETT , Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mrs. W ATSON COLE-
MAN, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. M
OORE , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Il-linois, Mrs. D
EMINGS , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. K
HANNA , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. C
LEAVER , Mr. R ICHMOND , and Mr. C
LAY): H. Res. 361. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of ‘‘National Gun Violence Awareness Day‘‘ and ’’National Gun Violence Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. M
CEACHIN (for himself, Ms. J
AYAPAL , and Ms. B ARRAGA ´N): H. Res. 362. A resolution affirming the need to achieve environmental justice, com-mending the work of environmental justice advocates, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. NOLAN (for himself, Mr. C
LEAVER , Mr. W ALZ, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Ms. L EE, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, and Mr. E
VANS ): H. Res. 363. A resolution supporting a Fed-eral, publically funded universal school meal and nutrition program; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. NOLAN: H. Res. 364. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regard-ing the need to eliminate partisan redis-tricting and gerrymandering; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Ms. NORTON: H. Res. 365. A resolution recognizing the denial of full voting rights in Congress for active duty service members, National Guard members, reservists, veterans, and their fam-ilies who are District of Columbia residents; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mr. O’ROURKE (for himself and Ms. L
EE): H. Res. 366. A resolution recognizing and commemorating St. Joseph’s School and their service to the El Paso community; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. By Mr. THOMPSON of California (for himself, Mr. A
GUILAR , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. B
EYER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Ms. J UDYCHU of California, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Mr. C
LAY, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. C OURT -
NEY, Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Mr. D EFA-
ZIO, Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. DEUTCH , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. M I-
CHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. E
SHOO , Ms. E STYof Connecticut, Mr. E
VANS , Mr. F OSTER , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H IG-
GINS of New York, Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. K EATING , Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. L AN-
GEVIN , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. T ED L
IEUof California, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. L YNCH , Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. M
ATSUI , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. M
EEKS , Ms. M ENG, Ms. M OORE , Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. R ASKIN , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. R
UIZ, Mr. R USH, Mr. S
ARBANES , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. S IRES, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. T
ONKO , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. V
ARGAS , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mrs. L
OWEY , Ms. L EE, Mr. V EASEY , Mr. R
ICHMOND , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. M CEACHIN , Ms. G
ABBARD , Mr. C RIST, Mrs. T
ORRES , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Ms. R
OSEN , Mr. S OTO, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Mr. P
ANETTA , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. H
IMES, Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. C ORREA , Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER , Ms. K APTUR , and Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida): H. Res. 367. A resolution establishing the Select Committee on Gun Violence Preven-tion; to the Committee on Rules. By Mr. THOMPSON of California (for himself, Ms. E
SHOO , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , and Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER ): H. Res. 368. A resolution disapproving of the irresponsible actions and negligence of President Trump which may have caused grave harm to United States national secu-rity; to the Committee on Intelligence (Per-manent Select), and in addition to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WITTMAN: H. Res. 369. A resolution recognizing May 29, 2017, as ‘‘National 529 Day’’; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
48. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the House of Representatives of the State of Kansas, relative to House Resolution No. 6031, commemorating the 80th anniversary of the American System of Conservation Fund-ing; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 49. Also, a memorial of the House of Rep-resentatives of the State of Hawaii, relative to House Resolution No. 25, H.D. 1, urging the United States Congress to restore free and fair elections; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia: H.R. 15. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia: H.R. 2650. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. BARR: H.R. 2651. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. COFFMAN: H.R. 2652. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution. By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 2653. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina: H.R. 2654. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Because this legislation adjusts the for-mula the federal government uses to spend money on federal contracts, it is authorized by the Constitution under Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1, which grants Congress its spend-ing power. By Mr. EVANS: H.R. 2655. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 8 By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H.R. 2656. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. MASSIE: H.R. 2657. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This act is justified by the Commerce Clause of the United States Constitution which, by granting Congress the power to regulate commerce among the several states, also allows Congress to prevent or prohibit federal interference with Americans’ ability to slaughter and process meat. This act is also justified by the Ninth and Tenth Amendments to the Constitution, which rec-ognize that rights and powers are retained and reserved by the people and to the States. By Mr. ENGEL: H.R. 2658. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 2659. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L25MY7.100 H25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4608 May 25, 2017 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. PALMER: H.R. 2660. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article III, Section 1 gives Congress the power to ‘‘ordain and establish’’ inferior Courts. By Ms. CHENEY: H.R. 2661. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 4, Section 3: The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all need-ful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitu-tion shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 2662. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. MARCHANT: H.R. 2663. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. By Mr. WALBERG: H.R. 2664. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. BACON: H.R. 2665. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I. Section 6 By Mr. BIGGS: H.R. 2666. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII of the Constitution By Mr. BLUMENAUER: H.R. 2667. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The U.S. Constitution provides the Con-gress with the necessary authority under Ar-ticle I, Section 8. By Mr. BLUMENAUER: H.R. 2668. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The U.S. Constitution provides the Con-gress with the necessary authority under Ar-ticle I, Section 8. By Mr. BLUMENAUER: H.R. 2669. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 4, Clause 1 By Mr. BROWN of Maryland: H.R. 2670. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Necessary and Proper Clause (Art. 1, Sec. 8, Cl. 18) By Mr. BROWN of Maryland: H.R. 2671. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Commerce Clause (Art. 1, Sec. 8, Cl. 3) By Mrs. BUSTOS: H.R. 2672. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 7 By Mrs. BUSTOS: H.R. 2673. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 7 By Mr. CARSON of Indiana: H.R. 2674. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of section 8 of Article I of the Constitution. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 2675. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or offi-cer thereof, as enumerated in Article I, Sec-tion 8, Clause 18 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. CASTRO of Texas: H.R. 2676. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress shall have power . . . To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the fore-going powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or offi-cer thereof. By Ms. JUDY CHU of California: H.R. 2677. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the United States Constitution By Mr. CICILLINE: H.R. 2678. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania: H.R. 2679. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Mr. CRIST: 
H.R. 2680. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 3 provides Con-gress with the power to ‘‘regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 2681. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I of the Constitution and its subse-quent amendments and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 2682. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I of the Constitution and its subse-quent amendments and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. DELANEY: H.R. 2683. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Ms. DELBENE: H.R. 2684. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. DELBENE: H.R. 2685. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. ESPAILLAT: H.R. 2686. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article One of the United States Constitu-tion, section 8, clause 18: The Congress shall have Power—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof or Article One of the United States Constitu-tion, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have Power—To regu-late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian tribes; By Mr. FOSTER: H.R. 2687. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas: H.R. 2688. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution. By Mr. GRIJALVA: H.R. 2689. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Const. art. I, §8, cl. 3. By Mr. GUTIE´RREZ: H.R. 2690. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. HASTINGS: H.R. 2691. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: United States Constitution, Article 1, Sec-tion 8 By Mr. HIGGINS of New York: H.R. 2692. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. HUNTER: H.R. 2693. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. ISSA: H.R. 2694. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 Clause 14 The Congress shall have Power to the United States Constitution which empowers Congress ‘‘To make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces;’’. And; Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power to the United States Constitution which empowers Congress ‘‘To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execu-tion the foregoing powers, and all other pow-ers vested by this Constitution in the gov-ernment of the United States, or in any de-partment or officer thereof.’’ And; The Fourteenth Amendment to the Constitution: Which guarantees, in part, that no State shall ‘‘deny to any person within its jurisdic-tion the equal protection of the laws,’’ which 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.026 H25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4609 May 25, 2017 
the Supreme Court of the United States has ruled to be inclusive of those laws pertaining to the right to vote. By Ms. JAYAPAL: H.R. 2695. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Ms. JAYAPAL: H.R. 2696. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 2697. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 2698. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 2699. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire: H.R. 2700. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, the Taxing and Spend-ing Clause: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . .’’ By Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire: H.R. 2701. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8, clause 6, Con-gress is empowered ‘‘to coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Measures.’’ By Mr. LAWSON of Florida: H.R. 2702. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution for foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. TED LIEU of California: H.R. 2703. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Mr. LIPINSKI: H.R. 2704. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1, Clause 12 and Clause 16 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution of the United States grants the Congress the power to enact this law. By Mr. LOUDERMILK: H.R. 2705. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ By Mr. LUETKEMEYER: H.R. 2706. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the explicit power of Congress to regulate commerce in and among the states, as enumerate in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, the Commerce Clause, of the United States Constitution, and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1, which grants Congress the ability to make laws necessary to carry out that power. Ad-ditionally, Article I, Section 7, Clause 2 of the Constitution allows for every bill passed by the House of Representatives and the Sen-ate and signed by the President to be made law; and therefore it implicitly allows Con-gress to amend any bill that has been passed by both chambers and signed into law by the President. By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico: H.R. 2707. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico: H.R. 2708. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 2709. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: the Com-merce Clause By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 2710. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 10 The Congress shall have Power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Consitiution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer therof By Mr. MARSHALL: H.R. 2711. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 2 of section 3 of article IV of the United States Constitution By Mr. MAST: H.R. 2712. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. McKINLEY: H.R. 2713. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: According to Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution: The Congress shall have power 
to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States but all duties, imposts, and ex-cises shall be uniform throughout. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 2714. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: According to Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2, the Congress ‘‘shall have Power... to dis-pose of and make all needful Rules and Regu-lations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States. . . .’’ According to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, the Congress ‘‘shall have Power ...  T o  ....  regulate Commerce ....  among several States . . . .’’ According to Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, the Congress ‘‘shall have Power . . . To . . . Make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Ms. MENG: H.R. 2715. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Mr. O’HALLERAN: H.R. 2716. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 2717. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section VIII By Mr. PETERS: H.R. 2718. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the US Constitution By Ms. PINGREE: H.R. 2719. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of the US Constitu-tion By Ms. PINGREE: H.R. 2720. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of the US Constitu-tion By Mr. POSEY: H.R. 2721. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. Constitution. Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. Constitution. Amendment 16 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. PRICE of North Carolina: H.R. 2722. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution; the general welfare clause. By Mr. ROE of Tennessee: H.R. 2723. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: the authority enumerated in Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution By Mr. ROHRABACHER: H.R. 2724. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 Clause 4 ‘‘To establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization, and uni-form Laws on the subject of Bankruptcies throughout the United States.’’ By Mr. ROKITA: H.R. 2725. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8, Clause I ‘‘Congress shall have the power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and gen-eral welfare of the United States; but all du-ties, imposts, and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States;’’ By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 2726. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.030 H25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4610 May 25, 2017 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 2727. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 2728. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution By Mr. RUPPERSBERGER: H.R. 2729. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. RUSSELL: H.R. 2730. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. RUSSELL: H.R. 2731. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. SCHIFF: H.R. 2732. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the Commerce Clause: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. By Mr. SCHNEIDER: H.R. 2733. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Ms. SLAUGHTER: H.R. 2734. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. SMITH of Nebraska: H.R. 2735. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, speficially Clause 3 related to the regulation of commerce with foreign Na-tions. By Mr. SUOZZI: H.R. 2736. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8 of the Constitu-tion, Congress has the power ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or any Department or Officer there-of’’ By Mr. TAKANO: H.R. 2737. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. TAKANO: H.R. 2738. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. TURNER: H.R. 2739. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 3 and 8 of the U.S. Constitution. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 2740. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to . . . pro-vide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States; . . . By Mr. WALKER: H.R. 2741. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Mrs. WALORSKI: H.R. 2742. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the com-mon defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali-fornia: H.R. 2743. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by the Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali-fornia: H.R. 2744. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by the Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 2745. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. WELCH: 
H.R. 2746. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-gress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. YOHO: H.R. 2747. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, section 8 of the Constitution By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 2748. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into Execu-tion the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. AMASH: H.J. Res. 102. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have Power . . . To regulate Com-merce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ By Mr. GIBBS: H.J. Res. 103. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That Congress dis-approves the rule submitted by the Depart-ment of Labor relating to ‘‘Improve Track-ing of Workplace Unjuries and Illnesses’’ (81 Fed. Reg. 29624 (May 12, 2016)), and such rule shall have no force or effect. By Mr. TED LIEU of California: H.J. Res. 104. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Constitution, Article I, Section I, which includes an implied power for the Con-gress to regulate the conduct of the United States with respect to foreign affairs; and U.S. Constitution, Article I, Section 8, which authorizes the Congress to: (1) ‘‘provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States,’’ and (2) ‘‘make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers.’’ f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 19: Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. P A-
NETTA , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis- sissippi, and Mrs. T
ORRES . H.R. 60: Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. V
EASEY , and Mr. G RIFFITH . H.R. 113; Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire and Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 173: Mr. S
MITH of Texas and Mr. V
ARGAS . H.R. 184: Mr. K
EATING and Mr. L OEBSACK . H.R. 305: Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. C
LYBURN , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. C RIST, and Mr. H
ECK. H.R. 351: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 360: Ms. D
EGETTE . H.R. 392: Mr. A
RRINGTON , Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. L
EWIS of Minnesota, Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. G AETZ , Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. R
ICHMOND , Ms. L EE, Mr. L YNCH , Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD , and Mr. S IMPSON . H.R. 422: Mrs. L
OVE, Mr. D UNN, and Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 426: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 490: Mr. A
DERHOLT . H.R. 502; Mr. M
ASTand Ms. K ELLY of Illi- nois. H.R. 545; Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS , and Mr. E MMER . H.R. 564: Mr. D
ENTand Mr. F LEISCHMANN . H.R. 632; Mr. R
UTHERFORD . H.R. 641: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 664: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , and Mr. S OTO. H.R. 741: Mr. W
ALZ. H.R. 754; Mr. M
AST. H.R. 756: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. D
ONOVAN , and Ms. J ACKSON LEE. H.R. 778: Mr. C
OMER . H.R. 788: Mr. H
ARRIS . H.R. 795: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida, Mrs. T
ORRES , and Mr. J OYCE of Ohio. H.R. 801: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 821: Mr. L
YNCH . H.R. 849: Mr. S
MITH of Texas. H.R. 850: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 873: Mr. B
ACON , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, Mr. L
ATTA , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. D
UNN, Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , and Mr. L OBIONDO . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.034 H25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4611 May 25, 2017 
H.R. 918: Ms. T SONGAS . H.R. 959: Mr. R
OGERS of Alabama. H.R. 1057: Mrs. T
ORRES and Ms. M ATSUI . H.R. 1116: Mr. B
UCK, Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. R
OTHFUS , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. H OLLINGSWORTH , Mr. S
MITH of Texas, and Mr. F ARENTHOLD . H.R. 1154: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. W EBER of Texas, and Mr. R
ENACCI . H.R. 1158: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas and Mr. M
OOLENAAR . H.R. 1168: Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 1205: Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. K INGof New York, and Ms. F
UDGE . H.R. 1212: Mr. L
ANGEVIN and Mr. B ISHOP of Utah. H.R. 1235: Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. M
ACARTHUR , Mr. D ONO-
VAN, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. C AR-
SONof Indiana, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. B LUNT  R
OCHESTER , Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. A DAMS , Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE, Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , and Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 1267: Mr. B
ARLETTA . H.R. 1288: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 1298: Mr. H
ARRIS , Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 1318: Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 1339: Mr. A
LLEN . H.R. 1361: Mrs. D
INGELL , Mr. G IBBS, and Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 1393: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania, Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama, Ms. J EN-
KINS of Kansas, Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mr. G OH-
MERT . H.R. 1405: Mr. S
IRES. H.R. 1406: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. P AYNE , and Mr. S EANPAT-
RICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 1421: Mr. B
ARLETTA . H.R. 1447: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 1456: Mr. N
ORCROSS , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. K
IHUEN , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , and Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 1520: Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 1550: Mr. S
TIVERS , Mr. P ETERSON , and Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1552: Mr. A
DERHOLT . H.R. 1558: Mr. R
OHRABACHER . H.R. 1649: Ms. L
EE, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. R
ASKIN , and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 1681: Mrs. D
INGELL . H.R. 1698: Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia and Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 1699: Mr. R
OGERS of Alabama and Mrs. W
ALORSKI . H.R. 1719: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 1759: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 1772: Mr. R
OSSand Mr. A MODEI . H.R. 1811: Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 1818: Mr. T
URNER , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. Y
ODER , Mr. D EUTCH , Mrs. D AVIS of Cali-fornia, Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, and Mr. K
IHUEN . H.R. 1836: Mr. A
GUILAR and Mr. S OTO. H.R. 1838: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY . H.R. 1886: Mr. H
ECK. H.R. 1891: Mr. D
ESJARLAIS . H.R. 1896: Mr. B
ABIN. H.R. 1897: Mr. B
ABIN. H.R. 1904: Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 1953: Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 1970: Mr. P
ANETTA , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , and Mr. R
UTHERFORD . H.R. 2023: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . H.R. 2051: Mr. L
IPINSKI . H.R. 2062: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. K
IHUEN , Mrs. H ARTZLER , and Mr. W EBER  of Texas. H.R. 2077: Mr. S
TIVERS and Mrs. C OMSTOCK . H.R. 2092: Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. B ARLETTA , and Mrs. N
OEM. H.R. 2119: Mr. S
COTT of Virginia. H.R. 2141: Mr. W
ALZ. H.R. 2158: Mr. P
OLIS and Ms. M AXINE  W
ATERS of California. H.R. 2170: Mrs. N
OEM, Mr. P ITTENGER , and Mr. C
ONAWAY . H.R. 2173: Ms. T
SONGAS . H.R. 2180: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 2189: Mr. S
MITH of Texas and Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 2194: Mr. B
ACON and Mr. J ONES . H.R. 2223: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 2258: Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida, Mr. C
OOK, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. S IRES, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. H
UFFMAN , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. L
IPINSKI , and Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 2286: Mr. G
ALLAGHER and Mr. A BRA-
HAM. H.R. 2295: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Ms. G ABBARD , and Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 2327: Mr. W
ITTMAN , Mr. C RIST, Mr. K
EATING , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. V ALADAO , and Mr. B
ARLETTA . H.R. 2336: Ms. M
ATSUI and Mr. K ENNEDY . H.R. 2337: Mr. S
ERRANO and Mr. K ENNEDY . H.R. 2358: Mr. H
ECKand Mr. C OFFMAN . H.R. 2369: Mr. R
UTHERFORD and Mr. P OSEY . H.R. 2372: Mr. B
OST. H.R. 2391: Mr. M
ASSIE . H.R. 2412: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 2413: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 2414: Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. J
AYAPAL , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, and Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 2417: Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. K
HANNA , Miss R ICEof New York, Ms. M
OORE , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mrs. D AVIS of Cali- fornia, Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. L EE, Ms. E
STYof Connecticut, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. E NGEL , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. C
UMMINGS , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. K
EATING , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. D EFA-
ZIO, Mr. V EASEY , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. C
ARDENAS , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. GRIJALVA , Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. R
YANof Ohio, Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  of New Mexico, Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. N IMES, Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. C
OOPER , Mr. C ONNOLLY , and Mr. K IND. H.R. 2422: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 2428: Mr. P
ALLONE and Mr. K ENNEDY . H.R. 2431: Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina and Mr. B
RAT. H.R. 2432: Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2452: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 2465: Ms. R
OSEN , Mr. C OLE, Mr. S OTO, Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. R UTHERFORD , and Mr. P
ALAZZO . H.R. 2492: Mr. L
AMALFA and Mr. C URBELO  of Florida. H.R. 2499: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 2508: Mr. P
OLIS and Mr. V EASEY . H.R. 2520: Mr. T
AYLOR and Mr. L ANCE . H.R. 2523: Mr. K
ENNEDY , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, and Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 2526: Mr. C
LAY. H.R. 2534: Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 2581: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2583: Mr. P
OLIS and Mr. R ASKIN . H.R. 2603: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . H.R. 2610: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 2630: Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 2645: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.J. Res. 51: Mrs. R
OBY, Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. H
UDSON , and Mr. L AMALFA . H. Con. Res. 8: Mr. Z
ELDIN , Mr. K IND, Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida, Mr. P OLIS, and Ms. B
ORDALLO . H. Con. Res. 10: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsyl- vania. H. Res. 15: Mr. E
STES of Kansas and Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H. Res. 30: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H. Res. 161: Ms. K
APTUR . H. Res. 201: Mr. D
ESANTIS . H. Res. 267: Mr. D
UNN, Mr. S OTO, Mr. R UTH-
ERFORD , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. H OL-
LINGSWORTH , Mr. B ERGMAN , Mr. A RRINGTON , Mr. B
ACON , Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, Ms. C
HENEY , Mr. T AYLOR , Mr. M ITCHELL , Mr. F
ORTENBERRY , and Mr. M AST. H. Res. 279: Mr. M
AST. H. Res. 319: Mr. H
UDSON and Mr. G ARRETT . H. Res. 328: Mr. E
NGEL . H. Res. 337: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. C
LAY, Mr. E LLISON , Ms. P LASKETT , and Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi. H. Res. 351: Mr. K
IND, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. W
ELCH , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. C LARK  of Massachusetts, Mr. K
ILDEE , Ms. L EE, Mr. D
ESANTIS , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. C
OURTNEY , Ms. G ABBARD , and Mr. N ADLER . H. Res. 354: Mr. S
HERMAN , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. K
EATING , Mr. N UNES , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. G
UTHRIE , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. B
EYER , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. D
ESANTIS , Mr. D ENT, and Ms. B ORDALLO . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY7.021 H25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3159 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, MAY 25, 2017 No. 91 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10:30 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable L
U-
THER STRANGE , a Senator from the State of Alabama. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Gracious Father, fill our govern-ment’s legislative branch with Your truth. Where it is in need of purging, cleanse it. Where it is in error, direct it. Where anything is amiss, reform it. Where it is right, strengthen and con-firm it. Where it is in want, furnish it. Where it is divided, unite it. Today, use our lawmakers for Your purposes. As they have the opportuni-ties, may they strive to do good for Your glory. Guide and strengthen them as You provide for their needs. Lord, remind them that they are laborers to-gether with You. We pray in Your sacred Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The assistant bill clerk read the fol-lowing letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, May 25, 2017. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable L
UTHER STRANGE , a Senator from the State of Alabama, to per-form the duties of the Chair. ORRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. STRANGE thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tem-pore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
HEALTHCARE LEGISLATION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, what has happened in the years since Democrats forced ObamaCare on our country? Health choices have plum-meted downward year after year. Health costs have skyrocketed higher year after year. And what have Demo-crats, who promised the opposite, done all these years since, as Republicans repeatedly warned we had to act before ObamaCare hurt more Americans on its inevitable path to collapse? Well, they have done basically nothing. They said we were exaggerating. They were wrong. They said things would get bet-ter. They got even worse. Rather than work with us to fix healthcare, they pretended things were fine, while more Americans got hurt. So you can imagine my surprise when Democrats recently sent a letter that essentially conceded that the sta-tus quo of ObamaCare is unsustainable. Was it because they actually wanted to work together on reform? I sure wish that were the case, but so far it seems part of a new strategy to—get this— blame someone other than themselves for the failures of ObamaCare. Did they actually think anyone was going to buy this? Come on. Just the other day, a bombshell re-port came out that reminded us ex-actly where the blame for ObamaCare’s failures has always belonged. The blame belongs with ObamaCare. The official report said that since ObamaCare’s full enactment in 2013, premiums had, on average, doubled in the vast majority of States that use ObamaCare’s Federal exchange, and premiums even tripled in a handful of others. Think about that. Premiums doubled in the vast majority of these States, and premiums tripled in a handful of others. There is no serious way to now try to spin away these years and years of ObamaCare’s fail-ures on cost. By the same token, there is no seri-ous way to try to spin away or ignore the years and years of ObamaCare’s failures on choice. Just take a look at the chart behind me. It shows that 49 percent of the counties in my State have just one insurer. Half of the coun-ties—one choice. And when you have one choice, you have no choice at all. That is the latest in a long-term trend we have seen under ObamaCare. To add insult to injury, predictions show that next year could be even worse for fami-lies when it comes to their choices under this law. Unfortunately, my State is not alone either. This year, there are 26 States with at least 1 county where residents have just 1 insurance option under ObamaCare. That means millions of Americans living in more than 1,000 counties across our country really have no choice at all. Thanks to ObamaCare, things could again get even worse next year. Just yesterday, tens of thousands of Missou-rians across 25 counties—from small towns to Kansas City—learned that they may join the ranks of Americans without a single insurance option to choose from next year—not one— thanks to ObamaCare and its years- long trend of fewer and fewer choices. Does any of that sound like what Americans were promised? A mother in Louisville recently wrote to my office begging for Mem-bers of Congress to address the failures. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.000 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3160 May 25, 2017 
‘‘Middle class Kentuckians are hurting because of ObamaCare,’’ she said. ‘‘Residents [have] little choice for health plans’’ and ‘‘our family is not the only one suffering from the high costs of health insurance.’’ She con-cluded, ‘‘I hope you will push hard to fix our healthcare system.’’ I know many of my colleagues have received letters like this one from their constituents as well. ObamaCare has caused so much pain for families across our country, and it is not going to just magically somehow get better on its own. I know that, like so many families across the country, I am not satisfied with the ObamaCare status quo, and I don’t think it is ac-ceptable for its failures to be consid-ered the new normal. As the people of Kentucky have shown in election after election, they don’t either. Senate Republicans are working to-gether to move past the problems of ObamaCare and to help those who have been hurt by it. We would love for Democrats to join us. Democrats have already effectively conceded that ObamaCare has failed. Now the ques-tion is, Will they work with us to actu-ally fix this mess, or will they waste more time in some futile attempt to now redirect blame? The ObamaCare status quo is unsustainable. It is inde-fensible, and we have to move beyond it before more Americans get hurt. 
f 
NOMINATION OF AMUL THAPAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on another matter, later today Senators will vote to confirm Judge Amul Thapar of Kentucky to the U.S. Ap-peals Court for the Sixth Circuit. Judge Thapar will make an out-standing addition to the U.S. Appeals Court for the Sixth Circuit. He has a reputation as a qualified judge with an impressive legal mind. He will fairly apply the law to all those who enter his courtroom because, in Judge Thapar’s own words, ‘‘the most important at-tribute of a judge is to be open-minded and not to prejudice a case without reading the briefs, researching the law, and hearing from the parties.’’ In 2007, President Bush nominated him to be a U.S. district judge for the Eastern District of Kentucky. At that time, the Senate confirmed his nomi-nation on a voice vote, and Judge Thapar became the first South Asian American Federal judge in the history of our country. When we confirm him to the Sixth Circuit later today, he will be the second South Asian American judge ever to serve on a Federal circuit court. Judge Thapar has been recognized for his work on the bench. The most recent edition of the Almanac of the Federal Judiciary quoted attorneys who ‘‘agreed that Thapar has excellent legal ability.’’ Additionally, the Amer-ican Bar Association, which prominent Senate Democrats have called ‘‘the gold standard’’ for evaluating judges, awarded him its highest rating—unani-mously ‘‘well qualified.’’ In other words, the people involved in rating him couldn’t find anybody who didn’t say he was well qualified. That is the highest rating one can achieve. Judge Thapar has the necessary cre-dentials, integrity, and respect from his colleagues to join the Sixth Circuit. I am proud to support him, and I urge all Senators to vote to confirm Judge Thapar’s nomination later today. f 
MEMORIAL DAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, as we approach the Memorial Day week-end, we are reminded of the great sac-rifices so many men and women in uni-form have made on our behalf through-out the years. The servicemembers whose memory we honor paid the ulti-mate price in defending our Nation, our families, and our freedom. We are for-ever indebted to them. But as we re-flect upon the fallen soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines, we are also re-minded of the responsibility we have to the heroes who have returned home— our veterans. I don’t have to tell colleagues how important keeping our commitment to our veterans is. We have an All-Volun-teer Force. We cannot break faith with the Americans who bravely and will-ingly fight on our behalf. One way we can honor them is by working to en-sure that they receive the quality, timely care they need through the De-partment of Veterans Affairs. That is why, after the State work period, we will be taking up a bipartisan bill re-ported out of committee just yesterday that will enhance accountability at the VA, improve the care veterans receive, and empower the VA with the tools necessary to remove employees who are failing to perform at the high-qual-ity level our Nation’s heroes richly de-serve. Importantly, this bill—the De-partment of Veterans Affairs Account-ability and Whistleblower Protection Act—will build on progress we have al-ready made with the 2014 Veterans Ac-cess, Choice, and Accountability Act. We know that many challenges re-main in ensuring that veterans have access to the care they need and de-serve at the VA, but this legislation will further improve our ability to meet our commitment to them. I ap-preciate Chairman I
SAKSON for his con-tinued efficacy on behalf of our vet-erans, as well as Senator R
UBIO for his leadership on this critical legislation. I look forward to the full Senate taking up the bill and passing it soon. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE COMMON-WEALTH OF KENTUCKY’S 225th ANNIVERSARY Mr. M
CCONNELL. One final matter, Mr. President. Next week on June 1, the Commonwealth of Kentucky will celebrate the 225th anniversary of its admittance as a State into the Union. Originally part of Virginia known as the Kentucky County, it became the 15th State of this Nation in 1792. So today I rise to celebrate my home State of Kentucky, the Commonwealth of Kentucky, a place the Native Amer-ican Wyandot Nation called the ‘‘land of tomorrow.’’ Once considered the far western fron-tier, Kentucky has developed into a State with diverse industries, a strong heritage, and international promi-nence. When you think about my home State, many things follow as distinctly Kentuckian. The natural beauty of our mountains, farmlands, and riverways foster deep love. Blessed with fertile land and an abundance of coal, Ken-tucky’s cultural heritage has developed in both the fields and the mines. The proud tradition of the Commonwealth includes bourbon and basketball, but also pioneers, statesmen, artists, schol-ars, and athletes. From the days of Daniel Boone’s he-roic exploration through the Cum-berland Gap, Kentucky has been home to numerous courageous men and women. The trailblazing spirit has ani-mated Kentuckians from all walks of life throughout the generations. A pio-neer of abdominal surgery, Ephraim McDowell expanded the boundaries of medical science. Tori Murden McClure rowed across the Atlantic Ocean as the first American and first woman to brave the waters alone. Responsible for a world famous fried chicken recipe, Colonel Harland Sanders franchised his store at the age of 62 and taught us all that it is never too late to chase our passion. Acclaimed news anchor Diane Sawyer, born in Glasgow, began her ca-reer as a weather forecaster in Louis-ville. Muhammad Ali, an international sports legend, became a global ambas-sador for peace. The Commonwealth has given rise to statesmen who have defended the Union, protected our liberties, and rep-resented Kentucky values. Leaders like Henry Clay, Abraham Lincoln, and Alben Barkley each left an indelible imprint on the history of our Nation. Civil rights icon Georgia Powers fought against racial injustice in our State, inspired Kentucky to open public ac-commodations, and was the first Afri-can American to serve in the Kentucky State Senate. Kentucky’s poets, musicians, and ac-tors have garnered international ac-claim for their craft. Jesse Stuart’s poems and short stories captured the beauty of Kentucky’s mountains, and Pulitzer Prize winning author Robert Penn Warren described the unbreak-able link between poetry and democ-racy. The National Quilt Museum in Paducah is a global center of creativity and tourism. Kentucky is also home to music legends and Grammy Award win-ners like Loretta Lynn and Chris Stapleton and the birthplace of enter-tainment stars such as Jennifer Law-rence, George Clooney, and Johnny Depp. In the world’s greatest college bas-ketball rivalry between the University 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.001 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3161 May 25, 2017 
of Louisville and the University of Kentucky, legendary coaches and un-forgettable players have, for decades, kept fans on the edges of their seats until the final buzzer. For over 140 years, the Kentucky Derby has been known as a mile and a quarter that makes champions and brings the eyes of the world to Louisville. I am exceptionally proud to represent Kentucky in the U.S. Senate, and I am forever grateful to the people of my home State for giving me the oppor-tunity to do just that. Kentucky has a distinguished history, and I am con-fident that trailblazers and pioneers from across the Bluegrass State will continue to make it the land of tomor-row. It is my honor to call the Com-monwealth my home, and I look for-ward to celebrating this 225th anniver-sary next week. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will proceed to executive ses-sion to resume consideration of the Thapar nomination, which the clerk will report. The assistant bill clerk read the nomination of Amul R. Thapar, of Ken-tucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic whip. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I rise in opposition to the nomination of Judge Amul Thapar to serve on the Sixth Cir-cuit Court of Appeals. Judge Thapar is President Trump’s first nominee to serve on a Federal ap-peals court. Last week, the Senate Ju-diciary Committee considered this nomination and no Democrat voted for it. Judge Thapar is on the list of 21 can-didates that the Federalist Society and Heritage Foundation have selected for President Donald Trump to choose from when filling Supreme Court va-cancies. Judge Thapar is well known to the Federalist Society. He was a member of that organization prior to becoming a district court judge, and since he be-came a judge he has spoken at Fed-eralist Society events 17 times. Some of my colleagues on the Repub-lican side are like Captain Renault in Casablanca, who claimed he was ‘‘shocked, shocked’’ to find out there was gambling going on in Rick’s Cafe. They are shocked that anyone could be concerned about the Federalist So-ciety, which they claim is just a simple debate club. Far from it—consider the following background. The organization was founded in 1982 by students at two law schools, Yale and the University of Chicago, under the faculty supervision of Robert Bork and Antonin Scalia, who just happen to be the two most prominent conserv-ative legal scholars of their generation. According to a recent article about the Federalist Society by Jeffrey Toobin: ‘‘within just a few years, the group was embraced and funded by a number of powerful, wealthy conserv-ative organizations, which eventually included foundations associated with John Olin, Lynde and Harry Bradley, Richard Scaife, and the Koch Broth-ers.’’ The Federalist Society’s website in-cludes the group’s purpose statement. It claims that the legal profession is: ‘‘currently strongly dominated by a form of orthodox liberal ideology which advocates a centralized and uni-form society.’’ The statement describes the Fed-eralist Society as a group of conserv-atives and libertarians calling for: ‘‘re-ordering priorities within the legal sys-tem,’’ to fit their principles. Does that sound like the mission statement of a nonpartisan debate society? How has the Federalist Society gone about this reordering? It’s been largely the work of Mr. Leonard Leo, the long-time executive vice president of the Federalist Society who is currently serving as an advisor to the Trump White House. Mr. Leo has been credited with being a driving force behind the Supreme Court nominations of Justice Neil Gorsuch, Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Samuel Alito. That is one- third of the current Supreme Court that he has helped put in place. Mr. Leo recently gave a speech where he said: ‘‘I’ve seen that comment about the third of the Supreme Court. I pre-fer controlling interests. But we haven’t quite been able to launch a hostile takeover yet.’’ Mr. Leo went on to advocate for rad-ical change, saying: ‘‘I would love to see the courts unrecognizable.’’ He has said of the judicial confirmation proc-ess: ‘‘it’s like war.’’ In an unprecedented move, President Trump outsourced the selection of Su-preme Court candidates to Mr. Leo, the Federalist Society, and the right-wing Heritage Foundation. He publicly thanked these special interest groups for putting together his list of 21 Su-preme Court candidates, and Mr. Leo was the first person to call Neil Gorsuch about his nomination. As Jeffrey Toobin wrote, Leonard Leo: ‘‘knew how to play the game—how to find a nominee who met Trump’s ideological requirements as well as his own, while observing the proprieties expected for judicial nominees.’’ Mr. Leo told Mr. Toobin that it was: ‘‘easy’’ to find these nominees because: ‘‘when you’ve been working in this vineyard for twenty-five years you know everybody.’’ That brings us back to Judge Thapar. Leonard Leo, and the big money right-wing interests that fund the Fed-eralist Society, feel that they know Judge Thapar well enough to include him on the list of 21. They have had plenty of opportunity to get a sense of his views, as Judge Thapar had been a member of the Fed-eralist Society and has frequently spo-ken at their events. At his hearing and in my questions to him, I sought reassurance from Judge Thapar that he would be independent from this right-wing group and Presi-dent Trump. His answers did not provide that re-assurance. For example, I asked Judge Thapar whether he agreed or disagreed with the Federalist Society’s purpose state-ment. He ducked the question, saying he didn’t know what the Federalist So-ciety meant by the statement. I asked him if he thought it was ap-propriate for the President to delegate his Supreme Court selection process to the Federalist Society and Heritage Foundation, since this creates incen-tive for judges not to contravene the views of those organizations and their big-money donors. He ducked again, saying he would not opine on this be-cause he claimed it was a ‘‘political question.’’ In the aftermath of Citizens United, special interest groups pour dark money into campaigns in support of Republican judicial nominees like Judge Thapar. I asked Judge Thapar if he would discourage secret donations in support of his nomination. After all, if we don’t know who is se-cretly donating in support of his nomi-nation, how will we know when Judge Thapar needs to recuse himself because one of those donors has an interest in a case he is considering? He dodged that question too, saying he wasn’t aware of any donations about his nomination. Of course, he wouldn’t be aware of secret donations—that’s the problem. I also asked him about the original understanding of the Constitution’s Emoluments Clause. He said he could not discuss it because there is pending litigation on the matter. That is curious, because I thought the Federalist Society’s view was that the original meaning of constitutional provisions was immutable and un-changing. If the meaning of the Con-stitution doesn’t change, why do Fed-eralist Society nominees decline to tell us this meaning when there is litiga-tion underway affecting President Trump? I asked Judge Thapar about his deci-sion in Winter v. Wolnitzek. This was a major campaign finance decision in which he applied strict scrutiny to in-validate a ban on judges making polit-ical contributions. A unanimous Sixth Circuit panel reversed his ruling. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.001 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3162 May 25, 2017 
A group of 24 campaign finance re-form organizations sent a letter say-ing: ‘‘Judge Thapar embraced the trou-bling ‘money is speech’ paradigm in a radical way that goes beyond Supreme Court doctrine.’’ These groups oppose his confirmation, and I ask unanimous consent to have their letter printed in the R
ECORD at the conclusion of my re-marks. Given Judge Thapar’s evasiveness on questions about his views, I am left to judge him on his record, such as his troubling decision in the Winter case, and the fact that the Federalist Soci-ety and Heritage Foundation hand-picked him for their judicial wish list. I need more reassurance than that to support a nominee for a lifetime ap-pointment on the Federal court of ap-peals. I will oppose his nomination. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MAY17, 2017. S
ENATE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE , Washington, DC. D
EARSENATORS : We the undersigned orga-nizations write to oppose the confirmation of Judge Amul Thapar to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit due to his troubling record on the issue of money in politics. We are deeply concerned with the power of wealthy campaign donors in American poli-tics, and specifically with the aggressive role the U.S. courts have played in undermining our democracy by elevating the voices of a wealthy few over the views of everyday Americans. Much of the problem can be attributed to four decades of flawed Supreme Court rul-ings. These decisions have twisted the mean-ing of the First Amendment and prevented our elected representatives and the people from enacting reasonable protections against big money. In fact, nearly half of the money in the 2016 federal elections—more than $3 billion—can be directly tied to a few of the Court’s most damaging rulings. What concerns us about Judge Thapar’s record is that he has gone beyond the Su-preme Court’s directives in his antagonism towards basic rules designed to ensure we have a government that is of, by and for the people. In Winter v. Wolnitzek, 186 F.3d 673 (E.D. Ky. 2016), Judge Thapar struck down a prohi-bition on judges making political contribu-tions by applying strict scrutiny to this con-tribution ban, in spite of the fact that the Supreme Court has been clear that contribu-tion limits and bans are to be reviewed under a lower form of scrutiny. The Sixth Circuit overturned Judge Thapar’s ruling on this point and reinstated the contribution ban. Further, Judge Thapar embraced the trou-bling ‘‘money is speech’’ paradigm in a rad-ical way that goes beyond Supreme Court doctrine, writing ‘‘there is simply no dif-ference between ‘saying’ that one supports an organization by using words and ‘saying’ that one supports an organization by donat-ing money.’’ Sen. Whitehouse pointed out in Judge Thapar’s Senate Judiciary Committee hear-ing that ‘‘those of us who are in politics know that that is a false statement, that it is indeed a preposterous statement factually because money has a completely different ef-fect than speech once it enters the political arena.’’ The Supreme Court itself does not treat fi-nancial contributions as being equal to ac-tual speech. Rather, the Court considers con-tributing to a campaign a form of associa-tion or attenuated speech since the contrib-utor does not control the content of the com-munication resulting from the contribution. If Judge Thapar had his way, wealthy do-nors and special interests could be able to give unlimited sums of money directly to candidates for office. Thapar would make it even harder than it is now for everyday peo-ple to be heard and affect who runs for office, who wins elections, and what issues get at-tention; and easier for powerful politicians to make secret wink and nod deals with their richest contributors. Judge Thapar’s responses to questioning on the subject during his hearing and in sub-sequent ‘‘questions for the record’’ did noth-ing to allay our concerns. In response to Sen. Klobuchar’s questions about why he applied strict scrutiny to the contribution ban, for example, Judge Thapar struggled to explain why he assumed (without analysis) that the same standard should apply to contributions as to solicitations. The role of big money in politics became a central issue in the debate over Justice Neil Gorsuch’s confirmation to the U.S. Supreme Court because the public cares deeply about this issue. To ensure that all voices are heard, not just those of powerful corpora-tions and wealthy donors, it is essential that we confirm judges and justices who under-stand that the Constitution gives we the peo-ple the power to protect our democracy from big money. Unfortunately, Judge Amul Thapar does not appear to see our pro-democracy Con-stitution as the vast majority of Americans do—and for this reason we urge you to op-pose his confirmation to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Sincerely, American Federation of Teachers, Ameri-cans for Democratic Action, Center for American Progress, Center for Emergent Di-plomacy, Class Action, Communications Workers of America, CODEPINK, Democracy Spring, Demos, End Citizens United, Every Voice, Free Speech for People, Friends of the Earth, Just Foreign Policy, Maplight, MAY-DAY, National Association of Social Work-ers, Participatory Politics Foundation, Peo-ple for the American Way, PeopleNow.org, Reverb Press, Small Planet Institute, United for Democracy, Voices for Progress. 
HEALTHCARE LEGISLATION  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I would like to address the comments that were made by the Republican majority lead-er about the issue of healthcare. What he said today I have never heard him say before. He said it was the fault of the Democrats for refusing to work with the Republicans to change the Af-fordable Care Act. I had not heard that before. I find it an interesting suggestion be-cause what happened after the House of Representatives passed a measure 3 weeks ago to change the healthcare system in America, the issue then came to the Senate but did not go through the regular order of business. It is my understanding—and has been reported widely in the press—that Sen-ator M
CCONNELL , the Republican lead-er, assembled a group of 13 Republican Senators who have been meeting in pri-vate over the last 3 weeks to discuss an alternative to the healthcare bill that passed in the House of Representatives. There are no Democrats in that room. None have been invited. Incidentally, there are no women in that room from the Republican side—13 male Senators meeting in private. So to hear this suggestion from the Republican leader that the real prob-lem they are running into is that the Democrats are not helping, we were not invited to this party. They are meeting privately to come up with something, and I don’t know what it might be, but I have an idea of how we can achieve a bipartisan real effort when it comes to healthcare in Amer-ica. I would suggest we create a com-mittee in the Senate. I have a name for it, the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee. I suggest we have 12 Republicans and 11 Democrats on that committee. I suggest they sit down, take the bill sent by the House, and improve it, make it better. Now, this suggestion is such a good one that the committee already exists. It is under the chairmanship of LAMAR ALEXANDER —whom I respect personally very much—and the ranking member, P
ATTY MURRAY of the State of Washington, a Democrat. I know, hav-ing spoken to Senator M
URRAY , she is ready to roll up her sleeves and go to work to write a revision to the healthcare bill, the healthcare system in America. There have been no hearings, none, on the measure passed by the House of Representatives. So when the Repub-lican leader says he wishes the Demo-crats would join in the effort, this com-mittee is ready and willing to work. I am sure, if he picked up the phone and called Senator A
LEXANDER and Senator M
URRAY , they could get to work on doing a much better job than what the House of Representatives did. Why am I so critical of the House of Representatives? Not because of the traditional rivalry between the Cham-bers, but because yesterday the Con-gressional Budget Office took a look at the bill that passed the U.S. House of Representatives 3 weeks ago by two votes. It was all Republicans voting for it. It passed by two. A number of Re-publicans refused to support it. It had no support from the Democratic side. It was an unusual bill because it went out of the regular order of busi-ness. The regular order of business sug-gests that when you are going to do something that might have an im-pact—a large impact—on America, you should go to an agency that is a non-partisan, expert in the field, that will analyze your bill and tell you what im-pact it will have. Most of us think we have pretty good ideas for making America a better place to live and good ideas for legislation. Luckily, we have something called the Congressional Budget Office, which sometimes brings us back down to Earth and says: It might not work ex-actly as you thought it would work. Traditionally, bills—significant bills that affect a lot of Americans and fam-ilies and things important like healthcare—they are submitted to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.002 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3163 May 25, 2017 
Congressional Budget Office so they can analyze them and decide the im-pact they will have. Well, 3 weeks ago, Speaker P
AUL R
YAN and Republicans in the House said something I had not heard before in my service in Congress. They said: We are not going to wait for this anal-ysis. We are going to vote on this bill even before the Congressional Budget Office has a chance to analyze its im-pact. Remember, we are talking about changing the healthcare system in America, and that literally impacts every single American. It is one-sixth of our Nation’s economy. You would think, before anyone was bold enough to suggest they wanted to change the system, they would at least send their proposal to the Congressional Budget Office for an analysis. The Republicans in the House failed to do so, refused to do so, passed the measure by two votes, and sent it to the Senate. So, yesterday, the Congressional Budget Office completed its analysis. Now that we have an analysis of what is known as TrumpCare or the Repub-lican healthcare approach, it is pretty clear why they did not want the Con-gressional Budget Office to take a look at it. This is what the Congressional Budget Office reported publicly last night: Next year, under the Republican proposal for healthcare reform, 14 mil-lion Americans will lose their health insurance. Over the next 10 years, 23 million Americans will lose their health insurance. Do you remember when we started this conversation? The goal was to make sure we changed the laws in America so more Americans would have the protection of health insur-ance. Just the opposite occurs if the Republican plan goes forward. The sec-ond thing we were looking for is a goal in healthcare reform to reduce the growth, the rate of growth, in health insurance premiums. Every one of us knows what that is all about. Health insurance premiums have been going up way too high for way too long. The Republicans have been critical of the current system, saying the cost of health insurance is going up too fast. So they put in their reform proposal which passed the House of Representatives. Here is what the Congressional Budg-et Office had to say about the Repub-lican approach: Next year, premiums for health insurance will increase by 20 percent in the individual market. That is the market where we have seen this dramatic growth in costs already, and the Republican plan makes it worse. The third thing we find is this argu-ment by the Republicans that somehow the current healthcare system in America, the Affordable Care Act, is in a death spiral. Listen to what the Con-gressional Budget Office said about the health insurance market in America today. The CBO affirms that under cur-rent law, marketplaces—health insur-ance marketplaces—are stable. However, under the Republican re-peal bill, one out of every six Ameri-cans will be living in parts of this country where the individual market would become unstable as a result of the Republican bill. So instead of stabi-lizing the market and ending the so- called death spiral, the Republican bill makes it worse. It turns out that when you take a close look at this so-called death spi-ral, you find the Republicans have their hands around the throats of the healthcare system of America choking it and claiming this patient is not looking good, Doctor. If they would stop their efforts to sabotage the cur-rent system and work to improve it and make it stronger, then we could save health insurance for a lot of Americans and bring stability to the system. The Republican bill at its heart is not about a healthcare bill, though, it is about tax cuts. The Republican pro-posal for healthcare reform starts with eliminating almost $900 billion in taxes paid by the wealthiest people in Amer-ica. By taking $900 billion out of the healthcare system, they are unable to keep health insurance alive for so many Americans. The Republican ap-proach eliminates $834 billion in the Federal Medicaid Program. What is the Federal Medicaid Program? Let me give you three examples of what it is. In Illinois today, half of the babies who are born are paid for—their med-ical care is paid for by the Medicaid system: prenatal care for mom so the baby is healthy, the delivery of the baby, and postnatal care afterward. These are lower income individuals. Half of them are paid for by Medicaid today, but that is not the most expen-sive part of Medicaid. The most expensive part of Medicaid is for your mom and dad and your grandmother and grandfather who are in a nursing home and have no savings left. All they have is Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid. That is the most expensive part of Medicaid. Those who are disabled living in my State, in Alabama, in New York, and other States—disabled people and low-in-come people need medical care and they rely on Medicaid. So when the Republican healthcare reform and repeal cuts $800 billion-plus out of Medicaid, it is at the expense of the groups I just mentioned: babies and moms, elderly people in nursing homes, and the disabled. Those are the ones who will see a cutback in medical serv-ices so we can give a $900 billion tax cut to the wealthiest people in Amer-ica. I know the Democratic leader is here. I want to yield the floor when he ar-rives, but I want to close by telling a story. Yesterday, I had three moms and a dad who brought their children to a press conference. It was a great press conference, if I may say so. These kids stole the show, as they should. Each one of them—each one of them had a compelling story about having survived a terrible illness. Many of them were cancer victims. Moms told stories. One mom said: I was changing my little girl, and I no-ticed a lump in her abdomen. It turned out to be a neuroblastoma cancer tumor. It was removed. My little girl spent weeks, months in the hospital, and she is still going back. Each one of them told a story. As you looked at these kids, smiling and happy and bouncing around, you thought to yourself: Thank goodness. Thank goodness for America, with its great medical care, and thank goodness these families had health insurance— because they were there concerned about what the Republicans are doing when it comes to preexisting condi-tions. Because these kids have survived cancer, they are risky from an insur-ance viewpoint. We decided 6 years ago to put an end to that worry for these families. You cannot discriminate against a person or a family in Amer-ica based on a preexisting condition— thank goodness—because one out of three of us have a preexisting condi-tion. The Republican approach takes away that protection and says Gov-ernors can ask for a waiver so health insurance in their State can discrimi-nate against people with preexisting conditions. So three moms and a dad came yes-terday and said: Please stop this Re-publican plan. What will our families do? Our kids have preexisting condi-tions. We cannot afford to see our pre-miums go through the roof because the Republicans withdraw this protection. That is the real-life consequence of this debate. This is not just about a lot of politicians on Capitol Hill blowing hot air. It is about families—real fami-lies with real kids and real challenges and whether they are going to have real protection when they need it. The Congressional Budget Office yes-terday came out with a report and said the measure that passed the House, the Republican measure, is a disaster for families across America. We have to stop it. We have to do everything in our power to do it. I might say to my friend from New York, the Democratic leader, that when the Republican lead-er came to the floor this morning and said: Why won’t the Democrats join us in repairing the Affordable Care Act? I say to the Republican leader: Open the door of that room where you have 13 male Republican Senators sitting down and debating the future of healthcare. Open the door, open the windows, and let’s have an honest, open, bipartisan conversation not about repealing our healthcare system but making it stronger, protecting the very families who showed up yesterday at a press conference and whom I am going to re-member for a long time. I yield the floor. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The minority leader is recog-nized. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.004 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3164 May 25, 2017 
HEALTHCARE LEGISLATION  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, first, let me thank my good friend from Illi-nois for, as usual, his articulate, com-passionate, and outstanding work and for the great job he and others did yes-terday when they invited the people here. I reiterate just what the Senator from Illinois stated; that is, once they take repeal off the table—they are hav-ing real trouble with repeal—we want to sit down and make our healthcare system better. It is not perfect. No one thought it was. It is better than it was. Many more people are covered. Preexisting condi-tions, college kids—kids get out of col-lege, and they get healthcare. All of that is better. We don’t want to get rid of everything, but we want to improve it. We are working. Forty-eight Sen-ators, as my colleague from Illinois knows—every Democrat signed a letter to Leader M
CCONNELL saying we want to work with you to improve this sys-tem, not to sabotage the existing sys-tem, not to repeal the good things we have but to improve it. And we have gotten no answer in that regard. 
TRIBUTE TO BILL DAUSTER  
Mr. President, I have just a few words first about Bill Dauster, some-one who has labored long and hard and well in this body. We depend on our hard-working staff. I am so blessed to have such a great, dedicated, loyal, hard-working, smart staff. One of their best traits is that they are not afraid to tell me when they think I am off base, and it helps keep things going right. Well, Bill Dauster was one of the great staffers I have met in all the years I have been here in the Senate. He worked, of course, for Harry Reid, my dear friend. He is now working for Senator V
ANHOLLEN , but he will be re-tiring tomorrow. Now, Bill was Leader Reid’s deputy chief of staff for policy for many years. Before that he worked for the Budget Committee, the Finance Committee, and for Senator Feingold of Wisconsin. The list of legislation that Bill has worked on is long and illustrious. He was known as a great friend and men-tor to his colleagues wherever he went. In Reid’s office, he was jokingly called ‘‘the butler’’ because he was con-stantly trying to help other members of the staff. Senator Reid’s staffers fondly remember Bill Dauster during the final days of the debt ceiling nego-tiations, running in and out of Senator Reid’s office as he rushed to go meet with younger staffers on the Hill who were sent to him for advice. Even on his busiest days, Bill made time for others. In an industry in which many rub shoulders and network after work, Bill was a different kind of guy. He was known to give the same response to any coworker who asked him to come to a social event. He would repeat: I love you, but I love my family more, and I need to be home with them. He was so dedicated to his family, we heard. He would regale us with many stories about them. He came up with great ideas. He was a great sounding board for me. So on behalf of all of us in the Sen-ate, we want to thank Bill for his long service to the Senate, for his role in crafting legislation over three decades, and for his mentorship to other Senate aides, old and young. He is retiring, but his influence in this body will last long after he has left. We all wish him well in this next phase of life, where, hopefully, he will be able to spend more time where he enjoys it the most—at home with his family. TRUMPCARE  
Mr. President, another matter— healthcare. Yesterday, the Congres-sional Budget Office, led by a Director who was handpicked by current HHS Secretary Tom Price, Donald Trump’s appointee, released its analysis of the House Republican healthcare bill— TrumpCare. The report makes clear that TrumpCare would be a cancer on the American healthcare system—causing costs to skyrocket, making coverage unaffordable for many seniors and those with preexisting conditions, all the while leaving 23 million fewer Americans with health insurance. Now, when people hear this, they say: Why would the Republicans want to do it? That just seems mean-spirited. Well, I will tell you why: because their No. 1 goal is to give a tax break for the wealthiest of Americans. People mak-ing above $250,000 pay an additional charge to help everyone else with healthcare on their unearned income— not on what they do when they are working, but on stocks, bonds, and in-vestments. The No. 1 goal of our col-leagues across the aisle, sadly, is to help those very rich people get even richer. Now, to do that, they have to take away people’s healthcare. To get the money for those tax breaks, they take away people’s healthcare. So the bot-tom line is very simple: Unless you are a healthy millionaire, TrumpCare is a nightmare. I think that is why our Re-publican colleagues are having such trouble putting together their own bill, because, as Senator D
URBIN has noted, they have excluded us from their nego-tiations. Well, the CBO report ought to be a final nail in the coffin of the Repub-lican effort to sabotage our healthcare system. Republicans in Washington and the President should read the re-port cover to cover, throw their bill in the trash can, and begin working with Democrats on a real plan to lower costs and improve care. There is a lot to unpack in this re-port. It came out late yesterday. So I want to focus on a couple of provisions this morning. First, on health insurance costs, the CBO report makes clear that premiums under this bill are headed up in the next several years. Consumers would see their premiums increase by 20 per-cent for next year’s plans. Now, Repub-licans will crow about premiums going down in the outer years—years away. But the decrease in premiums occurs for only one reason: The quality of the insurance will plummet. If you have a barebones plan that hardly helps you, where you have to pay huge deductibles, huge copayments, and huge premiums and it covers next to nothing, of course, the cost will even-tually go down. What good is that? Why even talk about that kind of healthcare? People don’t need it and don’t want it. Cheaper insurance isn’t going to help anyone if it doesn’t actu-ally lead to the healthcare people need. Listen to this one. Older Americans— everyone in America 50 to 64 who doesn’t have a lot of income, making say $25,000 a year—TrumpCare is going to force you to pinch pennies just to be able to afford health insurance. The CBO report says that some seniors could see their premiums go up a whop-ping 800 percent under this bill. In one of the newspaper articles I saw, I think the senior citizen was in his early sixties. They were making about $25,000 or $30,000 a year—not un-usual for a senior of that age—and their premiums went up from $1,700 to $13,000. How are you going to vote for that, my friends, telling these people who have worked hard their whole lives that they have to pay a lot more and a lot of that money is going to wealthy people for a tax cut? What about out-of-pocket expenses? By the way, out-of-pocket expenses really bother people. How many of us have heard over and over again: I have healthcare, and, when I went to the doctor, they said: You, first, have to lay out $5,000. How many of us have heard that? Everybody. The Republican bill makes it worse. According to the CBO report, out-of- pocket costs could balloon for vital services in States where they decline to cover essential health benefits. Americans could be paying thousands of dollars more every year if they need maternity care or programs that treat substance abuse or mental health serv-ices. Listen to this one. According to re-ports, in States that elect not to in-clude maternity care, which every State could elect to do under the Re-publican bill—and many will—insurers would most likely sell maternity bene-fits as an add-on at $1,000 a month— $17,000 more in total. Under TrumpCare, women may well have to pay more—much more insurance—just because they are a woman, because of pregnancy. So costs go up, up, up. If, God forbid, this bill becomes law and costs go up, any citizen of this country should go to their Senators who voted for this and say: What the heck did you do? You made it worse. Now, uncertainty in the market is the second issue. The CBO report con-firms that the Republican attempts to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.005 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3165 May 25, 2017 
repeal the Affordable Care Act and the Trump administration’s refusal to guarantee to continue making cost- sharing payments is causing the insta-bility in the market. Here is what the report says. Now, this is the report put out by the Repub-lican-appointed head of the CBO. So this is not some Democratic propa-ganda-type document. These are ‘‘just the facts, ma’am,’’ as Mr. Friday said. Here is what the report says: ‘‘Substan-tial uncertainty about the enforcement of the individual mandate and about future payments of the cost-sharing subsidies’’ have led insurers to with-draw from the current marketplace. AHIP—that is the biggest organiza-tion of our Nation’s insurers, the insur-ance companies; they are non-partisan—said the same thing. Why, if our colleagues want more people to stay in the market and are complaining that people are leaving the market, don’t we come together— hopefully, with the President, who thinks that he could do this on his own—and say: We are going to make this cost-sharing permanent. We all know insurers want certainty in the fu-ture or they pull out. That is what the insurance business is all about. Yet, grudgingly, one little step at a time, they don’t take away the cost-sharing because they know the damage it would do—this is President Trump— but they are afraid to make it perma-nent and that causes problems. So there is only one word for what the President is doing and our Repub-lican colleagues are doing when it comes to the present healthcare sys-tem—sabotage. If our Republican friends continue to allow the President to play coy about these cost-sharing payments—which bring premiums down, which bring costs for average citizens down—as a potential threat, if we don’t make cost sharing permanent, the system will deteriorate. Again, it will be on the President’s back, on our colleagues’ backs. I hate to say that, but those are the facts. We want to make it permanent. We tried to put it in the appropriations bill, to make it permanent, which would have kept costs low or kept peo-ple in the exchanges. Our colleagues said no. Finally, as to preexisting conditions, the CBO report states: 
People who are less healthy would ulti-mately be unable to purchase comprehensive non-group health insurance at premiums comparable to those under current law, if they could purchase it at all. 
Let me repeat the last part of the CBO report written by an appointee of our Republican head of HHS: ‘‘if they could purchase it at all.’’ Think about that for a minute. Under TrumpCare, if you have a pre-existing condition, if you are sick, your health insurance costs could go up so high that you can’t afford insurance. Before the new healthcare law passed under President Obama, how many of us heard from families: My daughter has cancer, but the insurance company won’t cover me, or I got kicked off and I have to watch her suffer because I can’t afford the treatment, the pay-ments. It is horrible, heart-wrenching. It is going back to those days under this bill, unfortunately. This report ought to be the final nail in the coffin of the Republican effort to sabotage our healthcare system. It will make much more certain that sick peo-ple are priced out of insurance compa-nies, that the most vulnerable are left high and dry when they need care the most, when there is an illness in the family. Is that the sort of healthcare system our colleagues envision for this coun-try? When you are sick, when one of your family members is sick, is that when they are not allowed to give you healthcare? What in the heck do you have it for? I certainly hope that is not the idea on the other side of the aisle, but this bill that the House passed would do it. In conclusion, the nonpartisan score-keepers have spoken loudly and clear-ly—no ambiguity. TrumpCare means higher costs and less care for the American people, the average Amer-ican. Let’s not lose sight of what is at stake here. The health and well-being of the American people is on the line. There are life-and-death consequences for so many millions of people. They are relying on us to get this right. So for the good of the country, Presi-dent Trump and our Republican col-leagues should abandon TrumpCare, stop sabotaging the healthcare system, and work with Democrats—we are waiting—to fix our healthcare system, not pull it from under them. MEMORIAL DAY  
Mr. President, finally, I have one more note. It is Memorial Day. I want to take a moment to express my deep and abiding gratitude for the men and women in our armed services who gave their last full measure of devotion in defense of our Nation and our liberty. In big cities and small towns throughout America and in my home State of New York, we will honor our fallen veterans and pay tribute to them. We will give a hug to the Gold Star moms who have made the ulti-mate sacrifice. May we never forget their sacrifice so that we may enjoy the blessings of freedom. Since the founding of this country, since the farmers on Bunker Hill put down their plows and took up muskets, Americans have been willing to make that ultimate sacrifice for our great way of life, our freedom. May we never forget them. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). The Senator from Connecticut. 
RUSSIAN INVESTIGATION  
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I join my colleague from New York in expressing the special respect and pas-sion that we all feel in honoring this great holiday that remembers the serv-ice and sacrifice of great Americans, to make sure we sustain and preserve and enhance our democracy. Part of that democracy is indeed the rule of law, as well as protecting the institutions that make us great as a Nation, including our elections system and its integrity. Today should also be a time to ob-serve and commemorate the continued respect for the law that makes us great. Part of that respect was dem-onstrated recently when the Deputy Attorney General appointed a special counsel to investigate possible coordi-nation between the Trump administra-tion and the Presidential campaign with the Russians as they interfered with those democratic institutions. Make no mistake, there is consensus and unanimity in the intelligence com-munity, and more broadly among us in this body, that the Russians purpose-fully and relentlessly interfered in the 2016 election through a cyber attack on this Nation. In my view, it was an act of cyber warfare. The questions now are who and how in the Trump team may have colluded with the Russians in that illegal, out-rageous activity and, indeed, whether there has been obstruction of justice since then. Mounting evidence indi-cates that there has been. I have joined many of my colleagues in praising the appointment of a spe-cial prosecutor because it is vitally necessary for a fair and impartial, as well as aggressive, investigation. The special prosecutor must follow the evi-dence wherever it leads, and I have confidence that Bob Mueller is the right person for this assignment. He has the grit and backbone to stand up to pressure. He has the prosecutorial experience and expertise to conduct a truly professional investigation. I called for a special prosecutor back in February. I was one of the first, if not the first, among our colleagues to do so because the conflicts of interest raised by the recusal of the Attorney General and the potential involvement of the Deputy led me to think that such an appointment was absolutely necessary. I now call on the President to sup-port this investigation. With the ut-most respect for the Office of the Presi-dent, it should be unnecessary to call for that cooperation and support. My hope was that the President would say as soon as the appointment occurred that he would indeed cooperate. But, instead, he has continued to charac-terize this investigation as a witch hunt and a charade. He has demeaned and disrespected it and indicated that, if anything, there will be less than full cooperation. That would be a grave dis-service to our democracy and to the American people. The integrity of our electoral system is bigger and more important than any single electoral contest or even any oc-cupant of the White House. It is about the freedom and independence of this Nation, something we cherish and cele-brate on this Memorial Day weekend. I urge President Trump to dem-onstrate his adherence to the rule of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.007 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3166 May 25, 2017 
law by cooperating and articulating fully his cooperation with this inves-tigation. I hope that not only Presi-dent Trump but all of his associates will do so and that they will provide whatever testimony and documents are necessary to complete this investiga-tion as quickly and effectively as pos-sible. I also believe that the Attorney Gen-eral of the United States owes the American people his adherence to the rule of law by committing himself to follow the guidelines that respect the press. Indeed, we would know very lit-tle, if anything, about many of the events that prompted the appointment of a special prosecutor without the free press reporting development after event after development that have led to this day. There are guidelines and regulations that protect the President against any kind of compulsory process or punish-ment. If there is punishment to be ac-corded to lawbreakers, the press should be recognized for the special role they have in our democracy and the special protections, the constitutional guar-antee they enjoy under the First Amendment. There are guidelines under 28 CFR 50.10 that provide legal guidance and regulations that should be observed, and I hope that the Attor-ney General will demonstrate in deed and word his adherence to those guide-lines rather than threatening to lock up reporters—as the President has un-fortunately done currently in conversa-tions with Director Comey—or pun-ishing them. Whatever the violations of govern-ment officials may be, there should be an articulate, clear, and explicit adher-ence to those regulations by the Attor-ney General. Let’s take a moment to go through where we are right now. Last July, after a disturbing series of reports suggesting the attempt by a foreign power to influence an American election, the Federal Government began to investigate the Russian Gov-ernment’s interference in the Presi-dential election. We learned just yesterday from a published report that this activity in-cluded conversations among Russian officials regarding how best to sway in-dividual Trump officials and that the FBI’s early handling of this matter may have been influenced by an unreli-able document traceable to Russian in-telligence—a form of interference in our justice system that is stunning. In December of 2016, U.S. intelligence officials concluded that the Russians had orchestrated the theft of electronic materials from the Democratic Na-tional Committee and John Podesta in an attempt to undermine Hillary Clin-ton’s Presidential campaign. The Obama administration responded by implementing sanctions on the Russian Government. Shortly after President Trump took office, Attorney General Sally Yates warned the White House that National Security Adviser Michael Flynn had lied to officials about discussing sanc-tions with the Russians and was vul-nerable to Russian blackmail. The White House waited 2
1⁄2weeks to take action and did so only after a March 9 Washington Post report and, in fact, days after Sally Yates’ warning, fired her. We also know that Director Comey was warned or asked—in fact, de-manded by President Trump that he pledge his loyalty and that he would be in jeopardy of losing his job if he did not. Shortly thereafter, the President clearly expressed to Director Comey his sense of that warning when he asked Director Comey to shut down, in effect, the Flynn investigation. As we all know, Director Comey resisted both of the President’s requests. In early March, following sharp criti-cism about his failure to disclose meet-ings with Russian officials under oath, Attorney General Jeff Sessions recused himself from the Department of Jus-tice investigations. Later that month, President Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, became the third high-ranking Trump administra-tion official caught misrepresenting potentially his ties to an admitted meeting with Russian officials from his security clearance application. On May 9, President Trump fired FBI Director James Comey, a stunning event amidst these unprecedented rev-elations. After clumsy and contra-dicting explanations seeking to ad-vance a false narrative that the firing was a result of Director Comey’s han-dling of the Hillary Clinton email mat-ter, the White House essentially aban-doned that conflicting series of stories, and President Trump admitted publicly that he was thinking about the FBI’s Russia investigation when he decided to fire Comey. He boasted the next day in his meeting with the Russian For-eign Minister that he felt greatly re-lieved of pressure resulting from that investigation. The New York Times has reported that Comey was seeking increased funding and resources to expand the Russia probe. The Times also subse-quently revealed that Director Comey had discussed with others and wrote memos detailing how President Trump asked him to pledge his loyalty and shut down the Federal investigation into Mr. Flynn. We must wait for all the facts to emerge, but even if only some of these reports are accurate, the conclusion is almost inescapable that the President of the United States fired the FBI Di-rector in an attempt to shut down the investigation into ties between his as-sociates, including Michael Flynn, and the Russian Government. The names of these associates have been well docu-mented—Paul Manafort, Roger Stone, Carter Page, as well as Michael Flynn. There is, unfortunately, more. Just in the past few days, additional dis-turbing facts and press reports have surfaced, including testimony by former CIA Director John Brennan be-fore the House Intelligence Committee. He said that before he left office, he be-came deeply concerned that Russian intelligence services were attempting to manipulate Trump associates to in-fluence the Presidential campaign. He noted that many Russian contacts of individuals linked to the Trump cam-paign emerged in those reports. The Washington Post reported that Comey had informed Congress about the FBI Russia investigation late in March and that Trump had asked Director of Na-tional Intelligence Daniel Coats and National Security Director Michael Rogers to push back on that investiga-tion—in effect, to clear the President— and deny Trump campaign collusion with the Russians. According to this report, both officials, to their credit, refused to do so. In the Armed Services Committee, I asked Director Coats whether he dis-cussed with Director Rogers any at-tempts by the administration to inter-fere with the investigation. He refused to answer—a pause and silence that spoke volumes. Revelation after revelation shakes our confidence in this administration’s truthfulness and confidence. This in-vestigation by the special prosecutor is vitally necessary. We must not lose sight of the damage that has already been done. These re-ports paint a deeply disturbing picture of possible obstruction, a mosaic pieced together by facts that show not only events and conversations but also mo-tives. After a series of these events and conversations, they can no longer be seen as isolated or accidental or inad-vertent. The cumulative effect, like threads in a fabric, is to establish a picture of motive, intent, mens rea, and criminal activity. Special Counsel Mueller must have the mandate and all of the funding and resources that he needs to follow the facts wherever they may lead—re-sources, independence—but also sup-port. That is why, again, I call on the ad-ministration to express its support and its intention to cooperate. This kind of investigation can mean the difference between the upholding of our democratic institutions and plac-ing them in jeopardy. Therefore, I urge that we as a body remain vigilant and continue the Judiciary Committee’s oversight, inquiry, and investigative activity so as to assure that we know the reasons then-FBI Director Comey was fired—we have that responsibility as a matter of oversight—and continue that kind of scrutiny in order to assure the independence and resources the special prosecutor needs. Likewise, the Intelligence Committee’s activities are absolutely necessary. Almost certainly, the special pros-ecutor will produce no report or elabo-rate public explanation. He will bring criminal charges if they are warranted by the evidence. He will seek convic-tions in court if those prosecutions are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.009 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3167 May 25, 2017 
justified under his finding. A report with recommendations and finding as to how we can avoid this kind of inter-ference with our democratic institu-tions in the future must be the work of the Intelligence Committee and of an independent commission, which I have supported. An independent, bipartisan commission can do the kind of public, transparent, vigorous, and independent work that is necessary, just in the way that we have done in the wake of other crises. I urge that we proceed on all of these fronts. They are vital to our democ-racy. They are an essential, inex-tricable part of freedom, the rule of law, and freedom of the press. I hope that the press will continue its unfettered use of its First Amendment freedom to give us the truth and to continue those reports that have brought us to this day, because the truth will be uncovered in the course of the criminal process. It will be uncov-ered by the Intelligence Committee and, hopefully, by an independent com-mission. The essential role of the free press in fostering government account-ability is recognized by existing regu-lations, and the Attorney General of the United States should leave no con-fusion that the Department of Justice will adhere to those regulations. Indeed, 28 CFR 50.10 recognizes the ‘‘essential role of the free press in fos-tering government accountability’’ and, therefore, sets parameters and procedures, for approval by the Attor-ney General of the United States, under standards that are set forth for any government action that may, in any way, inhibit or impede the press. We will probably never know the real impact of Russia’s intervention in the outcome of the 2016 election. These in-vestigations are not about assessing the impact. They are about deter-mining who participated criminally with the Russians in that interference. The American people deserve a thor-ough and impartial investigation into the Trump team’s ties to that inter-ference and the effort by President Trump and others to cover it up. In the wake of Watergate, the saying arose that the coverup was worse than the crime. It was then, and it would be worse—or at least as heinous—in the crime here. Make no mistake that the crime is, actually, a theft of our de-mocracy—an interference by the Rus-sians in our democratic institutions— which they will repeat if we do not make them pay a price and, likewise, if we do not make the Americans who co-operated with them pay a price as well. This principle is central to our democ-racy and our rule of law. In closing, I urge my colleagues to join me in calling for the cooperation of the Trump administration as well as for recognizing the importance of the investigation—its independence, its re-sources—for the free press and the rule of law. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. OPIOID CRISIS  
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I join my colleagues in speaking about the opioid crisis that has devastated families in States across the country. I thank my colleague, Senator M
ANCHIN , for organizing the speeches today. In my State, deaths from prescrip-tion drug abuse have now claimed the lives of more Minnesotans than have homicides or car crashes. We lost our beloved Prince because of an opioid overdose, which is still being inves-tigated. Just as importantly, we lost a student in Duluth and a mom in Roch-ester, MN—over 400 people in just the last year. We continue to see dangerous synthetic opioids shipped across our borders in increasing amounts—a trend that the U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection expects to continue, as we heard in a Judiciary Committee hear-ing last week. Today, I joined Senator P
ORTMAN in his subcommittee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs, and we talked about what is going on from that perspective as well. While there is more work to do to combat this epidemic, first, I recognize that we have made some meaningful progress on a bipartisan basis. We passed the CARA Act, which is some-thing that was led by Senators P
ORTMAN , W HITEHOUSE , A YOTTE , and me. We set a framework up for the Na-tion, and I look at it in three ways. The first way is that we have to do everything we can to prevent addic-tion. That means changing some of our prescription practices across the coun-try. Do you really need 30 pills when you get your wisdom teeth out? It is about asking those questions and changing those practices. The second thing would be to look at prescription drug monitoring. Senator P
ORTMAN and I have a bill that would make it mandatory for States to share their data across State borders. I found a guy in Moorhead, MN, through his rehab counselor, who had 108 different prescriptions for opioids from some-thing like 80 different doctors in 50 dif-ferent cities. He went from North Da-kota to South Dakota, to Minnesota, to Wisconsin. That is why sharing that data would greatly reduce that doctor shopping. I see here the Senator from Texas, Mr. C
ORNYN . Senator C ORNYN and I led a bill years ago to make it easier for people to throw away their leftover prescription drugs so they would not get in the hands of those who should not be taking them. Those are ideas for reducing that demand. Then you go to the next area, which, of course, is that of trying to reduce the illegal drugs from coming in, like with the STOP Act, which Senator P
ORTMAN and I introduced, making it harder to get these drugs in through the Postal Service, and doing more with law enforcement. By passing the SALTS Act, which is a bill that Sen-ator G
RAHAM and I introduced, it will make it easier for prosecutors—the Presiding Officer is a former pros-ecutor—to prove up cases with ana-logue drugs, which is when perpetra-tors basically take a substance, change it a little, and then say: Hey, it is a new drug. Then it makes it harder for the Feds to go after it, and you have to prove it up in court. So we are making some changes to our law to make it easier, especially in rural areas, where they are not going to be able to get a medical doctor in to prove up what the substance is in order to make it easier to prove these cases. These are all very good ideas, but what we are here to talk about today is the issue of the funding and what will happen if we do not have the funding for treatment. We did a good job with the Cures Act last December, in which we made $1 billion available over 2 years, as well as the work that was done on a bipartisan basis with the budget for the rest of the year. I con-sider those good signs. Unfortunately, the budget and the CBO score of the healthcare repeal bill that was released this week—the bill that came over from the House—shows us that we are at risk of working back-wards on this issue. According to the nonpartisan Con-gressional Budget Office, mental health and substance abuse benefits could be cut under the healthcare bill, which would increase out-of-pocket costs by thousands of dollars for those who need these vital services. This is on top of the $839 billion in cuts to Medicaid under the bill and additional cuts in the President’s budget of more than $600 billion to Medicaid and the Children’s Health Insurance Program, even though these programs cover 3 out of every 10 people who have an opioid addiction. This would be dev-astating for so many, if these budget cuts took effect. I would like to do more. I would, ac-tually, like to pass the LifeBOAT Act, which Senator MANCHIN introduced and I am a cosponsor. That would simply put an extra fee on some of these opioids so that the people who have been reaping the profits from these drugs would be helping to pay for the treatment. I think that is a great idea. Unfortunately, this budget takes us the other way. It eliminates programs that help rural communities build hospitals and get access to vital telemedicine serv-ices. It cuts critical medical research that is happening at the NIH—just when, at the end of last year, we added that money to the NIH’s funding. It was shown just in the last month that, with the budget for the rest of the year, we have continued that positive trend. The budget also doubles down on other cuts that would hurt small towns and rural communities, which would impact jobs and opportunities. It elimi-nates rural business programs, which have helped to create hundreds of thou-sands of jobs. It cuts rural housing pro-grams and infrastructure grants and loan programs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.011 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3168 May 25, 2017 
Altogether, these cuts not only threaten the progress we have made in fighting against the opioid crisis, but they also threaten the prosperity of the rural communities, which have been the hardest hit. We need a budget that helps and not hurts rural America. We have a lot of work to do. I appre-ciate, again, the work of our Demo-cratic and Republican colleagues in the Senate. As we have shown with the budget—from last month through the rest of this year—we have put some common sense in there and have done a good job and have gotten a lot of bipar-tisan support. My hope is that we will do the same thing here and make a smart budget and reject the one that has been proposed by this administra-tion and come up with something much better that helps and not hurts the peo-ple of our States. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority whip. 
HEALTHCARE LEGISLATION  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I want to spend a little bit of time today talk-ing about how badly ObamaCare is fail-ing the American people and how my Republican colleagues and I are work-ing to repeal and replace it with healthcare that works. I wish I could say that Democrats and Republicans were working together to replace it with healthcare that works. Unfortu-nately, our Democratic colleagues have taken a walk on this particular topic and, apparently, are not interested in participating. Even though 30 million Americans re-main uninsured under ObamaCare, the individual market—where people buy their health insurance if they do not have employer-provided coverage or government-provided coverage—is in a death spiral. This was confirmed by a study by the Department of Health and Human Services. It was also the sub-ject of a Wall Street Journal article today that makes the point that aver-age premiums in the individual market have increased 105 percent since 2013 in the 39 States in which the ObamaCare exchanges are federally run. This translates into $3,000 more out-of-pock-et for middle-class, hard-working fami-lies—a 105-percent increase in pre-miums since 2013. I dare anybody to say ObamaCare is working as it was intended. All one has to do is look back to President Obama’s very words, when he said: If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor; if you like your health in-surance policy, you can keep that. He also said: Oh, by the way, we are going to save you money too. A family of four will save $2,500 a year. Contrast that to the $3,000-a-year increase since 2013 in the individual market—a 105- percent increase. As I said earlier, this week the De-partment of Health and Human Serv-ices released a report that underscores the negative impact ObamaCare is hav-ing on families across the country. The report highlights the incredible in-crease in annual premium prices since ObamaCare took effect, and I mention that in the aggregate. Let’s look at places like Texas. In Texas, the average monthly premium jumped from $222 in 2013 to $404—about an 82-percent increase. If you are a young person buying health insurance, a young family or anybody, for that matter, spending $222 a month and it jumps 82 percent, to $404, that is a big bite out of your disposable income. That is pretty bad, there is no question about it, but Texas wasn’t close to being the hardest hit. For example, in Wisconsin, premiums have almost doubled. In Montana, they have gone up 133 percent. In some States, the premiums have actually tripled. As I said, the average indi-vidual premium has more than doubled in the 39 States using healthcare.gov— an increase of 105 percent since 2013. That is not the only problem with ObamaCare. This year, one in three counties across the United States have just one insurer on the ObamaCare ex-change. In other words, ObamaCare has gotten it so wrong that the risk pools are mainly people who are older and who need healthcare more, and many younger people—young, healthy people who are important in the risk pool to help bring premiums down for every-body—are simply taking a walk. This isn’t the mark of a healthcare law that is working for the American people or helping our country grow healthier. It is the mark of a law that is actually hurting families by giving them fewer options at a higher cost and failing to deliver on any promises. We wonder why people are cynical about their own government. Well, it is because of promises made and promises not kept, and ObamaCare—I have said it before and I will say it again—is one of the biggest examples of consumer fraud I have ever seen in my lifetime. We are talking about real-world con-sequences here. My colleagues on the other side of the aisle like to talk about how many people would be po-tentially hurt by repealing and replac-ing ObamaCare. Of course, that is pure-ly speculative. They are making it harder because they refuse to partici-pate in this process, but we are deter-mined to make sure we bring premiums down and make health insurance more affordable for those who want to buy it. Let me talk about concrete examples of people terribly affected by the ObamaCare healthcare law. One of my constituents wrote me a few weeks ago and said she and her husband got their insurance from her husband’s job, but since ObamaCare came into effect, their premiums have tripled, and she estimates their deductibles have dou-bled. What is also frightening is that her prescriptions have skyrocketed too. As an example, an inhaler that previously cost her $35 now costs al-most 10 times that amount—well over $300. Given the outrageous costs, this Texan decided to see if she could get a better deal on the exchange since her insurance costs kept going up and up and up. She said the deductible she would have gotten was $6,000 a year. Add that to higher premiums, and she said ObamaCare was too high to even think about changing to. ObamaCare has had so many negative ripple effects throughout our entire economy. It restricted the number of hours people can work because of the employer mandate. It raised taxes, de-pressing economic activity and growth—things like the medical device tax. The medical device industry is one of the most innovative, lifesaving in-dustries in our country and literally in the world. Yet ObamaCare imposed a medical device tax and chased those jobs and the innovation that goes along with them offshore. I remember one of my constituents from Dallas, TX, said they had a location in Costa Rica, and as long as the medical device tax ap-plied to things they did in Texas and in the United States, they were going to take their business and build it in Costa Rica for one reason and one rea-son alone; that is, to avoid this crush-ing tax. The result has not been good for the economy, and it has not been good for healthcare. Many folks can’t find any reasonable insurance that will actually pay for what they want. They can’t af-ford what insurance they do have, and they feel hopeless and helpless as the rates keep climbing. Because I know these stories apply not only in Alaska or in Texas, they apply all across the country, one would think we would have Senators on both sides of the aisle clamoring and work-ing together to try to come up with some solutions, but, once again, it is stony silence from our colleagues across the aisle. As my constituent rightly pointed out, so much of their income is now going toward premiums and other healthcare costs, she said she and her husband feel like they are actually being robbed. That is why we believe, on this side of the aisle—I wish I could say on both sides of the aisle but cer-tainly on this side of the aisle—that we need to find a solution that works for our country. So here is an open invitation to any of our colleagues in either House of Congress: Please come work with us, not for our benefit, not for any polit-ical gain or advantage but because it is the right thing to do. That is why we get elected. That is why we serve, not to engage in petty politics but to actu-ally do things that help our constitu-ents. This isn’t just a red-State problem. I pointed that out earlier when I ref-erenced Wisconsin and Montana. This is a problem that confronts our entire country. So we are going to continue to keep working on a bill that repeals this ObamaCare disaster and replaces it with patient-centered, accessible healthcare that make sense for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.012 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3169 May 25, 2017 
American people. I hope our colleagues on the other side of the aisle come around to join us because we do intend to get this done. I just want to read a couple of other excerpts from this Wall Street Journal editorial today. They talk a little bit about how to read the CBO report. The Congressional Budget Office, as the Presiding Officer knows, really has the final word on interpreting, from an of-ficial standpoint, what the impact of proposed legislation would be, but I have to say this is far from the holy writ. Here is a good example. In this arti-cle, they point out ObamaCare cov-erage estimates—CBO estimates for ObamaCare coverage by year in mil-lions of enrollees. For example, in 2013, they projected that 7 million enrollees would enroll in ObamaCare, and it was 6 million. That is not too far off, but let’s look at 2015. In 2015, they said 13 million would enroll, and 11 million en-rolled. Again, that is ballpark, but then we go to 2016. They predicted that 21 million people would enroll in ObamaCare. Do you know how many enrolled? Twelve million. They missed it by almost 50 percent. That is not close. Then, in 2017, they projected it would be 15 million, and it was 10 mil-lion. I say that not to disparage the Con-gressional Budget Office because I know they are doing the best they can, but it is hard to predict the future, and it is also hard to predict how markets will work and how people will respond to the incentive of more choices and lower costs. This is not a red-State or a blue- State issue because, as I mentioned, in Missouri alone HHS has said that pre-miums have increased 145 percent. So wouldn’t we think we would have both Senators from Missouri on the floor working with us to try to solve the problem? I know Senator B
LUNT is working with us to try to solve the problem, but we would benefit from having a bipartisan effort to address the problem. They also point out that there are other things the CBO report talks about which is significant, particularly in terms of getting our economy grow-ing again. They said, for example, that the House bill cut taxes by $992 billion, spending by $1.1 trillion, and reduced the deficit by $119 billion. Now, I know that is not the primary effort here when it comes to healthcare, but if we want to get our economy growing again, if we want to make it possible for more people to buy healthcare cov-erage at a price they can afford, it helps if they have a job, and it helps if the economy is growing. Here is the thing that, to me, is per-haps the most cynical argument by the critics of what we are trying to do in repealing and replacing ObamaCare. Despite the fact that there are 30 mil-lion people uninsured now—hardly a success, hardly the gold standard for providing access to healthcare cov-erage—the Congressional Budget Office points out what I think is pretty obvi-ous. If you take the gun away from people’s heads and you don’t force them to buy a product they really don’t want, fewer people are actually going to buy it because it doesn’t suit their needs, and it is not available at a price they can afford. As the Wall Street Journal points out, without the threat of government to buy insurance or else pay a penalty, some people will conclude that ObamaCare coverage isn’t worth the price, even with the subsidies. Sometimes I wish we would have honest and open debates about the problems that confront our country, and certainly healthcare is something near and dear to all of our hearts. Too often I feel as though we are ships pass-ing in the night or reverting to our talking points rather than having an open and honest discussion. This is an area where we can benefit from an open and honest discussion and an acknowl-edgment that the status quo is unsustainable. If Hillary Clinton were President of the United States today, we would be revisiting ObamaCare because the indi-vidual market is, as I described earlier, failing. It is failing. I am confident our colleagues across the aisle would be eager to try to step forward to address that, but because the candidate they did not choose won the Presidency, then they are in full-blown resistance, not offering to lift even a finger to try to help us solve this problem, and it is a shame, but it is not too late. We invite them again to join us as we repeal and replace ObamaCare, pro-viding people with more choices at a price they can afford, not because we are going to hold a gun to their head and say you are going to have to buy a product you don’t want, at a price you can’t afford, we are going to give peo-ple the freedom to choose. That is not a bad thing. That is a good thing. That is what America is all about—not hav-ing government force you to make de-cisions that you don’t view are in your own economic self-interests. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. F
ISCHER ). The Senator from Con-necticut. Mr. MURPHY. Madam President, I rise to speak on the same subject as my friend from Texas. Listen, Democrats are ready to talk to Republicans about improving our healthcare system, but we aren’t going to engage in a debate that presupposes that the end result is going to be mil-lions of people losing care and rates going up for everybody in order to fund a tax cut for the wealthy. That is the plan Donald Trump and the Repub-licans are pushing. So my Republican friend is right: Democrats are not interested in having a discussion about how many people are going to lose coverage. We are not interested in having a discussion about how high the rate increases are going to be. We are not interested in having a discussion about big tax breaks for millionaires, billionaires, insurance companies, and drug companies. Let’s be honest. If Republicans were serious about working with Democrats, we wouldn’t be using an arcane Senate rule which allows them to push through a bill with 50 votes. If Repub-licans really wanted to work with Democrats on healthcare reform, they would do it through normal business. If Republicans were really serious about working with Democrats on healthcare reform, they would be going through regular order and going through the committee process. Whatever we want to think about the Affordable Care Act, it went through the committee process. I think 160 Re-publican amendments were accepted in the Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions Committee in 2009. The Finance Committee held multiple meetings. The bill was on the floor of the Senate for a month. Republicans are jamming this bill through—no committee proc-ess, no committee meetings, no com-mittee markups, no open-floor process. Even Senator CORKER called out his own party and said that this is no way to rewrite one-sixth of the American economy—13 male Republican Sen-ators, behind closed doors, in secret. Democrats are desperate to work with Republicans on fixing what is wrong with our healthcare system. Not every problem has been fixed, but we are not going to start with 17 million people losing healthcare or rates going up by 20 percent. And we want to do it in a way that is transparent to the American public, where everybody can see. On the second point my friend from Texas raised—this idea that CBO got the numbers wrong when they esti-mated how many people would be in-sured by the Affordable Care Act in 2009—as he mentioned, they weren’t off by that much, but to the extent they were off, there is a simple reason for it: CBO did not take into account that Re-publican States would seek to under-mine the Affordable Care Act in every conceivable way possible. CBO gave Re-publican Governors and State legisla-tures the benefit of the doubt that once this law was passed, once it was pre-senting an avenue to insurance for mil-lions of people across the country, both parties would seek to implement it. That is not what happened. Republican States refused to set up State-based ex-changes. Republicans brought lawsuit after lawsuit to try to stop the Afford-able Care Act from going forward. Re-publicans, in control of the House and the Senate, jammed through legisla-tion that reduced the risk insurance provided to insurance companies. CBO did not estimate that Republicans would wage a 6-year-long campaign to undermine and undo the Affordable Care Act. In States that implemented the act, such as Connecticut, numbers met or beat expectations. In States that didn’t 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.014 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3170 May 25, 2017 
implement the Affordable Care Act, sought to undermine it, numbers didn’t meet the expectations. Then comes President Trump, who openly telegraphs his desire to under-mine the Affordable Care Act, cuts off all of the advertising, tells the IRS to stop enforcing the law, bleeds out pay-ments to insurance companies one month at a time, teasing that this will be the last month they get their money. Finally, on this question of a gun to the head of consumers—I guess that is a reference to the provision of the Af-fordable Care Act that says: If you don’t buy insurance, then you will pay a penalty. That is absolutely part of the Affordable Care Act. Why? Because if you want protection for people with preexisting conditions, then you have to have a mandate that people buy in-surance, or else people just won’t buy insurance until they are really sick, knowing they can’t be charged more. Actuarially, the protection for people with preexisting conditions only works with the individual mandate. I remem-ber Senator C
RUZ, during his marathon filibuster, admitting that. Republicans and Democrats know that. That is why the American Health Care Act, which just came out of the House of Rep-resentatives, includes an individual mandate. So let’s not pretend like this is a partisan issue. The rightwing American Health Care Act that came out of the House of Rep-resentatives 2 weeks ago includes an individual mandate—it is in there—be-cause they know the same thing: If they want to preserve any modicum of protection for people with preexisting conditions, they have to require people to buy insurance. They just put the mandate in a different place. In the Af-fordable Care Act, the penalty kicks in if you don’t buy insurance. In the House bill, the penalty kicks in after you have lost insurance and you try to sign up again. It is the same mandate, the same penalty, just a slightly dif-ferent timetable for payment. Here is what TrumpCare does: higher costs, less care, tax cuts for the rich. I want to talk about the CBO score that came out last night—not major adjustments from the first CBO score, but there are some important amend-ments that they make. But the bottom line is that if you care about costs, there are going to be higher costs. That is what CBO says. There is a 20-percent increase in cost the first year, 5 per-cent in the next year for good measure. There is less care—I mean significantly less care—23 million people. Big im-provement—24 million people lost care in the first House bill; 23 million people lose care in the second House bill. And all of this is done in order to pass along tax cuts to the wealthy. We are talking about $662 billion of tax cuts for the wealthy. Here is what CBO says: Premiums are projected to rise 20 percent in 2018. So our Republican friends who came down to this floor for 6 years and said we need to repeal the Affordable Care Act because costs are too high just passed a bill in the House of Representatives that CBO guarantees will raise pre-miums by 20 percent in 2018. And it got a lot worse. CBO says that if you are an individual with a pre-existing condition and you live in a State that takes advantage of one of these waivers, the premiums, frankly, don’t even matter to you because you won’t be able to afford the catastrophic high cost associated with your illness. If you are an older American, espe-cially an older American living on So-cial Security, then you are targeted by the American Health Care Act. A 64- year-old making $26,000—and I have a lot of 64-year-olds in Connecticut mak-ing $26,000, and I bet a lot of my col-leagues here who live in lower cost and lower income States have even more of this population—today you are paying about $1,700 a year for healthcare. That is what your premium is after taxes. Under the American Health Care Act, your premium would go up to $21,000 a year. You are making $26,000, and your premium goes up to $21,000. You would receive about $5,000 in tax credits, but in the end, you would be paying $16,000 in healthcare premiums. Now, obviously you wouldn’t be pay-ing $16,000 in insurance premiums be-cause you couldn’t afford healthcare if you still want to pay your rent and you still want to pay your gas bill and you still want a few groceries. The reason why massive numbers of people lose insurance is because 20 per-cent is just the average; for some peo-ple, premiums will go up 700 to 800 per-cent, especially if you are older or if you are lower income. Here is what CBO says will happen if the Affordable Care Act stays: The number of uninsured will go up a little bit. It will tick up to about 28 million. But for all my colleagues on the Re-publican side who have been claiming that the Affordable Care Act is in a ‘‘death spiral,’’ CBO tells you that you are wrong. You are wrong. They state clearly that the marketplaces will re-main stable. Now, again, they may not be counting on the kind of sabotage President Trump is engaged in. If President Trump continues to desta-bilize the markets, maybe this number will be wrong. But if you had an admin-istration that was attempting to en-force and implement the Affordable Care Act, you would get about the same number of people who are unin-sured. Here is what happens if you pass the American Health Care Act: The num-ber goes immediately up to over 40 mil-lion uninsured and peaks after 10 years at 51 million people. Senator C
ORNYN said: Listen, we still have 30 million people who don’t have insurance; let’s try to solve that prob-lem. But CBO says that the House bill doesn’t solve the problem. It turns a problem of 28 million Americans with-out health insurance into a humani-tarian catastrophe—more people unin-sured at the end of this than were unin-sured before the Affordable Care Act passed. So I guess what Senator CORNYN is saying is that whatever product emerges from these secret meetings will insure more people and that CBO will verify that. That is something on which we can work together. Let me guarantee, that won’t be the case. To give a sense of how many people 23 million is, because I know that is kind of a hard number to get your head wrapped around, this is the number of people who lose insurance under the House bill, according to CBO. CBO’s new numbers just came out last night. That is the equivalent population of Alaska, Delaware, Hawaii, Idaho, Kan-sas, Maine, Montana, Nebraska, Ne-vada, New Hampshire, New Mexico, South Dakota, Rhode Island, North Da-kota, and West Virginia. When we put up this chart a couple months ago, I think there was one additional State. So by moving from 24 million losing in-surance to 23 million people losing in-surance, one State came off this list. But that is the equivalent population of how many folks lose healthcare in this country. That is why I call it a hu-manitarian catastrophe. Then let’s just think about what CBO says about who benefits. Here are 23 million people who lose insurance—and that is a pretty simple formula. The bill takes insurance from 23 million people in order to pass along a $173 bil-lion tax break for the pharmaceutical industry and the insurance industry and a $230 billion tax break for very rich people. Some of it will go to peo-ple making above $200,000 a year, but most of it will go to people making over $1 million or $1 billion a year. The numbers actually work out pretty squarely. The cuts to healthcare in the bill roughly work out to be about the same amount in tax cuts for the wealthy. By the way, there is another chart here that is a great one. There is an-other chart that shows who benefits when we look at the tax breaks. If you make under $200,000 a year, you get zero benefit from the American Health Care Act. Every single dime of the tax cuts for individuals or families goes to those making over $200,000 a year. How about that—a $230 billion tax break, and not a dime of it goes to people making under $200,000 a year. So this bill was a nightmare before the CBO score, and it is even more of a night-mare today. Let me point out one more important thing that CBO says about this bill. In-side this bill, in a new amendment that allowed it to pass the House of Rep-resentatives, is a provision that allows States to get waivers from the essen-tial healthcare benefits requirement that insurance actually provide you coverage for healthcare and the com-munity rating requirement that you spread out the costs of healthcare across the entire population of people who are insured. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.015 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3171 May 25, 2017 
What CBO says is that about one- sixth of the population—that is equiva-lent to about 25 States and Wash-ington, DC—who might obtain waivers, including both the essential benefits requirement and the community rating benefit—that would result in insurance markets coming apart at the beginning of 2020. CBO states that ‘‘less healthy people would face extremely high premiums, despite the additional funding that would be available’’ under the bill to reduce premiums. CBO says specifi-cally: ‘‘In particular, out-of-pocket spending on maternity care and mental health and substance abuse services could increase by thousands of dollars in a given year for the nongroup enroll-ees who would use those services.’’ Let me put a finer point on this. The legislative jujitsu that Republicans did in the House to get this thing passed involved eliminating the requirement that people with preexisting conditions be protected from premium increases, combined with a high-risk pool that would have a bunch of money in it to help reduce premiums for those people. CBO tells you essentially that those high-risk pools are a fraud. CBO says there is not enough money in the high- risk pools in order to provide any meaningful benefit for people with pre-existing conditions. In particular, they say, women going through pregnancy, families going through pregnancy, and individuals with mental health and substance abuse will see thousands of dollars in additional costs because the money in the risk pools cannot cover the cost of that care. We have an opioid epidemic raging throughout this country, and the House just passed a bill that will in-crease costs for people suffering from substance abuse by thousands of dol-lars. We can do better. Republicans can emerge from these secret meetings, set aside their plan to ram through this vote with no committee process through reconciliation, and we can start talking about what to preserve in the Affordable Care Act and what we need to change. That is what Ameri-cans want us to do. The majority of Americans do not want this bill repealed. The majority of Americans today support the Afford-able Care Act. Yes, that number is dif-ferent than what it was a few years ago. Maybe that is because, faced with this benefit, faced with these insurance protections being eliminated, Ameri-cans are rallying to the defense of the Affordable Care Act. That doesn’t mean Democrats don’t believe we can make some commonsense amendments, but it does mean we are not willing to participate in a process that pre-supposes that the outcome will be less people being insured, costs getting higher in order to finance tax breaks for the very wealthy and for insurance companies and drug companies. Republicans should come out from behind closed doors, work with Demo-crats. CBO tells you a humanitarian catastrophe is coming if you don’t. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kansas. Mr. MORAN. Madam President, I am here to visit about the topic of healthcare. I will be spending time in Kansas this week, and there probably will be no topic of conversation that will be greater than people’s concerns about healthcare. I will tell you, as I have indicated to many of my col-leagues, this is like no other issue I have ever dealt with as an elected offi-cial in how personal the consequences are of the decisions we make here. While I certainly admit there is plen-ty of politics and partisanship and too much back and forth that revolves around this concern about healthcare, what I do know is, the people who visit with me, in so many instances, are my friends, my neighbors, our kids’ teach-ers, they are people I go to church with, and in many instances, as they have a conversation with me about what we are going to do in regard to healthcare, tears begin to stream down their cheeks as they worry about them-selves but, more importantly, they worry about their family members, their sons, daughters, husbands, wives, and parents. This is a very personal issue. The concerns Kansans have about this and what we might do is sincere and real. I also know the Affordable Care Act—the law that is in existence today—is fail-ing many Americans as well. In fact, just this week, yesterday, we learned the company Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Kansas City is exiting the market and will no longer provide a product in the Kansas City area of our State, which means, in most instances, individuals will no longer have an op-tion in regard to the Affordable Care Act. What we have in place doesn’t work, but I also know what has come from the House isn’t the solution to this problem either. The work we have to do—you and I, Madam President, and our colleagues—is serious and one that has real and personal consequences for every American, and we must take our responsibilities seriously. I have indicated to my colleagues that neither the Affordable Care Act, which I voted against, nor what the House has passed, is anything I would vote for. I really wish we were doing something different than either one of those things. As I thought about my remarks today, I was about to say that I sup-pose I came too late to get my ideas adopted by Congress, but really I came to this issue early, and I think it was 2004, maybe 2006, in which, at least in my own mind, I penned on paper and worked on drafting legislation on what I called a 10-point plan to address the affordability and availability of healthcare. I can tell you that my ideas, which predate President Obama’s, were noth-ing like the Affordable Care Act, and they really were nothing like the con-versation we are having today. I wish we would be addressing the underlying reasons that healthcare costs so much rather than focusing so much attention on the issue of health insurance and its premiums. If we can drive the things out of healthcare that unnecessarily raise the price, the cost of access to healthcare, we can make a tremendous difference in healthcare premiums and the afford-ability of healthcare for all Americans, not just trying to figure out what kind of plan we can develop, what kind of in-surance program, what kind of subsidy or tax credit we can provide, but we would be treating the underlying prob-lem, not just the symptoms. I suppose, to give a little under-standing of what I am talking about, in my view, the things we ought to con-sider are allowing more competition in the market, more free enterprise op-portunities, allowing people to pur-chase insurance from coast to coast, expanding the support for community health centers. These centers are al-ready in existence. They need to be more available in more places. We are a very rural State, and it is hard to find those community health centers, but they provide healthcare services to people who have no ability to pay and no insurance. We ought to be more supportive of community health centers, not less, providing, par-ticularly, primary care for people in difficult circumstances. We also need to give small businesses and organizations the ability to orga-nize and create larger pools so they can negotiate for better premiums. We need to utilize health savings accounts. We need to support medical research. If we can find a cure for cancer, the delay of the onset of Alzheimer’s, we can save billions of dollars in our healthcare system as well as save lives and improve the quality of life of peo-ple who suffer from the diseases that are so prevalent. We need to address the issue of pre-scription drug costs. How do we make certain no drug company takes advan-tage of cornering the market or how do we make certain they don’t utilize our current laws to extend the life of their patent, eliminating the chance for competition to come into play and the introduction of generic medicine that can save, again, consumers and pa-tients lots of money. We need to promote preventive healthcare. Wellness, fitness, diet, and nutrition are the things that probably give us the biggest bang for our buck and don’t necessarily need to be a gov-ernment program, but people need to work at living healthier and healthier lives and prevent diseases from occur-ring in the first place. We need additional physicians and other healthcare providers—nurses and others—and we have not put the atten-tion into developing programs to edu-cate and train the next generation of medical providers. We need to make sure Medicare and Medicaid actually 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.016 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3172 May 25, 2017 
pay for the cost of the services they promised to pay for on behalf of low-in-come citizens as well as citizens who are seniors, instead of having the cost shifting that occurs as a result of the system we have today, in which Medi-care doesn’t pay or Medicaid doesn’t pay sufficient amounts of money to ac-tually pay for the services a patient re-ceives under either one of those programs. Again, those are things that I think would be beneficial to every American, and it wouldn’t be spending our time trying to figure out how we modify the insurance system, how we figure out about subsidies or tax credits for peo-ple within the system. Again, I don’t come late to this issue, but it doesn’t seem to be the direction we are going. Before my time expires, one of the items I wanted to particularly high-light is the value of medical research. I am proud this Congress passed an ap-propriations bill that includes an addi-tional $2 billion for use in medical re-search for the National Institutes of Health, and perhaps something that we can even be additionally proud of is, we did that without spending more money. We simply—I shouldn’t say ‘‘simply.’’ Nothing is easy about it. I am on the Appropriations subcommittee that is responsible for the funding of NIH. We reallocated money that was being spent someplace else in support of med-ical research. Again, if we find the cure for cancer, if we reduce the onset, the time in which people suffer from Alz-heimer’s, if we can find the cure for di-abetes and other diseases, the life-saving changes that are being made through that medical research and the costs that will accrue to our healthcare delivery system are hugely important. I particularly commend the Director of the National Institutes of Health for working so closely with Members of Congress and the American people in support of medical research. Dr. Francis Collins is a national resource. I am not a scientist. I don’t understand all the concepts that are spoken about when we talk about medical research— a long shot from that. One of the things Dr. Collins, the Director of the National Institutes of Health, has been able to do is explain to me and to my colleagues and to others across the country the value of medical research without getting me lost in the details of the actual science. He is someone who can talk to a layperson about med-ical research and science in a way that captures me, captures my attention, but I don’t get lost in the medical or technical or scientific words and jargon that so often scientists use in having the conversations. Dr. Collins has been so bipartisan in his approach. I smiled when I read the story. He indicated that when he was being chosen to be the Director of the National Institutes of Health, he called his mother back home and indicated to her: Mom, I am going to become the Director of the National Institutes of Health. She said: But we are Republicans. I don’t want you working for govern-ment. Here is a man who has used his time not working for government, perhaps working in government, but working for the American people and really for worldwide solutions to problems we all face in our families. There is no American, there is no one in this Chamber whose family has not been affected by the diseases I de-scribed and the other long list of afflic-tions we have as human beings that NIH is not working to make a dif-ference in their lives. We need to continue that support for the National Institutes of Health as we pursue appropriations bills into the fu-ture, and our ability to do that to-gether is important and a source of sat-isfaction that can come. I have indicated, from time to time, that it is sometimes difficult to find the things in the jobs that we have as U.S. Senators where you get the sense of accomplishment. There are a lot of challenges in getting things done, but the idea that we have come together to support medical research and find life-saving cures gives us something to take great satisfaction in and gives us hope that what we have been able to accomplish in this regard, as Repub-licans and Democrats but really as Americans, can be a role model as we try to find solutions to other problems. I hope that will be the case as we try to find solutions with regard to how do we care for the American people when it comes to their affordability and avail-ability of healthcare. You and I, Madam President, come from States that are very rural. In any kind of healthcare solution that we find, we need to make certain we are increasing the chances that hospital doors remain open in rural commu-nities across our States, and we need to make certain there are more physi-cians, not less, there are more healthcare providers, that nursing home and healthcare services are more available, and that pharmacy remains on Main Street. In fact, in the cases of our States, you could find ways, I suppose, that re-duce the cost of healthcare only to dis-cover that you no longer have a pro-vider, no longer have a hospital or a physician or a pharmacy in your home-town. Sometimes when you talk about the affordability, you must quickly couple that with availability. Whatever its price is, if it is not in your commu-nity, if it is not in your county, if it is not in your region of the State, it doesn’t necessarily matter what it costs. Our work is serious, and I look for-ward to working with you and my col-leagues as we try to find solutions to make certain healthcare is something every American has access to. I yield the floor. Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, just 1 week after a party-line vote in the Ju-diciary Committee, the Senate is about to vote on the nomination of Judge Amul Thapar to the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals. It has been more than 16 months since the Senate con-firmed a Federal appellate judge and almost 11 months since we voted on a circuit or district nomination. That is because of Leader M
CCONNELL ’s un-precedented obstruction, blocking any votes on President Obama’s qualified, consensus nominees, all in an effort to leave as many judicial vacancies as possible for President Trump and the far right special interest groups who are charged with selecting his nomi-nees. The 7 days Judge Thapar has waited for a vote is quite a contrast with the last circuit judge that Leader M
CCON-
NELL permitted to be confirmed. Judge Felipe Restrepo’s nomination lan-guished for 6 months on the Senate floor last Congress before he was fi-nally given a floor vote. Of course, there was no good reason for that. Judge Restrepo had bipartisan support at every step of the process: positive blue slips from his Democratic and Re-publican home State Senators, a voice vote in the Judiciary Committee, and a bipartisan 82–6 confirmation vote. Likewise, there was no good reason for Leader M
CCONNELL to deny votes on other circuit nominees like Donald Schott and Jennifer Puhl. They were reported with strong bipartisan sup-port in the Judiciary Committee and had bipartisan support from their home State Senators, but were left lan-guishing on the Executive Calendar for months, without ever receiving floor consideration. We should not forget the 20 district nominees and the five Court of Federal Claims nominees, who were reported with bipartisan support and then fell victim to Senate Republicans’ unprecedented obstruction and were denied a vote after waiting months or even years. Of course, we cannot over-look one of the most shameful inac-tions of the Senate—the treatment of Chief Judge Merrick Garland, who did not even receive a hearing for his nom-ination to the U.S. Supreme Court. So why are we now rushing to con-firm Judge Thapar? It is only fair to note that the seat to which he has been nominated has been vacant for nearly 4 years. President Obama’s nominee to that seat did not receive this expedited process. She did not even receive blue slips from the Kentucky Senators. Now, that is their right. Had I still been chairman, I would have honored that decision—as I did for both circuit and district nominees—however much I might have disagreed with it. We should not pretend that we are re-quired to vote so quickly on Judge Thapar simply because the Republican leadership held this seat vacant. This is a nomination that requires thorough consideration by the Senate. It is no secret that Judge Thapar is a favorite of the same far right groups that handpicked Justice Gorsuch—in fact, Judge Thapar was on the same shortlist that they gave to President 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.017 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3173 May 25, 2017 
Trump. Given Judge Thapar’s apparent views on campaign finance regulation, it is no surprise that these groups, who are some of the biggest opponents of any efforts to bring transparency to campaign financing, want to see him elevated to a circuit court. His answers during his hearing did not allay my concerns. I was also troubled by Judge Thapar’s responses to my written questions. Like Justice Gorsuch, he dodged a very simple question about whether the First Amendment permits a religious litmus test for entry into the United States, but even that nonanswer was inaccurate. Judge Thapar responded that the constitutionality of a reli-gious litmus test is an active question in pending litigation regarding the president’s Executive order targeting Muslim-majority countries, and that he could not comment on it. That is not accurate. There is no question that such a religious litmus test is uncon-stitutional—even the Trump adminis-tration does not argue otherwise. In-stead, they are arguing that the Execu-tive order does not impose such a lit-mus test. Judge Thapar failed to get the facts right, and failed to show me that he understands one of the most fundamental principles of our Constitu-tion. It will be very difficult for me to support any judicial nominee who fails to answer this question with adherence to both the Constitution and the facts. The role that far right interest groups have played in this nomination and the Gorsuch nomination is trou-bling. A President is free to consult with whomever he wishes on potential nominees, but the ‘‘advice and con-sent’’ power belongs to the Senate, not the Federalist Society. For decades, Presidents of both parties have con-sulted with home State Senators, a re-quirement formalized through the Ju-diciary Committee’s blue slip process. This tradition protects the role of all 100 Senators in the confirmation proc-ess and helps ensure that Presidents work with Senators of both parties to find consensus nominees. During my nearly 20 years as either chairman or ranking member of the Judiciary Committee, I encouraged Re-publicans and Democrats to work with President Clinton, President Bush, and President Obama to find qualified, con-sensus nominees, and I protected the rights of Senators in both parties. As Ranking Member F
EINSTEIN noted in a memo that was circulated yesterday, no judicial nomination made by the last three Presidents was confirmed without the support of both home State Senators. I cannot recall a nomi-nee being confirmed over the objection of his or her home State Senator. The blue slip is not a partisan issue; it is about constitutional checks and bal-ances and the Senate’s role in pro-tecting the independence of our Fed-eral judiciary. I encourage President Trump to follow the example of his predecessors from both parties and work with us to find consensus nomi-nees to ensure that our Federal courts remain the envy of the rest of the world. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Illinois. OPIOID CRISIS  
Ms. DUCKWORTH. Madam President, I would like to take this time to dis-cuss a critical public health crisis af-fecting constituents in Illinois and all across the country. Each day, 46 people die from overdose of prescription pain-killers in the United States. In Illinois, that number is only growing. Overdose deaths in Illinois from opioids rose about 275 percent from 2008 to 2014. There are an estimated 460,000 nonmedical prescription opioid users in Illinois alone. A major portion of the total number of drug-poisoning deaths between 2013 and 2015 were a result of opioid and prescription drug abuse. Over 4,000 people died as a result of opioids and prescription drugs, and 2,000 people died due to heroin. Illinois also had the third fastest rising death rates from synthetic opioids in the Na-tion, with overdoses rising by 120 per-cent from 2014 to 2015. Unfortunately, Illinois is third from the bottom for treatment of substance abuse because of lack of funding and resources to healthcare providers and law enforce-ment partners in the State. These numbers are alarming, but I would like to share a story behind those numbers—a face. Laura Fry is a mother whose family has experienced the worst of the opioid epidemic. Her son, Alexander, is 29 years old and in remission from heroin use disorder. Alexander was just a normal kid growing up in Wauconda, IL. He had his entire life ahead of him. Then, when he was 17, he had a snowboarding accident and was taken to the emer-gency room after he lost consciousness. That is when doctors found a mass on his cerebellum and he had to undergo major brain surgery. It was after this surgery that Alexander became ad-dicted to morphine, and his drug abuse began. When Alexander graduated from high school, he began working at a hospital, where he was able to steal drugs to fuel his abuse. Over time, his drug abuse spiraled out of control. He was fired from his job for stealing narcotics and was arrested for possession of heroin. But because this was his first offense, he was given a very strict 2-year proba-tion. Over the next 4 months, he tested positive for heroin several times, and then he simply disappeared. Laura did not know where her son was or whether he was even alive for 10 months. Fi-nally, he was arrested and taken into custody. In Lake County, IL, we thankfully have a criminal justice system that recognizes addiction is a disease. The court gave Alexander the opportunity to continue his probation, and he was allowed to perform hundreds of hours of community service and to attend an intensive outpatient program. In the spring of last year, Laura and her son Alexander appeared in court for the last time. Alexander is now a vol-unteer for Live4Lali, a substance abuse program in Illinois. He attends commu-nity outreach events, shares stories, and offers trainings in naloxone use—a lifesaving drug that reverses opioid overdoses. He has gone from being a user to someone who is transforming lives. Alexander’s story is a reminder that Congress must focus on enhancing re-covery efforts, and we are beginning to take steps in the right direction. For example, I was a proud supporter of the Comprehensive Addiction and Recov-ery Act, also known as CARA, when I served in the House. CARA, which passed with overwhelming bipartisan support, establishes, supports, and strengthens a number of programs to fight the opioid crisis in communities. It provides opportunities for rehabilita-tion, like the outpatient program Alex-ander attended, and expands access to drugs like naloxone, which are saving lives on the frontlines of this epidemic. I applaud these efforts, but I have se-rious concerns about the majority’s commitment to actually funding these essential programs to rehabilitate our fellow Americans who are suffering from opioid addiction because, while we can all agree that CARA’s intent was to transform our opioid crisis, the bill failed to provide any actual funds to enact these effective programs. I, along with many of my colleagues, have asked for CARA to be fully funded and to provide additional funding to the drug courts and veteran treatment courts, which essentially reduced crime, saved taxpayer dollars, and saved the lives of more than 1.25 mil-lion civilians and veterans. In addition, we must also make sure families have access to medicine that can save lives during an overdose by calling on manu-facturers to offer naloxone to rein in the costs. I share this story because the tur-moil that the Fry family faced is not unique. Millions of Americans are ex-periencing the impact of opioid abuse, and many of these American stories have much more tragic endings. We can and must do more for these families. I ask that we take the time, consider the story of Alexander and his family, and step up and do the right thing. Let’s fund CARA fully. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. REED. Madam President, let me thank my colleague, Senator M
ANCHIN , for arranging the time to talk about the ongoing opioid epidemic across the country. I know his home State of West Virginia—much like my home State of Rhode Island—has been hit particularly hard by this epidemic. This is not happening in some far off place or some distant country. It is happening in Rhode Island, West Vir-ginia, and, indeed, every State throughout the Nation. Last year, over 330 Rhode Islanders lost their lives due to opioids. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.047 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3174 May 25, 2017 
Rhode Island is a small State, so let me talk about a national statistic that shows the extent of this crisis. Last year, drug overdoses killed 50,000 Americans. That means more people died last year because of drug overdoses than due to car crashes or gun violence. These numbers are stag-gering, and it is happening in all of our communities. Since 2011, the number of overdose deaths has increased by more than 90 percent. Unfortunately, year after year, Rhode Island continues to top the Nation in terms of rates of overdose deaths. We must work to turn this around and get more people access to treatment for opioid addiction. In 2008, almost a decade ago, Con-gress enacted the landmark Paul Wellstone and Pete Domenici Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Law. For the first time, the law re-quired insurance companies to cover behavioral health services in the same way that it would cover physical health services. This was a critical step, but it ultimately did not solve the problem, as some insurance compa-nies have continued to find ways to avoid complying with the law—or at least its spirit. It took passage of the Affordable Care Act to improve access to behav-ioral health services. For the first time, critical consumer protections, like banning discrimination based on preexisting conditions, ensured that in-dividuals with substance abuse dis-orders could not be denied coverage. Further, the ACA established a set of essential health benefits that all insur-ance plans must cover, including men-tal health and substance abuse treat-ment. Gone are the days when con-sumers would pay steep prices for health insurance that in actuality did not even cover basic health services, such as mental health care or mater-nity care. In addition, the ACA prohibits life-time annual limits on care. Before the ACA, many people with chronic health conditions, such as substance use dis-orders, would hit their annual cap just a couple of months into the year and then would have to pay all other costs out of pocket for the rest of the year. Lastly, the expansion of Medicaid has made a tremendous improvement in ac-cess to behavioral health services. In States like Rhode Island that have ex-panded Medicaid, we have seen a sharp drop in the percentage of people with substance use disorders who seek care in the emergency department because they are uninsured. Medicaid is the sin-gle largest payer of substance use dis-order services and pays for one-third of all medication-assisted treatment in the country. TrumpCare would reverse all these gains. According to the Center on Budget Policy and Priorities, repeal of the ACA would mean 2.8 million people with substance use disorders would be at risk of losing their coverage. Repeal of the Medicaid expansion would cut $4.5 billion from mental health and substance use disorders for those with low incomes, to say nothing of TrumpCare’s broader goal of ending Medicaid as we know it. TrumpCare would all but eliminate this critical safety net. TrumpCare goes even further to turn back the clock on consumer protec-tions like preexisting conditions. Peo-ple with substance use disorders would be disadvantaged immediately, as their disorder could be considered a pre-existing condition. This has the double effect of pricing people with mental and behavioral health issues out of the market entirely and encouraging peo-ple not to seek care out of fear of being labeled by their insurance company as having a preexisting condition. On top of that, TrumpCare would gut the essential health benefits in the ACA. This means that there would be no rules about what health insurance must cover, such as preventive health services and mental and behavioral health services. Even with coverage, people will have to pay out of pocket for the services they need. For sub-stance use disorders, which could add up to $20,000 a year in out-of-pocket costs alone. Over the last couple of years, I have worked with my colleagues on the Sen-ate Appropriations Committee to in-clude historic funding increases for programs that help the opioid crisis. In fact, the fiscal year 2017 omnibus pro-vided $511 million for prevention, en-forcement, treatment, and recovery across various agencies, including over $300 million for the Department of Health and Human Services, $50 mil-lion for the Department of Veterans Affairs, and over $160 million for the Department of Justice. Last year, we passed the 21st Century Cures Act, which directed $1 billion to States to combat the opioid crisis. We must con-tinue these efforts. However, this week, the President re-leased his budget proposal for next year, and it does the exact opposite. First of all, the President’s budget dou-bles down on his plan to decimate Med-icaid. The President has proposed cut-ting hundreds of billions of dollars from Medicaid, block-granting the pro-gram with no protections for the most vulnerable. In fact, his budget offers no details on how it plans to structure Medicaid—just that he intends to cut the program beyond repair. On top of that, the President’s budg-et makes enormous cuts to the Sub-stance Abuse and Mental Health Serv-ices Agency, SAMHSA, which imple-ments many of our most effective sub-stance use disorder prevention and treatment programs, such as the Com-munity Mental Health Services Block Grant Program, which President Trump has proposed cutting by over 20 percent. Further, President Trump has pro-posed cutting the National Institutes of Health by nearly $6 billion, which would interrupt critical research into new and better ways to treat substance use disorders, along with research into how we can better treat pain without the use of addicting opioid painkillers. Coupled with TrumpCare, this budget proposal would only worsen the opioid crisis. I am committed to continuing to work with my colleagues to prevent that from happening. I am heartened to see so many of my colleagues talk about these very issues this afternoon. It is my hope that we will be able to work together over the coming months to ensure that the gains we have made in the fiscal year 2017 omnibus and the Cures Act are not lost. We have much more work to do, and people in my State and across the country are counting on us to do that for them. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LANKFORD. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SMALL BUSINESS REGULATORY FLEXIBILITY  
IMPROVEMENTS ACT  
Mr. LANKFORD. Madam President, we have a lot of issues we are working on right now. Some of the big ones in-clude the budget conversation. For the first time in a long time, the budget conversation really circles around, how are we going to get back to balance? It is an interesting dialogue. There is going to be a lot of dispute about ele-ments of the President’s budget. There will be a lot of controversy back and forth about aspects in the House and the Senate proposals. But for the first time in a long time, the beginning point of the conversation is, how do we get back to balance? That is a good place to start. I am pleased to see that is a part of the conversation again. There are a tremendous number of things that have to be dealt with in this process. I want to bring up two quick ones and then talk about some of the small business issues we are facing. One of them is that when we go through the budget process, I encour-age my colleagues to deal with the budget gimmicks that are still in place in the budget process—areas that seem to bring down the deficit but we all know actually do not. Those don’t help us as Americans. That may help with some sort of scoring issues; that doesn’t really help where we are. The second aspect to that is, let’s ac-tually put the appropriations bills on the floor. For the last several years, there have been continuing resolutions or omnibuses without any amendment process brought. We should be able to, in a bipartisan way, agree to bring these appropriations bills to the floor, actually have an amendment process, and actually deal with this in a public setting. There are straightforward ways to deal with our debt and deficit. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.020 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3175 May 25, 2017 
It begins with actually confronting debt and deficit in a way that will real-ly matter. It is interesting as well that when we talk about a lot of the big issues, regu-lations often come up as one of the prime problems. Regulations are often big, expensive, and deal with a lot of controversy. Quite frankly, there are thousands of regulations out there that impact small businesses. For a small business, it is not typically just one regulation, it is the hundreds of little ones that they are constantly trying to live under. It is the culmination of all of these different regulations and trying to figure out where they are. Most small businesses don’t have lawyers. They don’t have compliance people. They don’t have folks lined up to mon-itor all of these things. They have to try to figure it out as they go. They are small businesses. They are family- owned businesses. They are trying to take care of their own families and the neighbors around them. But all of these regulations come at them as well. Let me read what Karen Karrigan, the president and CEO of the Small Business and Entrepreneurship Coun-cil, wrote in an op-ed just last week. She wrote: 
Red tape is strangling our small businesses and undermining entrepreneurship. Indeed, according to [Small Business and Entrepre-neurship] Council research, the cumulative loss of new businesses over the last decade totals 3.42 million missing businesses— 
Not workers— 
for America’s economy. For existing small businesses, the per-employee cost of regula-tion is just over $11,000. Excessive regulation in the U.S. has hurt our competitiveness in the global economy. The U.S. ranks No. 51 in the world for ease of starting a business, ac-cording to the World Bank. This same report is consistent with other global studies that have found American’s friendliness and gen-eral ‘‘ease of doing business’’ has eroded year after year. 
That is according to Karen Karrigan, president and CEO of the Small Busi-ness and Entrepreneurship Council, in her op-ed last week. Each new regulation on small busi-ness adds another cost, another burden, another requirement that small busi-nesses have to comply with. This cu-mulative burden is crushing small busi-ness. Let me give some examples. Julian Lumber Company is in Antlers, OK. You ought to come and see Antlers, OK. It is a beautiful area of our State. Julian Lumber Company, a family- owned business, makes wooden fence posts, treated poles. If you have a tele-phone pole in that area or other posts and poles, it often came from Julian Lumber Company. It also has a small trucking company to be able to haul posts to retail stores across the Mid-west and the Southwest. Julian em-ploys about 50 people but recently had to shift a part-time employee who was doing compliance to full-time—doing nothing but compliance 40 hours a week because of all the Federal regula-tions. When Robert Julian funded this business in 1974, he didn’t set out to just create jobs for a compliance offi-cer, he actually set out to do lumber work, but unfortunately, now his busi-ness also includes Federal compliance. Small businesses are vital to our economy. Surely we can agree on that. They drive job creation and innova-tion. Excessive and poorly crafted gov-ernment regulations disproportion-ately—the burden of them—fall on small businesses and on their growth. If Julian Lumber has to hire more peo-ple to just do compliance, not lumber, there is a problem. Then there is Ander’s Shoe Store in Miami, OK, which was founded in 1930 by Joe Ander after he immigrated to Oklahoma from Poland. Today, Ander’s Shoe Store is owned and operated by Joe’s daughter, Dena Ander, who is 102 years old. She has worked at Ander’s Shoe Store for 86 years. My favorite quote ever from a small business owner came from her when she said, at 101, that her health is bet-ter than her help, and so she just keeps working. Dena Anders is not waking up every day and reading the Federal Register to find out what new Federal regula-tion came down. She is not trying to track through all the different compli-ance officers and attorneys that she would have to contact to try to figure out how to read a new Federal regula-tion that comes down. She is taking care of a shoe store in Miami, OK. She has two employees, but her shoe store has to live by the same regulations that a lot of large stores also have to live by. Every Member of this body—when they are home, they talk about small businesses and the importance of small businesses and how to help them suc-ceed. I am asking, are we as a body willing to do what we said we were going to do back home? Ninety-seven percent of the businesses in my State of Oklahoma are small businesses. Lots of us make promises to these small businesses. It is time to fulfill them. Regulatory reform for even small businesses, for whatever reason, is be-coming politicized. This is not a polit-ical, Republican-Democrat issue. Small business owners are not Republicans or Democrats; they are Americans. They are people, and this should not be a partisan issue. I would be willing to work with every Senator of any party to be able to get this done. I have introduced the Small Business Regulatory Flexibility Improvements Act. It has passed its way through com-mittee. It is S. 584. It does some simple things—things that should not be con-troversial. It closes loopholes in the Regulatory Flexibility Act, which became law in 1980. That bill was designed to help small businesses, but there are some loopholes in it, and the agencies are going around it. This is not a bill that I just came up with on my own; it is a bill that had been drafted in direct response to small businesses and small business leaders around the country. It has been dis-cussed for a long time, but for what-ever reason, it has never been passed. I want to run through a few things that it does. First, the agencies should account for the economic impact of regulations, especially on small business, and it should be the full economic impact. Agencies have this little caveat that they will do. They will say: Well, it is not a direct cost, it is an indirect cost on business. So they will put a new reg-ulation on them and say: We are only going to count direct costs of the regu-lations, but we are not going to count anything indirect, such as electricity. If they put a Federal regulation down and a State entity is then required to create new regulations based on it, they won’t count the State regulations based on it. If permitting from a different agency is required, they will say: Well, that is somebody else who does that. Well, if you are a small business, cost is cost is cost. The Federal Govern-ment plays this game of what is a di-rect and indirect cost to a business. A small business does not get to play that game, and they have to pay the bills for it. So it is a very simple thing for us to say: Include the costs. We try to get some clear language on it. An agency would have to consider ‘‘reasonably foreseeable impacts.’’ So I get that you are not going to get every pencil in the process, but what is reasonably foresee-able, you should be able to anticipate that. Second, we require the IRS to actu-ally listen to small businesses before they release IRS rules. So many hours are spent by every small business com-plying with IRS regulations and re-quirements. We would like to have the IRS actually engage with small busi-nesses when they put out policy and guidance and say: How is this going to affect small businesses? How can they work this out to make sure it is as easy as possible for small business owners? Third, increase the transparency in the rulemaking process. Small busi-nesses tell me that when they learn of new regulatory requirements, they are often blindsided. They had no idea the rule was even coming. In the rare in-stance when a small business owner speaks out to an agency, they are often confused when they see the final rule because it doesn’t look at all like what they had recommended or had raised. Years ago, there was something cre-ated called SBRFIA panels. Only Wash-ington, DC, comes up with a term like that. Small businesses were supposed to be able to engage with the Federal Government on designing how regula-tions would come out. But, again, the loopholes were so present in the law that the agencies were just going around them. We need to close that. As simple as it sounds, when an agen-cy is creating a rule, don’t you think 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.021 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3176 May 25, 2017 
they should call small businesses and say: How will this work at your place, or will it work at all? Fourth, let’s deal with old rules. There are lots of regulations out there that are old, that become very com-plicated for small businesses to be able to maintain, and no one has ever gone back to look at them. Let’s create a simple system so that when a rule comes out, it has to be reviewed within 10 years. That way, we have no rule that is 40, 50 years old, and no one has even touched it or looked at it to make sure that it still works, No. 1, and that it is not overcomplicating the process. Finally, and here is something pretty straightforward, give first-time for-giveness for paperwork violations. When small businesses have a paper-work violation, they have a paperwork violation. They are not trying to break the law. They are not trying to violate regulations. They missed one. Why don’t we give first-time grace to small businesses? Now, I wouldn’t say that if they are violating health and safety issues. Obviously those are things they should have already taken care of. But just paperwork things—we have so many small businesses that get a fine because they missed a piece of paper-work. Again, so many small businesses don’t have compliance people tracking this stuff for them all the time, and oc-casionally they make a mistake. This is still a government that works for them. They don’t work for the govern-ment. My simple recommendation is this: For small businesses, give them first- time paperwork forgiveness rather than a Federal compliance person showing up at their place with a fine. Let’s be reasonable about this. That should be a simple, straightforward thing. Quite frankly, these are all things small business owners have asked for. These were things even in the Obama administration. The chief counsel for the Small Business Administration’s Office of Advocacy—this is what the Obama administration’s small business advocate wanted. I don’t understand how this could be a partisan issue. It is simple, straightforward, and clean. There is no hidden anything in the bill. It is trying to actually get regulatory relief and common sense back into the way we do regulations. Over 200 trade associations rep-resenting millions of small businesses have already written me in support of this bill from all over the country—not from Oklahoma, from all over the country. Many in this Chamber pride them-selves on being the advocate for the lit-tle guy and standing up for small busi-nesses. I would ask my colleagues if they are ready to actually put feet to those words. This is a straightforward way to do it. We talk about helping small businesses; let’s actually do it. I ask my colleagues to be able to walk alongside of us and help us get this bill passed and get some regulatory relief. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from West Virginia. 
OPIOID CRISIS  
Mr. MANCHIN. Madam President, I rise to speak with a lot of my col-leagues coming down speaking on the opiate crisis we have in all of our States. West Virginia has been hit the hard-est in the Nation right now, and I want to speak to this because it is some-thing we must address. This has been a silent killer for far too long. I don’t know a person who I have ever met who doesn’t know somebody in their immediate family, extended fam-ily, or close friends who has not been affected by either prescription drug abuse or illicit drug use. With that, here we are. I rise with my colleagues who have been coming down—they will be com-ing the rest of the day—to bring atten-tion to this national crisis that is dev-astating every community. Many of the Senators you are going to hear from—and have already heard from— are from States that are dealing with an increase in this opiate abuse, just like my State of West Virginia. Just like I have, they have heard from fami-lies, community leaders who are on the front lines. They are begging for solu-tions, funding, and they need facilities to properly combat the scourge we have right now. Let me say to everybody who is watching, everybody who is listening in any way, shape, or form that you are hearing this: 20 years, 30 years ago, I was as guilty as everybody in the pub-lic policy arena in government, in my State government in West Virginia. If you fooled with drugs back then, we thought, well, we will put you in pris-on; you committed a crime. Well, guess what. We have been putting them away for 20, 30 years, and we never cured a single soul. Finally, we have come to the realiza-tion that addiction is an illness. Any other illness gets treatment. So we need treatment, but we don’t have treatment centers. Budgets are tight. I have a cousin who is a judge. Every day he says: J
OE, I sentence people for the crimes they commit every day. He says: I have never had the first person say: Hey, Judge, we don’t have a prison cell or a jail cell to put this person in. But if it happens once a day, it will happen 5 or 10 times a day, if I believe someone needs to get treatment be-cause of their addiction, they will say: Well, Judge, I am sorry. We have no place to put them. We have no treat-ment centers. We will find a jail cell for you, but we will not find a treat-ment center because we don’t have them. The States don’t have the money. Counties don’t have the money. Mu-nicipalities don’t have the money. The Federal Government has never dedi-cated enough money for this. So we keep talking about everything that happens. Last year, over 800 West Virginians died of prescription drug abuse. They died of abuse from prescription drugs, and everyone says: Well, how do people get started? I don’t know. Most of them have done heavy work in West Virginia. We do mining and manufac-turing. That is heavy work, and some-times they get hurt. I am going to read a letter later—I do every week try to come down to put real families, real faces, for you all to understand that this is a real issue. When I have said this is a silent kill-er, we never talk about it. If you have somebody addicted in your family, you are kind of ashamed of it. You don’t want anybody to know because they think that something is wrong with your family if someone has an addic-tion. They try to take care of them-selves and they can’t and that person doesn’t get the help they need. So when you look back at the use and the lack of a treatment, let me just tell you about the epidemic we are dealing with. Any other epidemic of this sort—and knowing it is an illness, it can be called a pandemic. Remember the Ebola concerns we had. All of the different things we were concerned about that could turn into a pandemic, we acted immediately. Well, we haven’t acted immediately on this. We have had over 200,000 West Virginians die since the turn of the century. That is unbelievable, and to not do anything about it and keep our mouths shut, we have done that for far too long. Today, 2.1 million Americans abuse or depend on their opiates. According to the CDC, Centers for Disease Con-trol, three out of four new heroin users abuse prescription opiates before mov-ing to heroin. I am told they move to heroin because it is cheaper, but they have already been hooked and addicted. Most of them got hooked and addicted on legal prescription drugs. That means there was some doctor who said: Here is something that is really going to help you, and they write that pre-scription. They think everything in a bottle is going to heal you. In the United States of America, less than 5 percent of the world popu-lation—7.2 billion people live on planet Earth, less than 330 million in this country—4.6 percent of the world popu-lation consumes 80 percent of all the opiates produced and consumed in the world. What in the world happened to us? How did we become so pain-intoler-ant? How did we become so addicted? Between 2009 and 2013, only 22 percent of Americans suffering from opiate ad-diction participated in any form of ad-diction treatment, and more and more people go without treatment every day. Misuse and abuse of opiates cost the country an estimated $78.5 billion in 2013 just in lost productivity. So for those people who don’t have compas-sion, don’t think we should be doing these things, and you only look at the bottom line, if you are going to the bottom line, look at this bottom line: $78 billion of lost productivity, medical costs, and criminal costs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.023 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3177 May 25, 2017 
Talk to any of your law enforcement in any community you live in and ask them: Of all the calls you have gone on, how many have you gone on that are drug-related? A minimum of 80 to 90 percent of everything that they are called in, any type of assistance, any type of a crime that is committed, it is because of drugs. Some form of drugs are involved for our police. So think about what they are doing and how it takes them away from protecting the law-abiding citizens. I have a bill called—and we will talk about treatment—it is LifeBOAT. I am still waiting for some of my friends and fellow colleagues on the Republican side to look at this bill very seriously. All I am asking for is one penny to charge the pharmaceutical manufac-turers—one penny per milligram—that will go toward treatment centers throughout America, and every State needs them. That one penny, they said: That is a new tax. We can’t vote for a new tax. I said: Wait a minute. This opiate arena is pretty profitable, and we are not going to charge people whom opiates were designed for, which are people with severe illnesses, cancer patients. Basically, this is just for opiates, no other pharmaceutical products, just opiates. That is $1.5 to $2 billion a year. Can you believe that? That one penny. Now, when they tell me, I am not going to vote for any new tax. I say: Well, you didn’t hesitate to vote for a tobacco tax. You didn’t hesitate to vote for an alcohol tax. We have more people dying of this than anything else, and I am asking for a treatment plan. I can’t get one penny, not one penny. So I am asking for everyone to con-sider it. I truly believe no one would lose their election over voting to fund treatment centers for people who are desperately in need. That is the Life-BOAT Act. I want to read you a letter, and I do this every week. It is just heart-breaking, these letters, but it shows real people’s lives, and it shows what it has done to their lives. This letter is from Shadd Baisden. He writes: My name is Shadd Baisden, and I am from Dingess, WV. I am writing to tell you my story of opioid addiction. I am an out-of-work coal miner with 9 years’ experience. I was injured in the mine in 2011. I was dragged down a belt line 200 feet and messed the disks in my back, the L5, S1 in my back. This was how my addiction got started. I was prescribed painkillers and need-ed surgery but felt I was too young for that. I was out of work for a year when I decided to settle my compensation claim so I could return back to work. While I was injured, the mine I worked in shut down so I had no job to go back to. I had been on painkillers the whole time I was out of work, but I stopped being prescribed after my settlement. So when he made his settlement, ba-sically that went away, his healthcare on that. So he had no other way of get-ting prescribed medicine. He continues: I was buying them off the street just to ease my pain. In 2013, I started using oxycodone and could not stop. I even got my wife hooked on them. I have three daughters—11, 10, and 3 years of age. My youngest wasn’t born at the time. Our addiction became so bad that we would steal things from our family just to get the drugs. I lost my license to drive. I lost my two old-est daughters because of my addiction. That is when I knew I had to have seri-ous help. I sought counseling and treatment. I took parenting classes, and my wife and I worked our tails off to get our girls back. We have now been clean and sober for 3 years and have custody back of all three of our girls. I am currently out of work but do lots of odd jobs in my area because I can’t afford to get my license back, and the vehicle I own was vandalized 3 months ago because I gave an officer info on a dealer not far from my home, and somehow the dealer found out and beat the windows out of my car while I was working. I thank God every day for helping me and my wife stay clean. I thank you for everything you do for the people of West Virginia and hope my story helps someone. I may be out of work right now, but good things will come as long as we stay clean and posi-tive. Now, the conclusion of this is Shadd and his wife are perfect examples of the people we can help if we made it easier for people dealing with substance abuse to get treatment. Shadd and his wife are the people I am fighting for every day. I will continue to fight for the people and families and children who have lost their way and need our help, and I am not going to stop fighting until they get it. Every one of you all probably have a story. Every one of our young people— our pages and everybody else, everyone in the audience, whoever it may be, younger people—have probably been approached to try something, have probably been approached in their own schools to try something: Well, this is no problem. It is the hip thing to do in school. They have recreational marijuana. A lot of people tell me they get started by experimenting, and then it moves into different things. I don’t know what it is. We don’t know what our body chemistry is made up of. We don’t know why some people are addicted and some people don’t get addicted, but we know opiates are ex-tremely addictive. We know that. It af-fects you. The only thing I can tell you is, it is something we are going to con-tinue to fight. We are going to make people aware. We are starting edu-cation classes. The United States of America should start educating in every class from pre-school, kindergarten—you are not too young to know what this can do to you—all the way up through adulthood. We have to prevent people from getting on these horrific drugs that are killing people. Then we have to treat the peo-ple who are addicted and get them back into the workforce. I ask all of you—and the concern we have, and I know in your beautiful State you have the same challenges we do. We all do. We are willing to fight together. This is a bipartisan effort. This is not one side and the other side taking credit or one side blaming the other side. This is one that we have to rise up as Americans—forget about Democrats and Republicans—and fight this. The U.S. Congress is responsible for fighting it and helping the people all over our country. I yield the floor to my good friend from West Virginia. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). The Senator from West Vir-ginia. Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I thank my colleague from West Virginia who is fighting hard on a lot of different fronts to meet the challenge of this opioid and drug abuse epidemic that is sweeping across the country, and it is really hitting us in the rural areas in West Virginia. I always say our State is just one big small town, and both Senator M
ANCHIN and I have personal experience with families who have been deeply affected by this. It is destroying families, lives, and futures. Chances are we all know someone, as I said, who has been affected, but we have been especially hard-hit in the State of West Virginia, and we have seen more than our fair share of dev-astating consequences: babies born ex-posed to drugs, families torn apart, children ripped from their parents be-cause of their parents’ habits and life-style, grandparents raising children when they had no real intention or didn’t know that is what was going to happen. We have the unfortunate distinction as a State of leading the Nation in drug overdose deaths per capita. Ninety-one Americans die each day because of this crisis, and far too many of them are our neighbors, our coworkers, our friends, and our children. No commu-nity is immune. That is why this all- hands-on-deck, community-oriented, coordinated, community-focused effort must move forward. Fortunately, many individuals and organizations—and I get to meet with them regularly. It is inspiring to hear how people in the community are pull-ing together. They are already working hard educating—as Senator M
ANCHIN  said, you can’t start too early edu-cating—treating, and rehabilitating people who are struggling with abuse within their families, helping them and those who are at risk of becoming ad-dicted. From healthcare to law en-forcement, we are working to tackle this crisis from all angles. Drug courts play an important role in that fight. In order to get at the root 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.025 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3178 May 25, 2017 
of the problem, we must have more re-covery and treatment services, and in-carceration is not always the right an-swer. Sometimes treatment, not the criminal justice system, is the answer. Yesterday, I had the pleasure of meeting an incredible young woman— inspirational, really—who knows all of this very well. Her name is Chelsea Carter, and she is from Logan, WV. When she met me yesterday, she said: We met. We met 10 years ago. I said: Really? Where did we meet? She said: I did your nails at Spa Bliss. I said: Oh, well, thank you for that. But along that journey, Chelsea has had a rough, rough go. At one point, Chelsea was charged with 17 felonies due to her drug habit. She told me her drug habit began when she was 12 years old. She said she was able to continue life through high school. It appeared as though she had a normal life. She was a cheerleader, participated in school, and all the time she was getting deeper and crawling deeper into a drug-ad-dicted hole. After she faced the criminal justice system, she became committed to get-ting off drugs and getting clean the very first night she spent in jail, and she has been clean ever since. She went through the drug court system, and, basically, it has saved her life. But that is not the end of the story for Chelsea. She has a bright future ahead of her, and she has moved forward. She was in town for the annual con-ference of the National Association of Drug Court Professionals. She has com-mitted her life to helping people like her who have had this situation and who have been at the bottom of the pit of hopelessness, bad health, and bad de-cisionmaking. She is committed to helping her fellow West Virginians crawl out of that pit, like she did, and become productive individuals. This is the world’s largest conference on treat-ment courts and criminal justice re-form. Back home in Logan, Chelsea is the program director at Appalachian Health Services. She just got her mas-ter’s degree. One of the things that struck me is that, even in a manage-ment position, she continues to counsel and treat a full load of patients, and she told me she will always do so. Chelsea’s story is an example of the progress that can be made by fully committing to fighting the drug epi-demic. There are victories and pro-grams that work. Drug court is not the only one, but it is one in the spectrum of solutions. I am committed to the fight and to working with all of our colleagues who are speaking out today. I know many of us are committed to this. It doesn’t leave a family or community un-touched. I am really inspired by West Virginians like Chelsea Carter who are on the frontlines. With that, I yield for my colleague from Nevada. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Nevada. Mr. HELLER. Thank you, Mr. Presi-dent, and I thank my friend from West Virginia. 
YUCCA MOUNTAIN  
While I have an opportunity to take the floor, I want to change the subject, if I may. I want to talk about the con-cern I have of one of the President’s priorities in the 2018 fiscal year budget. That priority is Yucca Mountain. Specifically, the President included $120 million in his budget for the De-partment of Energy to restart licensing activities for the Yucca Mountain Nu-clear Waste Repository. As a proponent and author of the leg-islation called No Budget, No Pay Act, which would restore regular order to the budget and appropriations process, I am pleased to see the President did submit to Congress a detailed budget proposal. As a small government, fiscal con-servative, I hoped that this new admin-istration would focus on budget prior-ities that would reduce duplicative spending and streamline programs in order to save taxpayer dollars. You can imagine my disappointment that they, instead, decided to prioritize funding to restart licensing activities for a failed proposal. Over the past few weeks, I have out-lined on the Senate floor some of the issues with Yucca Mountain, whether it is the crippling effect it would have on Nevada’s economy or the public safety issues associated with transpor-tation of this nuclear waste. I will con-tinue to come to the floor to educate my colleagues on the many issues asso-ciated with Yucca Mountain, because, plain and simple, it is not a viable op-tion for the long-term storage of our Nation’s nuclear waste. Instead of throwing more taxpayer dollars into a failed proposal, we should be working on a real long-term solution rooted in consent-based siting. You have heard me raise the question that many Nevadans be thinking: Why should a State with no nuclear power-plants of its own be forced, against its will, to house all of the Nation’s nu-clear waste? I stand by the Department of Ener-gy’s 2010 decision to terminate the Yucca Mountain program, and I stand by its 2015 recommendation for a con-sent-based siting. Yucca Mountain is dead. Let me take you through what it would take to put this failed program back on life sup-port. Prior to the suspension of the program in 2010, the Federal Govern-ment had spent close to $15 billion on Yucca Mountain. Now, I recognize that some of my col-leagues might say: Well, the govern-ment has already spent this much on the government repository; shouldn’t we complete it? First of all, let me say that restart-ing the program would need $2 billion more just to complete the licensing process—$1.66 billion for the Depart-ment of Energy and $330 million for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. After 3 to 5 years spent on licensing, there could well be another 5 years in legal challenges, and there is no cer-tainty that Yucca Mountain would ever be built. Second, even if Yucca Mountain were to go forward, it would be an expensive repository project. The Department of Energy’s best estimate is that another $82 billion—let me repeat that; another $82 billion—would be needed to license, litigate, build, operate, decommission, and eventually close Yucca Mountain. On top of the money that has already been spent, that adds up to more than $96 billion for what is called the total system life cycle cost. That leads to my third point. We need to reevaluate the whole nuclear waste cost question. There is a busi-ness case to be made against Yucca Mountain. The Department of Energy’s own estimates for Yucca Mountain say that the nuclear waste fund will only pay about 80 percent of the total life cycle costs, or about $77 billion. The re-maining $19 billion would have to come from an annual appropriations voted by this Congress. That means more money for this project paid by tax-payers. But it does not have to be that way. In 2012, the Department of Energy did its own cost assessment and concluded that all other costs, like transpor-tation, being equal, walking away from Yucca Mountain and starting with a new repository site in a deep salt bed or deep shale formation would actually save between $12 billion and $27 billion over the life of the repository. Before we spend any more taxpayer dollars on Yucca Mountain, we need to ask the Department of Energy experts to come before us and explain what they learned about repository costs in their previous studies. Beyond that, we need new cost studies on geologic dis-posal in repositories, studies that in-clude the lessons learned from recent progress with repositories in Europe, and new studies that look at the nu-clear waste program overall and incor-porate the cost of safe on-site reactors, early removal of spent fuel from shut-down reactors, and consolidated in-terim storage facilities, as rec-ommended by the Blue Ribbon Com-mission on America’s Nuclear Future. It is clear that rather than forcing the State of Nevada to accept nuclear waste at a scientifically unsound site, taxpayer dollars would be better spent identifying viable alternatives for the long-term storage of nuclear waste in areas that are willing to house it. Find-ing alternatives is the commonsense path forward, as well as the fiscally re-sponsible decision. I urge my colleagues, as we continue the budget appropriations process for this next fiscal year, to conduct over-sight over the life-cycle costs of reposi-tories and to focus on further imple-menting the Department of Energy’s consent-based siting process, instead of wasting more taxpayer dollars on a failed proposal. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.026 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3179 May 25, 2017 
I stand ready to partner with my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle on this issue, and I am confident that to-gether we can find a solution to this problem once and for all. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Nevada. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT —EXECUTIVE  
CALENDAR  
Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the cloture motion on the Elwood nomination be withdrawn, and that following leader remarks on Tuesday, June 6, the Sen-ate resume consideration of the nomi-nation, with the time equally divided until 2:15 p.m. I further ask that at 2:15 p.m., on June 6, the Senate vote on confirmation of the Elwood nomina-tion, and that, if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. HELLER. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I yield back all remaining time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. All time is yielded back. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Thapar nomi-nation? Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANT-
WELL ), the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ), the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ), and the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ), are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 52, nays 44, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 137 Ex.] YEAS—52 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young NAYS—44 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—4 
Cantwell Hirono Schatz Udall 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The Senator from Iowa. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NATIONAL FOSTER CARE MONTH Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, May is National Foster Care Month. I thank my colleagues for unanimously sup-porting the resolution recognizing May as National Foster Care Month. National Foster Care Month has been recognized for over 20 years as a time we all celebrate the voices of foster youth and bring awareness to the chal-lenges these young people face. During this month, organizations in Iowa— and, for that matter, all across the country—have been working to support and to recognize the young people who are in foster care. Nationally, there are over 425,000 children in foster care. In Iowa alone, almost 4,000 kids entered foster care in 2015, the last year for statistics. I sa-lute all of those who work tirelessly to support these children. This includes a lot of different groups but particularly foster parents, who open their hearts and homes to children who need this vital support. The group also includes social workers, advocates, and alumni of the foster care system who, as young people, have gone through a lot. They are there to inform lawmakers and the public, and they are there to fight to secure better outcomes for kids in care. As stated in our resolution, Congress must continue to work toward real so-lutions for these children, who often face trauma, abuse, and neglect, both before and after they are removed from their parents’ care. We must work to ensure that all children, no matter their circumstances, have a permanent, loving home and consistent, caring adults in their lives. With legislation such as the Fos-tering Connections Act, passed in 2008, and the Child and Family Services Im-provement and Innovation Act, passed in 2011, we have made some progress. These laws provided new investments and new services to improve the out-comes for children in the foster care system. Even after all that, our work is not done. Over 20,000 young people aged out of the foster care system in 2015, with no legal permanent connection to any family. This impacts their ability to pursue higher education, to find em-ployment and stable housing, and, most importantly, to prepare for the future. While in care, children experience an average of three different placements; 65 percent of the kids in foster care change schools seven or more times. We see a great amount of instability and resulting insecurity when this is what happens in the life of somebody in foster care. This constant uncertainty compounds the trauma of neglect and of abuse and makes it hard for these kids to make connections to their com-munities. Through my work in the Senate Cau-cus on Foster Youth, I have had the op-portunity to hear firsthand what these young people in foster care need. They need love, they need support, they need safety and permanency, and they need a family. Those last two are the first words I ever heard from kids in foster care when I first took time 25 years ago to listen to some of them. They had been shunted from one home to an-other home over a period of time. They said: We would like to have a mom and dad; we would like to have a home. That is what this movement is all about. Moving forward, Congress must con-tinue to work to find better solutions and secure better outcomes for our young people in foster care. Once again, I thank all of my col-leagues for supporting this resolution. It is important that this month—and, for that matter, all year long—we con-tinue to support the goals of National Foster Care Month. 
f 
HEALTHCARE LEGISLATION Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I wish to address the issue of the healthcare debate that has been going on since the first of the year. Now that it has passed the House of Representa-tives, it comes to the Senate. The Sen-ate is working on its own bill, not working from the House bill. This is still evolving, and I hope it will evolve very, very quickly. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.027 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3180 May 25, 2017 
One of the things we face is to make sure we have accessible, affordable care for anyone who wants to buy health in-surance. I rise today, as I have in the past, to share real stories from real Iowans who have been harmed—not helped—by the Affordable Care Act. I know there are plenty of examples we can give of peo-ple who have not benefited from the Af-fordable Care Act. As we have found so many times, the Affordable Care Act has become the un-Affordable Care Act. The other side often talks about the benefits of ACA without mentioning the reality I am trying to bring to this debate. There is a reason Republicans are acting to protect Americans from the loss of access to medical care. ObamaCare has broken its promises. All these promises, made over and over again, have not stood the test of time, so I would like to remind everyone of some of these promises. The promise: If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor. The reality: This promise was even scrubbed from the ObamaCare website after everyone knew it was a farce. The promise: You will be able to keep your insurance plan. What is the reality? In the fall of 2013, between 7 and 12 million people had health insurance cancelled. ObamaCare’s mandates resulted in fewer choices for people to buy afford-able insurance. People were kicked off plans they liked and plans that, until ObamaCare, they could afford. This promise was dubbed the ‘‘Lie of the Year.’’ Another promise was made: Your pre-miums will go down by $2,500. That is not even close. I have been quoting for a long period of time that they had gone up at least $3,500. Now, more recently, I have seen a figure of an average of $4,300. So, in reality, that $2,500 promise that premiums would go down wasn’t even close. In Iowa, premiums increased up to 43 percent in just 1 year. One farmer told me that his insurance went up from $20,000 to $32,000 in 1 year. He was able to get the premium down to $25,000 by taking advantage of an HMO, but the deductible for that plan was $15,000. You have an insurance policy, but you may never use it. The biggest promise: You were prom-ised access to affordable health care. The law is called the Affordable Care Act. That is the most concerning of all—the situation created by ObamaCare is far from affordable. What is the reality? Premiums in 2017 have doubled for a majority of States using ObamaCare exchanges. In three States, premiums have tripled during ObamaCare. One Iowan from Pomeroy, IA, wrote to me and said she shopped for an ObamaCare plan and found that she would have to pay $9,000 out-of-pocket before her insurance kicks in. She told me she doesn’t know where that money would come from, and of course that makes that policy too expensive to use. For the past 7 years, ObamaCare has not been working, and it will never work for the American people. Repub-licans are not going to accept failure. That is why we are working so hard to put together what we have promised the people of this country for the last 7 years—to repeal and replace. Point-ing out the shortcomings of affordable care, we aim for better, and that is what guides us as we continue to work on repealing and replacing this failed law. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alaska. 
f 
ARCTIC COUNCIL Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I often come to the floor of the U.S. Sen-ate to discuss issues of the Arctic. Since the United States is an Arctic nation, it seems that it is only appro-priate to give updates when there have been items and events that are note-worthy in this space. Several weeks ago, we hosted in Alas-ka the Arctic Council Ministerial Meeting, an event duly of note and an event upon which I would like to spend a few moments this afternoon updating colleagues on all that took place at this ministerial and provide a little bit of a recap of the role of the United States as chairman of the Arctic Coun-cil for these past 2 years. This opportunity today to congratu-late those in the State Department, the people of Fairbanks, AK, and the Alaska Arctic Council Host Committee for a successful Arctic Council Ministe-rial Meeting in Fairbanks is certainly timely. I have also come to review the ac-complishments and the challenges of the Arctic Council during the recent chairmanship by the United States and I think also to look ahead at what I hope and expect will be our Nation’s continued leadership in the Arctic. As I mentioned, for the past 2 years now, the United States has been chair of the Arctic Council. This is an inter-national forum for the eight Arctic na-tions. That includes the United States, Canada, Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, Russia, and Sweden. It also in-cludes six permanent participant orga-nizations that represent the indigenous peoples of the Arctic, as well as dozens of interested observer nations and international organizations. I think it is important to recognize that while you would understand and assume that the Arctic nations are clearly interested in happenings in the Arctic, the interest in being an official observer as part of the Arctic Council has grown steadily in these recent years as nations around the world are recognizing the opportunities that are presenting themselves in this portion of the globe. The Arctic Council was established in 1996, and it focuses its work on sustain-able development and environmental protection in the Arctic. When we speak at these council meetings, as Arctic Parliamentarians, we always refer to the Arctic as a zone of peace. It is that way now; we would like to see it remain so. Back in April of 2015, the United States took over as chair from Canada, and at that time, the United States proposed three thematic areas that we would focus on during this 2-year chairmanship. Those three areas were improving economic and living condi-tions in Arctic communities; Arctic Ocean safety, security, and steward-ship; and the third issue area was to address the impacts of climate change. While there were many who believed that the previous administration fo-cused most of its attention on climate change—sometimes at the expense of the other two areas and most notably the focus on economic and living condi-tions for the people who live and work and raise their families in the Arctic— I believe we saw a good outcome from this 2-year chairmanship. I would like to note today and ac-knowledge the work of Julie Gourley as the U.S. Senior Arctic Official; the work of Ambassador David Balton as the chair of the Senior Arctic Officials; and ADM Robert Papp, who served as the U.S. Special Representative for the Arctic. All three of these individuals served to facilitate the U.S. chairman-ship and worked to increase public awareness and knowledge of the Arctic. I thank them for that. I also commend the City of Fair-banks and the Fairbanks North Star Borough, which hosted the ministerial meeting. I think it is important to rec-ognize that most assumed that when the United States hosted the ministe-rial, it would be in Alaska’s largest city. Anchorage certainly has the abil-ity to accommodate just about any conference, anywhere, at any time, but I think it was significant that we chose to host in a city that—while it is not above the Arctic Circle, it is getting pretty close up there. The people of Fairbanks went all out to embrace our friends from around the world. Their efforts were matched by the tremendous work of the Alaska Arctic Council Host Committee and particularly of Nils Andreassen, who connected the Arctic Council with the host communities during its numerous meetings. In the past, what we had seen at these Arctic Council meetings was folks would fly into an Arctic location, and more often than not, we would be in a large conference hall, typically with no windows and closed doors, and then everyone would fly out without having any real interaction with the community. They wouldn’t have an op-portunity to engage with the public, and sometimes it made the work of the Arctic Council a little bit of a mystery. I think we missed some opportunities to build support for the Arctic Council and its work and also to learn and to hear from those who live in our Arctic 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.029 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3181 May 25, 2017 
communities what matters are of con-cern to them. The Alaska Host Com-mittee worked to break down that bar-rier by organizing side events. There were dozens of different side events and receptions that allowed for critical interaction. The City of Fairbanks and the North Star Borough provided incredible hos-pitality. They always do that, but I think this time they went above and beyond in rolling out the red carpet to ensure the success of the meeting for all who were involved. During the U.S. chairmanship, there were a number of successful activities that I would like to highlight briefly. First, there was an agreement on en-hancing international arctic scientific cooperation. This was signed by all eight Arctic nations at the Fairbanks ministerial. It is now the third legally binding agreement among the Arctic nations. We have already done an agreement on search and rescue and a second one on oil spill preparedness. This is now the third, focusing on sci-entific cooperation. This new agree-ment will allow scientists to more free-ly and assuredly work across political borders to develop scientific knowledge about the Arctic. What I think is significant about this particular document is that the process to develop the agreement was co- chaired by the United States and Rus-sia. This demonstrates that while our nations clearly have a good number of disagreements and disputes around the world, the Arctic can be that place of cooperation. I think we demonstrated that with this particular scientific co-operation. Another area of focus was on tele-communication. For the first time, we have assessed telecommunication in-frastructure in the Arctic. For anyone who has been there or who has been to any very remote location, you know well the importance of dependable communications. Those familiar with the Arctic know that we have signifi-cant gaps. We have significant chal-lenges in this area. Finland, which has now assumed the chairmanship, will take this issue with them and work with the private sector to do what they can to improve telecom in the Arctic. The Arctic Council also launched an Arctic ship traffic data cooperative agreement. The intent is to have a bet-ter understanding of the ships that are operating in the Arctic. As we all know, we are seeing sea ice recede. We are seeing shipping lanes in areas where we have not had an oppor-tunity to have ships or any level of commerce. With this project, we are seeking to collect information from each Arctic nation about the shipping activity in the Arctic for traffic trend analysis. This is important because we are see-ing an increase in shipping levels in the U.S. Arctic—an increase by nearly 60 percent over the last 8 years. It is clearly expected to increase with every passing year, as we are seeing sea ice diminish. As we are seeing this in-creased volume of shipping traffic, I think it is important to keep in mind that when it comes to charting, when it comes to mapping, less than 5 per-cent of the U.S. Arctic has been charted to modern standards. Again, think about what is hap-pening. We are seeing increased ship-ping traffic. We still don’t know as much as we need to know about the charting and the mapping, so it is vital for homeland security, for local secu-rity, and for navigational necessity that we have an accurate under-standing of who is transiting when and where within the region. I have talked with Native whaling captains, those who are engaged in a level of subsistence, particularly in the Bering Straits area. Understanding when and where and who is transiting is very important for those subsistence hunters as well. Another item that came from the Arctic Council ministerial—and this was not a direct outcome from this meeting but the prior one—a new fund, the Algu Fund, was established to help the indigenous peoples of the Arctic more fully participate in the decision making of the Arctic Council and its working groups. The permanent participants and the indigenous peoples who make up these representatives are a critical piece of the discussion in these significant meetings with Foreign Ministers. To have that local knowledge, to have the voices of the local people of the Arctic speaking up is important. Think about it. They don’t necessarily have a for-mal government, a fund that can help send them to these meetings, to be part of these working groups. And so often-times, their participation is not present, and not because they don’t wish to be but because they lack the resources. So this Algu Fund was established. The goal is to raise $30 million for the fund, which will benefit the Aleut, the Athabaskan, Gwich’in, Sami, and over 40 Russian indigenous groups. Of the other work that was con-ducted, seven new observers were added to the Arctic Council, including the country of Switzerland. There were ad-ditional organizations that were added, but we are now up to a total of 39 ob-servers, 13 of these being from non-Arc-tic nations. So again, the interest in all things Arctic, regardless of where you are on the globe, is really increas-ing. On the sidelines of the ministerial meeting, there were 12 mayors from Arctic communities in Alaska, Canada, Finland, Iceland, and Norway. They held their own forum to look at the challenges to local governments in the Arctic. Issues such as economic diver-sification with benefits to local popu-lations, infrastructure investment, en-ergy independence, efforts to adapt to a changing climate, and the incorpora-tion of traditional and local knowledge in the decisionmaking were discussed. These mayors from across the region saw the value of attending the ministe-rial meeting, even though they were not part of the official meetings. But they also felt that it was important to ensure that the people of the Arctic, those who actually live there, work there, and raise their families there, were heard in the discussions, as well. Even after all that I have high-lighted, there are many other docu-ments from the ministerial meeting that I could mention here, but one that I would like to draw particular atten-tion to is the Fairbanks Declaration. This is the statement signed by all eight Arctic nations coming out of the 10th Arctic Council Ministerial. I think it is significant to note that, in these issue areas that the United States fo-cused on—Arctic Ocean safety, secu-rity, and stewardship, improving eco-nomic and living conditions, and ad-dressing the impacts of climate change—the statements coming out were good, strong statements of agree-ment, and there was true cooperation and collaboration. I think I would be remiss in stating that there was some speculation that, with a new administration taking over right at the end of the United States’ term, there was some discussion as to this: Well, how is this declaration going to be coming about, because it is the United States that ultimately, as the chair, holds the pen there? I know there has been a lot of discus-sion around this town about the admin-istration’s position on the Paris Agree-ment. The President is still deter-mining how he wants to proceed there. But I do think it is noteworthy—very noteworthy—that the Fairbanks Dec-laration, which was signed by Sec-retary of State Rex Tillerson, speaks directly to climate change in the Arc-tic. Specifically, it notes the entry into force of the Paris Agreement. But in looking specifically to the language re-lating to climate change, it states, and I will quote here: 
Note again that the Arctic is warming at more than twice the rate of the global aver-age, note with concern that the pace and scale of continuing Arctic warming will de-pend on future emissions of greenhouse gases and short-lived climate pollutants, reiterate the importance of global action to reduce both greenhouse gases and short-lived cli-mate pollutants to mitigate climate change. 
Then, it calls for the Arctic Council to undertake additional analysis. So I think that is significant as well. It is an important recognition, and, while this administration has not yet deter-mined where they may end up when it comes to the Paris Agreement, I think it is telling to look to this document— again, that was not only signed by the United States, but, ultimately, it was drafted by the United States—as an in-dicator of the realities that we face with climate change and, particularly and most noteworthy, in the U.S. Arc-tic, where we are seeing that impact most pronounced. I mentioned the aspect of climate change, but the Declaration is broader 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.031 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3182 May 25, 2017 
than that. It also recognizes the impor-tance of the contributions of the Arctic indigenous peoples, the importance of healthy Arctic communities, the im-pact of maritime activity in the re-gion, and the emergence of the Arctic Economic Council, which is an issue that I feel very strongly about. We had an extraordinary Alaskan woman who was chairing the AEC throughout these past 2 years, and she did a fabulous job standing that up. Her contributions were quite remark-able. There is the need to improve the ac-cess of Arctic communities to clean, affordable, and reliable energy sources. So, again, I would commend to any-one’s reading the Fairbanks Declara-tion. If you are interested in Arctic issues or if you are interested in just a sense of the breadth and the depth of the issues and challenges facing the Arctic region, I think it is an impor-tant document. With our handing the gavel now to Finland, the obvious question request is this: What happens next for the United States in the Arctic? I am en-couraged by Secretary Tillerson’s com-ments in Fairbanks that the United States will remain engaged and remain a leader on Arctic policy. That has got to be key. We have made great head-way in recognizing that we are an Arc-tic nation. At every appropriations hearing that I have been to thus far, I think I have reserved my questions to ask about Arctic-specific issues— whether it is the status of where we are on infrastructure, such as icebreakers, or whether it is a recognition and an understanding that, with decreasing sea ice up north, you have people in ships up there, which we have never seen before. Quite honestly, we now have an area of exposure. We focus a lot on the southern border. We now have a northern border that is open. What might that mean? We were able to query Secretary Kelly this morning about possibly partnering with Canada as we look to how we can provide for sharing of in-formation about who is coming and who is going and knowing what we have in front of us. We will have an op-portunity—again, as we move forward with legislative initiatives, appropria-tions, and reviewing the President’s budget—to make sure that the leader-ship that the United States has dem-onstrated these past 2 years as we have been chairing the Arctic Council con-tinues and that it continues in a strong and a prominent way. With that, I thank the Chair. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I would like to commend my colleague from Alaska. Closer to the Poles, you see the effect of climate change more starkly. I am glad that she spoke on this issue. She is a real champion for her State, which means recognizing that climate change is having an effect on the Arctic and on those villages up there. It will have a lot of con-sequences going forward. I say thank you to Senator M
UR-
KOWSKI . 
f 
OPIOID EPIDEMIC Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I rise today to talk about the House Repub-lican healthcare bill and the dev-astating effect that it would have on people with mental illness and those affected by the Nation’s opioid epi-demic. Nationwide, more than 52,000 Ameri-cans died from drug overdoses in 2015, the most recent year for which data are available, with 63 percent of those deaths involving an opioid. This means that drug overdose deaths now surpass the number of people who die each year from automobile accidents or from firearms. That same year in Minnesota, we lost more than 570 people to drug overdoses. About half of those deaths were tied to prescription medication—particularly, opiate pain relievers—and another 20 percent of those deaths were associated with heroin. We saw drug overdose deaths jump 11 percentage points in Minnesota from 2014 to 2015. The opioid epidemic knows no bound-aries. It has touched people and fami-lies of all incomes, of all races, and of all ages. Some communities in Min-nesota have been hit particularly hard by this crisis, including our Native American population. Not long ago, I visited the Bois Forte Indian Reserva-tion. Bois Forte is a small, beautiful reservation up in northern Minnesota, a community where people know each other and trust each other. In fact, his-torically, the trust has run so deep that folks in Bois Forte didn’t even lock their doors at night. But the opioid epidemic—I was told this by the Tribe chairman—and the impact it has had on the people in the reservation has changed that. Opioids are changing and destroying families and commu-nities, and one clear sign of this is that people now are locking their doors, the chairman told me. Right now, we need to be doing all we can to help people, families, and com-munities that have been devastated by opioid addiction. We must provide sup-port for treatments and other nec-essary interventions, and we need to be focusing on prevention. That is why we passed the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act just last year, and why we followed it up with the behav-ioral health provisions in the 21st Cen-tury Cures Act—again, just at the end of last Congress. Now these important advances are under threat. The so-called healthcare bill that Republicans pushed out of the House of Representatives would under-mine the very programs that help peo-ple with opioid addiction. For instance, as the CBO confirmed yesterday, the bill guts Medicaid, cutting the pro-gram’s budget by more than $830 bil-lion over 10 years. These losses are compounded by the additional $610 bil-lion in cuts to Medicaid proposed in President Trump’s budget yesterday. In total, these cuts would amount to close to a 50-percent reduction in the funding for the Medicaid Program, causing at least 14 million people to lose Medicaid coverage over the next decade. Medicaid is the No. 1 payer for behavioral health services in the Na-tion. It covers both prevention and treatment for people at risk for or ac-tively battling opioid addiction. For example, Medicaid pays for about one-quarter of medication-assisted treatment for opioid and heroin addic-tions. Because of the Medicaid expan-sion, 1.3 million additional people gained access to behavioral health services, which reduced the number of low-income adults needing substance use treatment but not receiving it by 18 percent. To further undermine coverage, the House bill would also allow States to eliminate essential health benefits. The essential health benefits are 10 key benefits that plans exchanges must offer, including maternity care, pre-scription drugs, and mental health and substance use disorder services. What we know is that before the ACA was passed, many people with private in-surance did not have coverage for the mental health services they needed. One in three did not have coverage for substance use disorder treatment, and close to one in five did not have cov-erage for mental healthcare. Now is not the time to be cutting back on those benefits. In fact, last year, the Surgeon General issued a re-port on addiction, which found that there are more people with substance use disorders than people with cancer. What the CBO score confirmed yester-day was that people who live in States that rollback essential health benefits, who still need the services that are no longer included in the essential health benefits would ‘‘experience substantial increases in out-of-pocket spending on health care or would choose to forgo the services.’’ The report goes on to call out the fact that out-of-pocket costs for these patients could increase by thousands of dollars a year, and the benefits would again be subject to annual and lifetime limits. Substance use disorder services are highlighted as specific benefits that CBO anticipates States will ex-clude first. I want to make this clear to my col-leagues and to the American people: You cannot say that you want to ad-dress our country’s opioid epidemic and at the same time support this bill. Those things are in direct opposition to one another. So, to all of my colleagues who supported CARA and supported the 21st Century Cures Act, I urge you to work with us to build on the ACA so that we can effectively address the opioid epidemic ravaging our country. My colleague on the other side of the aisle, Senator C
ORKER from Tennessee, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.033 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3183 May 25, 2017 
had it right when he remarked on the secret partisan process currently un-derway in the Senate. Earlier this week he said: 
It’s a very awkward process, at best. There are no experts. There’s no actuaries. . . . Typically, in a hearing, you’d have people coming in and you’d also have the media opining about if a hearing took place, and X came in and made comments. 
Senator C ORKER is spot-on. The American people deserve an open and transparent discussion on how we can best improve healthcare in our Nation. Many Americans are struggling just to keep their heads above water, paying their bills, raising their kids, caring for their parents, and coping with health problems. Families in Minnesota and in all of our States have been or are currently being ripped apart by opioid addiction. They need our help. They don’t need a bill or a budget, for that matter, that is hastily put together for ideological reasons. They don’t need policies that undercut their care and their liveli-hood. Ninety-one people die every day in the United States from an opioid over-dose. Only one in five people who cur-rently need treatment for opioid use disorders is actually getting it. American lives hang in the balance. People are counting on us to do the right thing. So let’s do it. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I am very pleased to join my colleagues, Senator F
RANKEN and Senator W ARREN , who are also here for this conversation that was kicked off earlier this after-noon by our friend and colleague from West Virginia, Senator M
ANCHIN . West Virginia does not have a whole lot in common with Rhode Island. We are a coastal State. Senator M
ANCHIN  comes from a very landlocked moun-tainous State. Our biggest mountain in Rhode Island is probably the Johnson landfill. But we have something in common, which is the extent to which opioid addiction and opioid overdoses have stricken our State. We have had over 200 deaths per year. In a State our size, everyone is within 2 or 3 degrees of separation of everyone else. Those 200 deaths reverberate through our whole State. There is a small town in Rhode Is-land called Burrillville, up in our northwest corner. Burrillville is a very small town in Rhode Island. I went up there for a meeting about the opioid epidemic at Burrillville High School. In the previous quarter, in just 3 months, that one little town had six deaths from opioid overdoses. That is six times that the little police force had to respond, six times the funeral parlors had to handle grieving families, six times that death notices had to be published in the local paper. It felt like a battering to people in that commu-nity. Senator M
ANCHIN has a pretty good idea to help make sure that we have the funding to get treatment to people before these tragedies take place. He proposes what he calls the LifeBOAT Act, which is one penny for each milli-gram of active opioid in a prescription drug—one penny. It is only a penny, but it would have raised about $2 bil-lion last year. So $2 billion would save a lot of people and save a lot of lives. Just to give you some idea of the scale, Purdue Pharma has generated estimated sales of more than $35 billion since 1995 for opioid medications. It has annual revenues of about $3 billion, mostly from OxyContin. That is just one company. So the idea of adding a penny really does not seem to me to be asking very much. The way we operate now in the Sen-ate, I know that asking corporations to do anything seems impossible because they have the financial whip hand over so many Senators because of the un-limited money they are allowed to spend and threaten to spend in our pol-itics. But really, after all the lives that have been lost, after all the lives have been affected, you would expect that just out of common decency this indus-try would step up and say: For a penny, we are in. So let’s hope they come around to that because I think it is a good plan. TrumpCare, on the other hand, would be a disaster. So many people get their opioid treatment through Medicaid and through the expansion of Medicaid that the Affordable Care Act created. To undo that, to strip $1.4 trillion, as President Trump has proposed, out of Medicaid is inevitably going to deny people access to care. I am not the only one saying this. Someone who works in Providence with recovering heroin addicts wrote to me. His name is Travis. He wrote to me about his clients who are receiving medication-assisted treatments. He credits their being able to come in and get the care that they get to the Af-fordable Care Act. He said that it is the reason he and his colleagues have been able to help recovering addicts enter effective treatment programs. It works. Travis relates that repealing the Af-fordable Care Act would have what he calls a profound impact on his clients’ ability to get needed addiction and re-covery services. I will turn the floor over to Senator WARREN in a minute, but I want to rec-ognize one other person. I will not use last names. His name is Mark. He wrote to me from Rumford, RI, which is a very nice part of East Providence, RI. This is a gentleman who became ad-dicted to opiates at the age of 52. He had surgery, and after the surgical pro-cedure, his doctor gave him opiates for the pain. The doctor was somewhat in-discriminate about continuing to pre-scribe those opioids. Mark realized that he was addicted. He went to a recovery group in Rhode Island called CODAC, which does very good work for treatment. He went into recovery, and he succeeded for 8 years without using opioids. As sometimes happens, family stresses, business stresses, other stresses intervene. In his case, a family stress caused a relapse, but he knew what to do. He went back to CODAC. He became sober again. Now he is back in recovery, clean and sober. This pattern of recovery and then an occasional relapse and then back to re-covery again is very often the way peo-ple who have an addiction get through it. To make sure that the treatment is there for them when they relapse can be a lifesaver. By the way, Mark is a success. He is in the music business. He has toured around the world. The fact that CODAC was there for him on those two occa-sions has allowed him to achieve that success. Again, this was a 52-year-old individual whom a surgery sent into addiction. I will close by pointing out that one of the things the CARA bill, which many of us worked so hard on, accom-plished was to send the message that addiction is not a moral failing. It is a medical condition. It should be treated as a medical condition. Not only is it not a moral failing, I think many of us who have had family, loved ones, friends, or any experience with folks who are going through recovery—what we have learned is that recovery is ac-tually a noble accomplishment. It is not an easy path, but it is a path that demands deep honesty, deep courage, deep trust, very often love. It is a path that people who are walking it can and should be proud of, and we should be proud of them for their achievements, and we should be there for them in their relapses and make sure the care that will put them back on that path is available. I yield the floor to my terrific col-league from Massachusetts. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. f 
HEALTHCARE LEGISLATION Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I thank Senator W
HITEHOUSE for his important words and all the Senators who have come to the floor this afternoon to talk about the Republican plans to dis-mantle our healthcare system. As we speak, Republicans in the Sen-ate are busy behind closed doors work-ing overtime to come up with a secret health plan to ram through the Senate. I guess they are afraid of how the pub-lic would react if we could see the full scope of their plans, but in the last 24 hours, we have seen new details about what they want to do. The formula is as clear as it is cruel: destroy healthcare for tens of millions of Americans, including people struggling under the weight of our national opioid crisis. Why? In order to give tax cuts to rich people. These plans are simply unforgivable, and I say ‘‘unforgivable’’ because I can-not find any justification that makes it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.035 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3184 May 25, 2017 
OK to take away health insurance from 23 million Americans. I cannot come up with a single sliver of an argument that says it makes sense to rip away more than $800 billion from kids with complex medical needs, seniors in nurs-ing homes, and one of the largest sources of help for people and families struggling with substance abuse dis-order, all to produce tax breaks for a handful of millionaires and billion-aires. The Republican agenda is destroying healthcare in this country, and it has never been clearer. President Trump released his budget proposal this week. If the healthcare bill is a punch to the gut, his budget is a knife in the ribs. The Trump budget is about the future, and for the future, Trump says there is too much medical research. He wants to cut more than $5 billion from the NIH budget. That is the place where re-search is ongoing about treatments for Alzheimer’s, cancer, diabetes, ALS. That is America’s future that Presi-dent Trump wants to cut by more than $5 billion. Then there is the Republican effort to blow up our existing healthcare sys-tem. The Republican bill would open the door to discriminating against peo-ple with preexisting conditions, and there is more. Insurance companies could drop coverage for mental health and substance abuse disorders. Insur-ance companies could decide not to cover pregnancy or maternity care. They can drop coverage for prescrip-tion drugs. Insurance companies could, once again, impose lifetime limits on diseases like cancer and heart condi-tions, even for people on employer plans in States like Massachusetts that want nothing to do with the waivers the Republican bill allows. The CBO says that out-of-pocket costs for these services that are no longer covered would rise ‘‘thousands of dollars a year,’’ but cutting out can-cer patients and mamas and newborn babies and people with preexisting con-ditions just wasn’t enough for the Re-publicans. President Trump used his new budget to cut hundreds of millions of dollars from the Federal agency leading the fight against opioids. Tens of thousands of people are dying, and the Trump budget cuts money needed in the fight against opioids. It gets even worse. Together, the Republican healthcare bill and the President’s budget rip well over a trillion dollars out of the Med-icaid Program, which provides health insurance to one in five people in this country. Medicaid funds more than half the people in nursing homes. When a new baby is born in this country, Med-icaid pays for about half of those births. Seniors in nursing homes and new babies are just targets for the Re-publican cuts. Then, like extra chocolate sauce driz-zled over this misery sundae, the budg-et also cuts the Children’s Health In-surance Program by 20 percent over the next decade. Children’s health insur-ance is the program that works to-gether with Medicaid to provide health insurance for one out of every three kids in this country. Trump and the Republicans say: Let them go sick. What does that mean? Don’t repair a hole in their hearts or fix their broken arms? Don’t treat them when they get ear infections or does it just leave someone else to pay? If that is the an-swer, then tell us who? Who exactly is going to pay for the healthcare for these children? I just don’t get what the Republicans in Congress are thinking. I know they have people back in their home States who are begging them to keep healthcare coverage. Disease, acci-dents, old age, substance abuse, these misfortunes don’t ask whether you are a Democrat or a Republican before they come knocking at your door. I just don’t get how Republicans can turn their backs on people who will be hurt, but I understand whom the Re-publicans are helping. The CBO score lays it out in black and white. The budget lets you go line by line to see just whom the Repub-licans do care about. The Republican healthcare bill burns down healthcare access for millions of people in this country in order to hand out tax breaks to a tiny handful of millionaires and billionaires. The Republican budget rips away coverage for people with disabilities so that giant corporations can keep more of their giant profits. The Republican budget tosses seniors out of nursing homes and puts the brakes on Alz-heimer’s research so the richest people in this country can rake in millions in tax cuts. That is not puzzling; that is unforgivable. Let’s be clear about what is at stake here. A couple of weeks ago, I was at Malden Care Center, which is part of the Cambridge Health Alliance. Health providers like these in Massachusetts are on the frontlines, and they are fighting back against the opioid epi-demic. The folks at Cambridge Health Alli-ance told me that before the ACA, they were lucky if one out of every three people walking through their doors had health insurance. Today, after years of hard work in Massachusetts to pass bi-partisan health reform and then to im-plement the ACA, more than 97 percent of the people in our State have healthcare. More than 9 out of 10 peo-ple coming into Cambridge Health Alli-ance clinics now have coverage. Be-cause of that coverage, CHA could offer a wide range of services, including treatment for opioids. They are mak-ing headway: More lives saved, more success stories, more healthy babies. I am not going to tell the seniors and the mamas and the people on the frontlines of the opioid crisis they have to give up those gains to pay for tax cuts for the wealthiest people in this country. If Senate Republicans want to defend this indefensible budget and un-forgivable healthcare bill, then they can start by coming out from behind closed doors where they are conducting secret negotiations over healthcare. They can look the American people in the eye and admit they care more about the wealthy few in this country than they do about hard-working fami-lies and people who need our help. They can be straight up, and the American people—Democrats, Republicans, and Independents—can hold them account-able for what they are trying to do to our families and to our country. I yield the floor to my colleague from Maryland. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). The Senator from Maryland. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO WILLIAM DAUSTER Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, the Senate is an institution that re-members its giants, its lions—the Sen-ators who have served with distinction, who negotiated critical legislative deals, who fought for their States and their constituents, and who have par-ticipated in historic debates on this Senate floor. They have statues and li-braries to remember them and por-traits in these halls. The Senate has been home to many extraordinary individuals but less fre-quently acknowledged is the truth that no Senator operates alone. We rely on the counsel and good service of dedi-cated staff in both our committees and personal offices. Among those staff, there is perhaps no greater giant of the Senate than Bill Dauster, who retires this week after more than three dec-ades of service. With a clear-eyed understanding of the Senate, with all its features and its flaws, a dedication to progressive val-ues and collegiality that has endeared him to Senator and staffer alike, Bill has been an asset to this institution and to all who have served with him. I am very pleased he is with us on the floor today. Senator Harry Reid called Bill his ‘‘utility player’’ for his ability to step into any issue or complicated matter and find a solution. I am privileged that Bill Dauster joined my staff early this year to help me set up my office and get it off to a good start in the U.S. Senate. I could not have asked for a better and more knowledgeable guy as I began my serv-ice here. There are few major legislative bat-tles that Bill Dauster has not joined in the past 30 years, including the Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program, the Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act, and the Affordable Care Act. He worked for Senator Feingold when he stood against the so-called PATRIOT Act be-cause of its invasion of privacy, and he helped shepherd Democratic priorities, ranging from the minimum wage to important infrastructure investments. He has written a book on Senate pro-cedure—and I mean literally—and he has been as much a scholar of the Sen-ate as a participant in its daily life. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.037 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3185 May 25, 2017 
Bill is a leader of what the Washington Post once called ‘‘the whisper brigade,’’ the people, the staff who stand with their Senators, from committee hear-ings to floor speeches, to answer ques-tions and offer suggestions and help make us better and more prepared. In that capacity, Bill Dauster has mentored countless staff and always stayed accessible to answer the most basic questions. With a quote or a quip, he has brought levity to serious policy discussions. He has built a reputation as an honest broker, a brilliant dealmaker, and an incredibly generous soul. Bill’s character is shaped by his Jew-ish faith, which he has studied and sought to illuminate to others. He has devoted free time to analysis of the Torah on Wikipedia and many other places, crafting interpretations that are as detailed, carefully explained, and straightforward as the analysis he has provided on countless Senate bills. Bill Dauster is a devoted family man with his equally accomplished and bril-liant wife Ellen and his three children who are his pride and joy. I am very pleased that his wife Ellen and daugh-ter Emma are with us today. He is a science fiction fan, particu-larly of Star Trek, perhaps seeking sto-ries that are more believable than mod-ern politics. I wish Bill a restful retirement, but given his active mind, I suspect he would sympathize with Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes’ maxim that leisure is ‘‘a chance to do other jobs that demand attention.’’ Instead, I will thank him for his serv-ice to the Senate and his country and wish him a joyful and fulfilling next frontier. I ask my colleagues to join me in saying: Farewell, but don’t wander far. 
f 
HONORING SECOND LIEUTENANT RICHARD WILBUR COLLINS III Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I stand to pay tribute to a distinguished young man from the State of Mary-land: 2LT Richard Wilbur Collins III, a brave, brilliant, passionate, selfless, and kind American hero. Second Lieutenant Collins, a resident of Calvert County, MD, was a 23-year- old student at Bowie State University, where he was a member of the Bowie ROTC Program and was airborne-cer-tified. On May 18, just last week, he was commissioned as a second lieuten-ant in the U.S. Army’s intelligence branch. Second Lieutenant Collins was scheduled to graduate with a bachelor’s of arts in business administration from Bowie State University earlier this week. His future could not have been brighter. Tragically, Second Lieutenant Col-lins’ life was cut short by a horrific act of violence that the FBI is inves-tigating as a hate crime. We must bring the perpetrator of this evil act to justice and directly confront the rac-ism behind it. Second Lieutenant Collins’ selfless and courageous contributions to our State and Nation will continue to have a lasting impact on those who knew and loved him and on the broader com-munity who learned of his tragic and senseless death. At the young age of 23, Second Lieutenant Collins raised his right hand to protect and defend the Constitution of the United States. He was a young man of extraordinary courage and ability and will be deeply missed by all who knew him. Second Lieutenant Collins leaves be-hind his grieving family: his father, U.S. veteran Richard W. Collins II; his mother Dawn Collins, his sister Robin Collins, and countless friends. Mr. President, I ask my colleagues to join me in remembering Second Lieu-tenant Richard Wilbur Collins III and in expressing our deepest condolences to his family and friends. f 
TRUMPCARE Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, as our colleagues know, just yesterday we received the Congressional Budget Of-fice’s analysis of the most recent version of the Republican health care bill, the bill that passed out of the House of Representatives, also known as TrumpCare 2.0. I encourage all of us, every one of our colleagues, to read the CBO report and to read it carefully. For those who are interested, it can be found online at www.cbo.gov. On the front page you can link to the report, which I have here in my hand. I think it is worth reminding our col-leagues that the Congressional Budget Office is composed of professionals, budget experts, and the current Direc-tor of the Congressional Budget Office was selected by the Republican chair-man of the House Budget Committee and the Republican chairman of the Senate Budget Committee. Without an umpire on budget issues, this Senate would be in absolute chaos when it comes to determining the impact of many of our major decisions, so it is very dangerous when people start at-tacking the umpire when it comes to these important issues that can have literally life or death implications for our constituents. What you will find in this most re-cent Congressional Budget Office re-port is that the most recent House Re-publican plan is even worse than the original plan, which also was the sub-ject of a Congressional Budget Office report. What this CBO report tells us is that, like the earlier version, this so- called health bill is really a massive transfer of wealth from working-class and middle-income Americans to the top 1 percent of the wealthiest in our country and some very powerful special interests. Its title would much more fittingly be ‘‘wealthcare,’’ not healthcare. Let’s take a look at some of the find-ings that are in this report that can be found online. I turn to page 4 of the re-port, where the Congressional Budget Office reaches the conclusion that if we adopt this House proposal, if the Sen-ate votes for the House Republican bill, there will be 23 million fewer of our fel-low Americans who will have access to affordable healthcare when it is phased in than today. So if we were to adopt this, if this becomes law, we are saying to 23 million of our fellow Americans: Sorry, we are going to take away your access to affordable healthcare. It is right there on page 4. That is because what this so-called healthcare bill does is take away some of the supports that provide access to affordable healthcare. It reduces for millions of Americans the tax credits they use for their pre-miums in the Affordable Care Act ex-changes. As you will find on page 3 of this re-port, it also cuts Medicaid by $834 bil-lion. Now some people will say: Hey, no problem; that is just going to be sent to the States, and States are going to have more flexibility. The Congressional Budget Office is very clear that when you are talking about Medicaid cuts of this impact, one of two things happen: Either a lot fewer people get access to affordable healthcare or States have to raise taxes on the people in their States to ensure continued access. But this no-tion that somehow there are all these extra funds floating around and that greater flexibility will allow fewer dol-lars to go further with no negative im-pact is a fairytale. In fact, Medicaid already has lots of provisions for flexibility. They have a whole suite of waiver provisions. Our State of Maryland exercised lots of waivers under the Medicaid program to allow it to be creative and flexible. This $834 billion cut we found out about yesterday with the President’s budget is just the first round of cuts. They are proposing another almost $610 billion cut to Medicaid. Total cuts are $1.4 trillion to Medicaid. I would remind my colleagues that in addition to helping working-class Americans get access to healthcare, two-thirds of Medicaid money goes to help seniors in nursing homes, and 60 percent of seniors in nursing homes use Medicaid to help pay the bills. Two- thirds of it goes to those seniors and people with disabilities. The Congressional Budget Office is telling us that this TrumpCare 2.0, this latest version of the Republican healthcare bill, is going to result in 23 million fewer of our fellow Americans having access to healthcare. It is going to cut Medicaid, and this is just the first round, by $834 billion. Why do this? Who is benefiting from this? Well, let’s look at the very first page of the Congressional Budget Of-fice report. It reduces revenues by $992 billion. There are cuts to Medicaid by $834 billion, and it reduces revenues coming in by $992 billion, essentially transferring revenues that are going to help tens of millions of our fellow Americans get access to healthcare and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.038 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3186 May 25, 2017 
transferring that to tax breaks. Those tax breaks go overwhelmingly to the very wealthiest Americans—to the top 1 percent, in fact. One of the things we did when we put together the Affordable Care Act to help pay for it was—we said: You know what, we think wealthier households should have to pay a small fee on their unearned income to be devoted to the Medicare trust fund. Everyone in the country knows when they get that pay stub, it tells them how much is taken out for Medicare— 3.4 percent. We said: Look, that should not just apply to earned income from hard-working people. If you’re in the top 1 percent, if you are a higher in-come earner, you should also be con-tributing some of your capital gains revenue to help strengthen Medicare. That is what we did. Yet this bill provides all those house-holds with a tax cut. In fact, for mil-lionaires, the average annual tax cut as a result of this bill will be $50,000—a $50,000 tax cut to millionaires while cutting access to affordable care for 23 million of our fellow Americans. Why all these tax cuts are in some-thing masquerading as a healthcare bill, I don’t know, but we now know certainly who benefits the most from this legislation. Beyond those top 1 percent income earners, you also have insurance companies and the pharma-ceutical industry. They get some tax breaks, as well, under this legislation. Finally, I said at the outset that this TrumpCare 2.0, the most recent Repub-lican healthcare bill, is worse than the original one. The original one was rot-ten to the core. The original one had most of the provisions I am talking about. So what got added that makes this one even worse? To find that, peo-ple should look at page 5 of this report and see what happens to people in States that decide to get rid of the pa-tient protection provisions in the Af-fordable Care Act. We have heard a lot of talk about how that House bill isn’t really going to hurt people with preexisting condi-tions like diabetes and asthma. We have heard all that, but here’s what the Congressional Budget Office report says. This is what the referee, the um-pire, has to say about that with respect to those States. It says: ‘‘Community rated premiums would rise over time, and people who are less healthy,’’ and then they state ‘‘including those with preexisting conditions or newly ac-quired medical conditions,’’ right? So people who have had any kind of pre-existing condition or prior health con-dition that an insurance company will argue makes them a much greater risk—people who are less healthy and those with preexisting conditions ‘‘would ultimately be unable to pur-chase comprehensive nongroup health insurance at premiums comparable to those under current law, if they could purchase it at all.’’ They go on to say ‘‘despite the additional funding that would be available under H.R. 1628.’’ That is the House bill. Despite that additional funding to help reduce pre-miums, they go on, and I hope our col-leagues will pay attention to this con-clusion: ‘‘As a result, the nongroup markets in those states would become unstable for people with higher-than- average expected health care costs.’’ Translation: People with preexisting conditions, people who, because they had diabetes or asthma as a child or they have a congenital disease—any preexisting condition will make it much harder for them to afford any kind of coverage at all, and ultimately the nongroup markets in those States will become unstable for those people. That is why this TrumpCare 2.0, this House healthcare bill, this Republican bill, took a really rotten bill and actu-ally made it worse. It is not enough, colleagues, for peo-ple to make a few cosmetic changes to this, to put couple of bandaids on it in the Senate, and say ‘‘Hey, we made this thing better’’ because this is rot-ten to its core. If people really want to address healthcare reform, let’s work together to improve the exchanges. There are commonsense things we can do to im-prove the exchanges, but you don’t im-prove the exchanges by cutting Med-icaid by $834 billion. That has nothing to do with the exchanges. You don’t improve the exchanges by giving a windfall tax credit to the wealthiest Americans. That has nothing to do with healthcare. TrumpCare 2.0, this Republican healthcare bill, is rotten to the core. Let’s throw it out, and let’s focus on the question of fixing the exchanges. If people want to do that, we can actually get something done. But let’s not pre-tend we are doing healthcare when really what the goal so far has been is ‘‘wealthcare.’’ Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT—S. RES. 176 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that following leader remarks on Monday, June 5, the Senate proceed to the consideration of Calendar No. 107, S. Res. 176, with the time until 5:30 p.m. equally divided in the usual form; further, that at 5:30 p.m., the Senate vote on the resolution with no amendments or motions in order to the resolution or the pre-amble; finally, that if the resolution is agreed to, the preamble be agreed to and the motions to reconsider be con-sidered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session for the consideration of Executive Calendar Nos. 66 through 93 and all nominations placed on the Secretary’s desk in the Air Force, Army, Marine Corps, and Navy; that the nominations be con-firmed; that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate; that no further motions be in order; that any statements related to the nominations be printed in the RECORD ; and that the President be im-mediately notified of the Senate’s ac-tion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The nominations considered and con-firmed are as follows: 
IN THE AIR FORCE  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be major general Brig. Gen. Sean L. Murphy 
IN THE NAVY  The following named officers for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be rear admiral (lower half) Capt. John A. Okon Capt. Michael W. Studeman The following named officers for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be rear admiral (lower half) Capt. Edward L. Anderson Capt. Stuart P. Baker Capt. Michael D. Bernacchi, Jr. Capt. Frank M. Bradley Capt. Daniel L. Cheever Capt. Yvette M. Davids Capt. Brian P. Fort Capt. Peter A. Garvin Capt. William J. Houston Capt. Sara A. Joyner Capt. Frederick W. Kacher Capt. Timothy C. Kuehhas Capt. Carl A. Lahti Capt. Andrew J. Loiselle Capt. Douglas G. Perry Capt. Fred I. Pyle Capt. Erik M. Ross Capt. Paul J. Schlise Capt. James P. Waters, III 
IN THE AIR FORCE  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Bradford J. Shwedo The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Giovanni K. Tuck 
IN THE ARMY  The following named officer for appoint-ment as the Vice Chief of Staff of the Army and appointment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a po-sition of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., sections 601 and 3034: To be general Lt. Gen. James C. McConville 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.039 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3187 May 25, 2017 
The following named officer for appoint-ment as the Deputy Judge Advocate General, United States Army, and for appointment in the United States Army to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 3037 and 3064: To be major general Brig. Gen. Stuart W. Risch The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Thomas C. Seamands The following named officer for appoint-ment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be brigadier general Col. Mark E. Black The following named officer for appoint-ment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be brigadier general Col. Matthew V. Baker The following named officer for appoint-ment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be major general Brig. Gen. Chris R. Gentry The following named officer for appoint-ment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be major general Brig. Gen. Robert A. Karmazin The following named officer for appoint-ment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be major general Brig. Gen. Marion Garcia The following named officer for appoint-ment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be major general Brig. Gen. Joseph E. Whitlock The following named officer for appoint-ment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be brigadier general Col. Miguel A. Castellanos The following named officer for appoint-ment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be brigadier general Col. Windsor S. Buzza The following named officer for appoint-ment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sec-tions 12203 and 12211: To be brigadier general Col. Randall V. Simmons, Jr. The following named officer for appoint-ment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sec-tions 12203 and 12211: To be brigadier general Col. Michael D. Wickman The following named officers for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be major general Brig. Gen. Carl A. Alex Brig. Gen. Francis M. Beaudette Brig. Gen. Christopher F. Bentley Brig. Gen. Gary M. Brito Brig. Gen. Patrick W. Burden Brig. Gen. Joseph R. Calloway Brig. Gen. Paul T. Calvert Brig. Gen. Paul A. Chamberlain Brig. Gen. Ronald P. Clark Brig. Gen. Brian P. Cummings Brig. Gen. Edwin J. Deedrick, Jr. Brig. Gen. Rodney D. Fogg Brig. Gen. Robin L. Fontes Brig. Gen. Maria R. Gervais Brig. Gen. Karen H. Gibson Brig. Gen. David P. Glaser Brig. Gen. William H. Graham, Jr. Brig. Gen. James B. Jarrard Brig. Gen. Gary W. Johnston Brig. Gen. Mitchell L. Kilgo Brig. Gen. Ronald Kirklin Brig. Gen. John S. Kolasheski Brig. Gen. Viet X. Luong Brig. Gen. Patrick E. Matlock Brig. Gen. Brian J. Mennes Brig. Gen. Jeffrey L. Milhorn Brig. Gen. James J. Mingus Brig. Gen. Christopher J. Sharpsten Brig. Gen. John P. Sullivan Brig. Gen. Frank W. Tate Brig. Gen. Daniel R. Walrath Brig. Gen. Brian E. Winski The following named officers for pro-motion in the United States Army Judge Ad-vocate General’s Corps to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 624, 3037, and 3064: To be brigadier general Col. Susan K. Arnold Col. Joseph B. Berger, III Col. Robert P. Huston The following Army National Guard of the United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: To be brigadier general Col. Richard J. Lebel The following named officer for appoint-ment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sec-tions 12203 and 12211: To be brigadier general Col. Todd W. Lewis The following named officers for appoint-ment in the United States Army Medical Corps to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 624 and 3064: To be brigadier general Col. George N. Appenzeller Col. Telita Crosland 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Marine Corps to the grade indicated while assigned to a posi-tion of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Steven R. Rudder 
IN THE ARMY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Laura J. Richardson The following named officer for appoint-ment as the Judge Advocate General, United States Army, and for appointment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while serving as the Judge Advocate Gen-eral, under title 10, U.S.C., sections 601, 3037, and 3064: To be lieutenant general Brig. Gen. Charles N. Pede IN THE NAVY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be vice admiral Rear Adm. Phillip G. Sawyer 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Marine Corps to the grade indicated while assigned to a posi-tion of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Brian D. Beaudreault N
OMINATIONS PLACED ON THE SECRETARY ’S D
ESK 
IN THE AIR FORCE  PN382 AIR FORCE nomination of James E. Thompson, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 8, 2017. PN411 AIR FORCE nomination of Johanna K. Ream, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 10, 2017. PN412 AIR FORCE nominations (118) begin-ning PAUL R. AGUIRRE, and ending PETER LAWRENCE ZALEWSKI, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 10, 2017. 
IN THE ARMY  PN317 ARMY nomination of Kalie K. Rott, which was received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of April 24, 2017. PN318 ARMY nomination of Norma A. Hill, which was received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of April 24, 2017. PN319 ARMY nomination of Frank C. Pescatello, Jr., which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 24, 2017. PN320 ARMY nomination of Basim M. Younis, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 24, 2017. PN321 ARMY nomination of Stanley F. Gould, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 24, 2017. PN322 ARMY nomination of Scott W. Fish-er, which was received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of April 24, 2017. PN323 ARMY nominations (16) beginning GARY L. BEATY, and ending MICHAEL A. M. WILSON, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 24, 2017. PN324 ARMY nominations (2) beginning DANIEL J. CONVEY, and ending PHILIP A. HORTON, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of April 24, 2017. PN325 ARMY nominations (2) beginning SOPHIA DALCE, and ending BURKE LENZ, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 24, 2017. PN326 ARMY nomination of Dawn E. El-liott, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 24, 2017. PN327 ARMY nomination of D012528, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 24, 2017. PN328 ARMY nomination of Benjamin W. Hillner, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 24, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.052 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3188 May 25, 2017 
PN329 ARMY nomination of Celina S. Pargo, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 24, 2017. PN330 ARMY nomination of Paul R. Am-brose, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 24, 2017. PN331 ARMY nominations (2) beginning JAMES L. DUNGCA and ending NATHAN S. LANHAM, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of April 24, 2017. PN332 ARMY nomination of Charles R. Burnett, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 24, 2017. PN383 ARMY nomination of Pablo F. Diaz, which was received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of May 8, 2017. PN384 ARMY nomination of Craig A. Naza-reth, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 8, 2017. PN385 ARMY nomination of Brian C. McLean, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 8, 2017. PN386 ARMY nomination of Raymond C. Casteline, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 8, 2017. PN387 ARMY nomination of Daniel J. Shank, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 8, 2017. PN388 ARMY nomination of Christopher W. Degn, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 8, 2017. PN389 ARMY nomination of Jason T. Kid-der, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 8, 2017. PN390 ARMY nomination of Tito M. Villanueva, which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 8, 2017. PN391 ARMY nomination of Philip J. Dacunto, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 8, 2017. PN392 ARMY nomination of Stephen R. November, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 8, 2017. PN393 ARMY nomination of Luisa Santiago, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 8, 2017. PN394 ARMY nomination of Robert J. Bon-ner, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 8, 2017. PN413 ARMY nomination of Mohamad El Samad, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 10, 2017. PN414 ARMY nomination of Lana J. Bernat, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 10, 2017. PN415 ARMY nomination of Patrick K. Sullivan, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 10, 2017. PN416 ARMY nominations (207) beginning DEREK L. ADAMS, and ending JAMES M. YATES, which nominations were received by, the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of May 10, 2017. PN417 ARMY nominations (230) beginning RODNEY ABRAMS, and ending D010081, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 10, 2017. PN418 ARMY nominations (58) beginning CHRISTINE N. ADAMS, and ending CHARLETTE K. WOODARD, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of May 10, 2017. 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  PN171 MARINE CORPS nominations (5) be-ginning MARK S. JIMISON, and ending SHAWN P. WONDERLICH, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of March 27, 2017. PN233 MARINE CORPS nomination of Jason G. Lacis, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN235 MARINE CORPS nomination of Kevin J. Goodwin, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN341 MARINE CORPS nomination of Javier E. Vega, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 24, 2017. PN342 MARINE CORPS nomination of Ser-gio L. Sandoval, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 24, 2017. PN451 MARINE CORPS nomination of Mi-chael S. Stevens, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 10, 2017. PN452 MARINE CORPS nomination of Pat-rick J. Mullen, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 10, 2017. PN453 MARINE CORPS nominations (45) beginning RAYMOND L. ADAMS, and ending DOUGLAS S. WOODHAMS, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of May 10, 2017. 
IN THE NAVY  PN147 NAVY nomination of Susan M. McGarvey, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 27, 2017. PN168 NAVY nomination of Sheila I. Almendras-Flaherty, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of March 27, 2017. PN170 NAVY nomination of Adrian D. Ragland, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 27, 2017. PN207 NAVY nomination of Christopher R. Desena, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN212 NAVY nomination of Kenneth L. Demick, Jr., which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN214 NAVY nomination of Michael C. Bratley, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN333 NAVY nomination of Evan M. Colbert, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 24, 2017. PN334 NAVY nomination of Luciana Sung, which was received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of April 24, 2017. PN335 NAVY nomination of William A. Schultz, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 24, 2017. PN336 NAVY nomination of William L. McCoy, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 24, 2017. PN337 NAVY nomination of Chris F. White, which as received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of April 24, 2017. PN338 NAVY nomination of Karl M. Kingry, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 24, 2017. PN339 NAVY nomination of Michael A. Polito, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 24, 2017. PN340 NAVY nomination of Raymond J. Carlson, Jr., which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 24, 2017. PN343 NAVY nomination of Christopher M. Allen, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 24, 2017. PN430 NAVY nomination of Aaron L. Witherspoon, which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 10, 2017. PN437 NAVY nomination of John E. Fritz, which was received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of May 10, 2017. f EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of the following nominations: Ex-ecutive Calendar Nos. 60, 62, and 64. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomina-tions en bloc. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nations of David L. Norquist, of Vir-ginia, to be Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller); Kari A. Bingen, of Vir-ginia, to be a Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense; and Robert Story Karem, of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nominations en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate vote on the nominations en bloc with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the motions to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc; that the Presi-dent be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further mo-tions be in order; that any statements related to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD ; and that the Senate then resume legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the nomi-nations. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Hearing no further debate, the question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Norquist, Bingen, and Karem nomina-tions en bloc? The nominations were confirmed en bloc. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will now resume legislative session. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.055 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3189 May 25, 2017 
INCREASING THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS ACCOUNT-ABILITY TO VETERANS ACT OF 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans Affairs be dis-charged from further consideration of S. 12 and the Senate proceed to its im-mediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 12) to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the accountability of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Moran amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to, the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 218) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To improve the bill by striking section 2, relating to reduction of benefits for senior executives and certain health care employees of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs convicted of a felony) Strike Sec. 2. 
The bill (S. 12), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 12 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Increasing the Department of Veterans Affairs Account-ability to Veterans Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. ACCOUNTABILITY OF LEADERS FOR MAN-AGING THE DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 7 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 709 the following new section: ‘‘§ 710. Annual performance plan for political appointees ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-duct an annual performance plan for each po-litical appointee of the Department that is similar to the annual performance plan con-ducted for an employee of the Department who is appointed as a career appointee (as that term is defined in section 3132(a)(4) of title 5) within the Senior Executive Service at the Department. ‘‘(b) E
LEMENTS OF PLAN.—Each annual per-formance plan conducted under subsection (a) with respect to a political appointee of the Department shall include, to the extent applicable, an assessment of whether the ap-pointee is meeting the following goals: ‘‘(1) Recruiting, selecting, and retaining well-qualified individuals for employment at the Department. ‘‘(2) Engaging and motivating employees. ‘‘(3) Training and developing employees and preparing those employees for future leadership roles within the Department. ‘‘(4) Holding each employee of the Depart-ment that is a manager accountable for ad-dressing issues relating to performance, in particular issues relating to the performance of employees that report to the manager.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 7 of such title is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 709 the following new item: ‘‘710. Annual performance plan for political appointees.’’. 
SEC. 3. ACCOUNTABILITY OF SUPERVISORS AT DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS FOR HIRING WELL-QUALIFIED PEOPLE. 
(a) A SSESSMENT DURING PROBATIONARY PE-
RIOD.— (1) D
ETERMINATION REQUIRED .—With re- spect to any employee of the Department of Veterans Affairs who is required to serve a probationary period in a position in the De-partment, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall require the supervisor of such employee to determine, during the 30-day period end-ing on the date on which the probationary period ends, whether the employee— (A) has demonstrated successful perform-ance; and (B) should continue past the probationary period. (2) L
IMITATION ON EMPLOYMENT AFTER PRO -
BATIONARY PERIOD .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), no employee of the De-partment serving a probationary period as described in paragraph (1) may complete that probationary period unless and until the supervisor of the employee, or another supervisor capable of making the requisite determination, has made an affirmative de-termination under such paragraph. (B) P
ROBATIONARY PERIOD DEEMED COM -
PLETED .— (i) N
O DETERMINATION .—If no determination under paragraph (1) is made with respect to an employee before the end of the 60-day pe-riod following the end of the 30-day period specified in such paragraph, the employee shall be deemed to have completed the pro-bationary period of the employee effective as of the end of that 60-day period. (ii) R
ETROACTIVE EFFECT OF DETERMINA -
TION.—If an affirmative determination under paragraph (1) is made with respect to an em-ployee after the end of the 30-day period specified in such paragraph, the employee shall be deemed to have completed the pro-bationary period of the employee effective as of the end of that 30-day period. (3) N
OTIFICATION TO CONGRESS REGARDING  
DETERMINATIONS .—Not less frequently than monthly, the Secretary shall notify the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives regarding— (A) each instance during such month in which a supervisor did not make a deter-mination required under paragraph (1) dur-ing the period required in such paragraph; and (B) each such instance included in a pre-vious notification under this paragraph for which the supervisor still has not made such a determination. (b) S
UPERVISORS .—With respect to any em-ployee of the Department who is serving a probationary period in a supervisory position at the Department, successful performance under subsection (a) shall include dem-onstrating management competencies in ad-dition to the technical skills required for such position. (c) P
ERFORMANCE PLAN.—Each annual per-formance plan conducted for a supervisor of an employee serving a probationary period shall hold the supervisor accountable for— (1) providing regular feedback to such em-ployee during such period before making a determination under subsection (a) regard-ing the probationary status of such em-ployee; and (2) making a timely determination under subsection (a) regarding the probationary status of such employee. (d) SUPERVISOR DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘supervisor’’ has the meaning given such term in section 7103(a) of title 5, United States Code. 
SEC. 4. ACCOUNTABILITY OF MANAGERS FOR AD-DRESSING PERFORMANCE OF EM-PLOYEES. 
The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall en-sure that, as a part of the annual perform-ance plan of an employee of the Department of Veterans Affairs who is a manager, the manager is evaluated on the following: (1) Taking action to address poor perform-ance and misconduct among the employees that report to the manager. (2) Taking steps to improve or sustain high levels of employee engagement. 
SEC. 5. WRITTEN OPINION ON CERTAIN EMPLOY-MENT RESTRICTIONS AFTER TERMI-NATING EMPLOYMENT WITH THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 7 of title 38, United States Code, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 717. Written opinion on certain employ-ment restrictions after terminating employ-ment with the Department ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Before terminating em-ployment with the Department, any official of the Department who has participated per-sonally and substantially during the one- year period ending on the date of the termi-nation in an acquisition by the Department that exceeds $10,000,000 shall obtain a written opinion from an appropriate ethics counselor at the Department regarding any restric-tions on activities that the official may un-dertake on behalf of a covered contractor during the two-year period beginning on the date on which the official terminates such employment. ‘‘(b) C
OVERED CONTRACTOR DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘covered contractor’ means a contractor carrying out a contract entered into with the Department, including pursuant to a subcontract.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 7 of such title is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 715 the following new item: ‘‘717. Written opinion on certain employment restrictions after leaving the Department.’’. 
SEC. 6. REQUIREMENT FOR CONTRACTORS OF THE DEPARTMENT EMPLOYING CER-TAIN RECENTLY SEPARATED DE-PARTMENT EMPLOYEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 81 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sec-tion: ‘‘§ 8129. Requirement for contractors employ-ing certain recently separated Department employees ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—A covered contractor may not knowingly provide compensation to an individual described in subsection (b) dur-ing the two-year period beginning on the date on which the individual terminates em-ployment with the Department unless the covered contractor determines that the indi-vidual— ‘‘(1) has obtained the written opinion re-quired under section 717(a) of this title; or ‘‘(2) has requested such written opinion not later than 30 days before receiving com-pensation from the covered contractor. ‘‘(b) I
NDIVIDUAL DESCRIBED .—An individual described in this subsection is any official of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.054 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3190 May 25, 2017 
the Department who participated personally and substantially during the one-year period ending on the date of the termination indi-vidual’s employment with the Department in an acquisition by the Department that ex-ceeds $10,000,000. ‘‘(c) C
OVERED CONTRACTOR DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘covered contractor’ means a contractor carrying out a contract entered into with the Department, including pursuant to a subcontract.’’. (b) A
PPLICATION .—The requirement under section 8129(a) of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), shall apply with respect to any entity that enters into a contract with the Department on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 81 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 8128 the following new item: ‘‘8129. Requirement for contractors employ-ing certain recently separated Department employees.’’. f 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS BONUS TRANSPARENCY ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be dis-charged from further consideration of S. 114 and the Senate proceed to its im-mediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 114) to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to submit an annual report re-garding performance awards and bonuses awarded to certain high-level employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 114) was ordered to be en-grossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 114 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs Bonus Transparency Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ANNUAL REPORT ON PERFORMANCE AWARDS AND BONUSES AWARDED TO CERTAIN HIGH-LEVEL EMPLOY-EES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 7 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 714. Annual report on performance awards and bonuses awarded to certain high-level employees ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal year, the Sec-retary shall submit to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress a report that contains, for the most recent fiscal year ending before the submittal of the report, a description of the performance awards and bonuses award-ed to Regional Office Directors of the De-partment, Directors of Medical Centers of the Department, and Directors of Veterans Integrated Service Networks. ‘‘(b) ELEMENTS .—Each report submitted under subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing with respect to each performance award or bonus awarded to an individual de-scribed in such subsection: ‘‘(1) The amount of each award or bonus. ‘‘(2) The job title of the individual awarded the award or bonus. ‘‘(3) The location where the individual awarded the award or bonus works. ‘‘(c) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON-
GRESS .—In this section, the term ‘appro-priate committees of Congress’ means— ‘‘(1) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and ‘‘(2) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 7 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 713 the following new item: ‘‘714. Annual report on performance awards and bonuses awarded to certain high-level employees.’’. f 
DR. CHRIS KIRKPATRICK WHISTLE-BLOWER PROTECTION ACT OF 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 57, S. 585. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 585) to provide greater whistle-blower protections for Federal employees, increased awareness of Federal whistle-blower protections, and increased account-ability and required discipline for Federal supervisors who retaliate against whistle-blowers, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs, with amendments, as follows: (The parts of the bill intended to be stricken are shown in boldface brack-ets and the parts of the bill intended to be inserted are shown in italic.) 
S. 585 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick Whistleblower Protection Act of 2017’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—EMPLOYEES GENERALLY Sec. 101. Definitions. Sec. 102. Stays; probationary employees. Sec. 103. Prohibited personnel practices. Sec. 104. Discipline of supervisors based on retaliation against whistle-blowers. Sec. 105. Suicide by employees. Sec. 106. Training for supervisors. Sec. 107. Information on whistleblower pro-tections. TITLE II—DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS EMPLOYEES Sec. 201. Prevention of unauthorized access to medical records of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs. Sec. 202. Outreach on availability of mental health services available to em-ployees of the Department of Veterans Affairs. Sec. 203. Protocols to address threats against employees of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs. Sec. 204. Comptroller General of the United States study on accountability of chiefs of police of Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs med-ical centers. TITLE I—EMPLOYEES GENERALLY SEC. 101. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title— (1) the term ‘‘agency’’— (A) except as provided in subparagraph (B), means an entity that is an agency, as defined under section 2302 of title 5, United States Code, without regard to whether one or more portions of title 5 of the United States Code are inapplicable to the entity; and (B) does not include any entity that is an element of the intelligence community, as defined in section 3(4) of the National Secu-rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)); (2) the term ‘‘employee’’ means an em-ployee (as defined in section 2105 of title 5, United States Code) of an agency; and (3) the term ‘‘personnel action’’ has the meaning given that term under section 2302 of title 5, United States Code. 
SEC. 102. STAYS; PROBATIONARY EMPLOYEES. 
(a) R EQUEST BY SPECIAL COUNSEL .—Section 1214(b)(1) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) If the Merit Systems Protection Board grants a stay under this subsection, the head of the agency employing the em-ployee shall give priority to a request for a transfer submitted by the employee.’’. (b) P
ROBATIONARY EMPLOYEES .—Section 1221 of title 5, United States Code, is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) If the Merit Systems Protection Board grants a stay to an employee in probationary status under subsection (c), the head of the agency employing the employee shall give priority to a request for a transfer submitted by the employee.’’. (c) S
TUDY REGARDING RETALIATION AGAINST  P
ROBATIONARY EMPLOYEES .—The Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform of the House of Representa-tives a report discussing retaliation against employees in probationary status. 
SEC. 103. PROHIBITED PERSONNEL PRACTICES. 
Section 2302(b) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (12), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (13), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (13) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(14) access the medical record of another employee or an applicant for employment as a part of, or otherwise in furtherance of, any conduct described in paragraphs (1) through (13).’’. 
SEC. 104. DISCIPLINE OF SUPERVISORS BASED ON RETALIATION AGAINST WHISTLE-BLOWERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 75 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.050 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3191 May 25, 2017 
‘‘§ 7515. Discipline of supervisors based on re-taliation against whistleblowers ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘agency’— ‘‘(A) except as provided in subparagraph (B), means an entity that is an agency, as de-fined under section 2302, without regard to whether any other provision of this chapter is applicable to the entity; and ‘‘(B) does not include any entity that is an element of the intelligence community, as defined in section 3(4) of the National Secu-rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)); ‘‘(2) the term ‘prohibited personnel action’ means taking or failing to take an action in violation of paragraph (8), (9), or (14) of sec-tion 2302(b) against an employee of an agen-cy; and ‘‘(3) the term ‘supervisor’ means an em-ployee who would be a supervisor, as defined under section 7103(a), if the entity employing the employee was an agency. ‘‘(b) P
ROPOSED DISCIPLINARY ACTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If the head of the agency employing a supervisor, an administrative law judge, the Merit Systems Protection Board, the Special Counsel, a judge of the United States, or the Inspector General of the agency employing a supervisor deter-mines that the supervisor has committed a prohibited personnel action, the head of the agency employing the supervisor, in accord-ance with the procedures required under paragraph (2)— ‘‘(A) for the first prohibited personnel ac-tion committed by a supervisor— ‘‘(i) shall propose suspending the super-visor for a period of not less than 3 days; and ‘‘(ii) may, in addition to a suspension de-scribed in clause (i), propose any other ac-tion, including a reduction in grade or pay, that the head of the agency determines ap-propriate; and ‘‘(B) for the second prohibited personnel action committed by a supervisor, shall pro-pose removing the supervisor. ‘‘(2) P
ROCEDURES .— ‘‘(A) N
OTICE .—A supervisor against whom an action is proposed to be taken under para-graph (1) is entitled to written notice— ‘‘(i) stating the specific reasons for the pro-posed action; and ‘‘(ii) informing the supervisor of the right of the supervisor to review the material which is relied on to support the reasons for the proposed action. ‘‘(B) A
NSWER AND EVIDENCE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—A supervisor who is noti-fied under subparagraph (A) that the super-visor is the subject of a proposed action under paragraph (1) is entitled to 14 days fol-lowing such notification to answer and fur-nish evidence in support of the answer. ‘‘(ii) N
O EVIDENCE FURNISHED ; INSUFFICIENT  
EVIDENCE .—After the end of the 14-day period described in clause (i), if a supervisor does not furnish evidence as described in clause (i) or if the head of the agency determines that such evidence is not sufficient to re-verse the proposed action, the head of the agency shall carry out the action. ‘‘(C) S
COPE OF PROCEDURES .—An action car-ried out under this section— ‘‘(i) except as provided in clause (ii), shall be subject to the same requirements and pro-cedures (including regarding appeals) as an action under section 7503, 7513, or 7543; and ‘‘(ii) shall not be subject to— ‘‘(I) paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 7503(b); ‘‘(II) paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b) and subsection (c) of section 7513; or ‘‘(III) paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b) and subsection (c) of section 7543. ‘‘(3) D
ELEGATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (B), the head of an agency may delegate any authority or responsibility under this subsection. ‘‘(B) NONDELEGABILITY OF DETERMINATION  
REGARDING PROHIBITED PERSONNEL ACTION .—If the head of an agency is responsible for de-termining whether a supervisor has com-mitted a prohibited personnel action for pur-poses of paragraph (1), the head of the agen-cy may not delegate that responsibility.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for subchapter II of chapter 75 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘7515. Discipline of supervisors based on re-taliation against whistle-blowers.’’. 
SEC. 105. SUICIDE BY EMPLOYEES. 
(a) R EFERRAL .—The head of an agency shall refer to the Special Counsel, along with any information known to the agency re-garding the circumstances described in para-graphs (2) and (3), any instance in which the head of the agency has information indi-cating— (1) an employee of the agency committed suicide; (2) prior to the death of the employee, the employee made any disclosure of informa-tion which reasonably evidences— (A) any violation of any law, rule, or regu-lation; or (B) gross mismanagement, a gross waste of funds, an abuse of authority, or a substantial and specific danger to public health or safe-ty; and (3) after a disclosure described in para-graph (2), a personnel action was taken against the employee. (b) O
FFICE OF SPECIAL COUNSEL REVIEW .— For any referral to the Special Counsel under subsection (a), the Special Counsel shall— (1) examine whether any personnel action was taken because of any disclosure of infor-mation described in subsection (a)(2); and (2) take any action the Special Counsel de-termines appropriate under subchapter II of chapter 12 of title 5, United States Code. 
SEC. 106. TRAINING FOR SUPERVISORS. 
In consultation with the Special Counsel and the Inspector General of the agency (or senior ethics official of the agency for an agency without an Inspector General), the head of each agency shall provide training regarding how to respond to complaints al-leging a violation of whistleblower protec-tions (as defined in section 2307 of title 5, United States Code, as added by section 107) available to employees of the agency— (1) to employees appointed to supervisory positions in the agency who have not pre-viously served as a supervisor; and (2) on an annual basis, to all employees of the agency serving in a supervisory position. 
SEC. 107. INFORMATION ON WHISTLEBLOWER PROTECTIONS. 
(a) E XISTING PROVISION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 2302 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking subsection (c); and (B) by redesignating subsections (d), (e), and (f) as subsections (c), (d), and (e), respec-tively. (2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (A) Section 4505a(b)(2) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 2302(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2302(c)’’. (B) Section 5755(b)(2) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 2302(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2302(c)’’. (C) Section 110(b)(2) of the Whistleblower Protection Enhancement Act of 2012 (5 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended by striking ‘‘section ø2303(f)(1)¿ 2302(f)(1) or (2)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section ø2303(e)(1)¿ 2302(e)(1) or (2)’’. ø(D) Section 704 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 344) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘2302(c)’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘2307’’.¿ (øE¿D) Section 1217(d)(3) of the Panama Canal Act of 1979 (22 U.S.C. 3657(d)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 2302(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2302(c)’’. (øF¿E) Section 1233(b) of the Panama Canal Act of 1979 (22 U.S.C. 3673(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 2302(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 2302(c)’’. (b) PROVISION OF INFORMATION .—Chapter 23 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 2307. Information on whistleblower protec-tions ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘agency’— ‘‘(A) except as provided in subparagraph (B), has the meaning given that term in sec-tion 2302; and ‘‘(B) does not include any entity that is an element of the intelligence community, as defined in section 3(4) of the National Secu-rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)); ‘‘(2) the term ‘new employee’ means an in-dividual— ‘‘(A) appointed to a position as an em-ployee of an agency on or after the date of enactment of the Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick Whistleblower Protection Act of 2017; and ‘‘(B) who has not previously served as an employee; and ‘‘(3) the term ‘whistleblower protections’ means the protections against and remedies for a prohibited personnel practice described in paragraph (8), subparagraph (A)(i), (B), (C), or (D) of paragraph (9), or paragraph (14) of section 2302(b). ‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF HEAD OF AGEN-
CY.—The head of each agency shall be re-sponsible for the prevention of prohibited personnel practices, for the compliance with and enforcement of applicable civil service laws, rules, and regulations, and other as-pects of personnel management, and for en-suring (in consultation with the Special Counsel and the Inspector General of the agency) that employees of the agency are in-formed of the rights and remedies available to them under this chapter and chapter 12, including— ‘‘(1) information regarding whistleblower protections available to new employees dur-ing the probationary period; ‘‘(2) the role of the Office of Special Coun-sel and the Merit Systems Protection Board with regard to whistleblower protections; and ‘‘(3) how to make a lawful disclosure of in-formation that is specifically required by law or Executive order to be kept classified in the interest of national defense or the conduct of foreign affairs to the Special Counsel, the Inspector General of an agency, Congress, or other agency employee des-ignated to receive such disclosures. ‘‘(c) T
IMING .—The head of each agency shall ensure that the information required to be provided under subsection (b) is provided to each new employee of the agency not later than 6 months after the date the new em-ployee begins performing service as an em-ployee. ‘‘(d) I
NFORMATION ONLINE .—The head of each agency shall make available informa-tion regarding whistleblower protections ap-plicable to employees of the agency on the public website of the agency, and on any on-line portal that is made available only to employees of the agency if one exists. ‘‘(e) D
ELEGEES .—Any employee to whom the head of an agency delegates authority for personnel management, or for any aspect thereof, shall, within the limits of the scope of the delegation, be responsible for the ac-tivities described in subsection (b).’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:57 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.057 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3192 May 25, 2017 
(c) T ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 23 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘2307. Information on whistleblower protec-tions.’’. TITLE II—DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS EMPLOYEES 
SEC. 201. PREVENTION OF UNAUTHORIZED AC-CESS TO MEDICAL RECORDS OF EM-PLOYEES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) D EVELOPMENT OF PLAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall— (A) develop a plan to prevent access to the medical records of employees of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs by employees of the Department who are not authorized to access such records; (B) submit to the appropriate committees of Congress the plan developed under sub-paragraph (A); and (C) upon request, provide a briefing to the appropriate committees of Congress with re-spect to the plan developed under subpara-graph (A). (2) E
LEMENTS .—The plan required under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A detailed assessment of strategic goals of the Department for the prevention of unauthorized access to the medical records of employees of the Department. (B) A list of circumstances in which an em-ployee of the Department who is not a health care provider or an assistant to a health care provider would be authorized to access the medical records of another employee of the Department. (C) Steps that the Secretary will take to acquire new or implement existing tech-nology to prevent an employee of the De-partment from accessing the medical records of another employee of the Department with-out a specific need to access such records. (D) Steps the Secretary will take, includ-ing plans to issue new regulations, as nec-essary, to ensure that an employee of the De-partment may not access the medical records of another employee of the Depart-ment for the purpose of retrieving demo-graphic information if that demographic in-formation is available to the employee in an-other location or through another format. (E) A proposed timetable for the imple-mentation of such plan. (F) An estimate of the costs associated with implementing such plan. (b) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform and the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs of the House of Representa-tives. 
SEC. 202. OUTREACH ON AVAILABILITY OF MEN-TAL HEALTH SERVICES AVAILABLE TO EMPLOYEES OF THE DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall conduct a program of outreach to employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs to in-form those employees of any mental health services, including telemedicine options, that are available to them. 
SEC. 203. PROTOCOLS TO ADDRESS THREATS AGAINST EMPLOYEES OF THE DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall en-sure protocols are in effect to address threats from individuals receiving health care from the Department of Veterans Af-fairs directed towards employees of the De-partment who are providing such health care. SEC. 204. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES STUDY ON AC-COUNTABILITY OF CHIEFS OF PO-LICE OF DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS MEDICAL CENTERS. 
The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study to assess the re-porting, staffing, accountability, and chain of command structure of the Department of Veterans Affairs police officers at medical centers of the Department. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported amendments be con-sidered and agreed to; the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendments were agreed to. The bill (S. 585), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 585 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick Whistleblower Protection Act of 2017’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—EMPLOYEES GENERALLY Sec. 101. Definitions. Sec. 102. Stays; probationary employees. Sec. 103. Prohibited personnel practices. Sec. 104. Discipline of supervisors based on retaliation against whistle-blowers. Sec. 105. Suicide by employees. Sec. 106. Training for supervisors. Sec. 107. Information on whistleblower pro-tections. TITLE II—DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS EMPLOYEES Sec. 201. Prevention of unauthorized access to medical records of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs. Sec. 202. Outreach on availability of mental health services available to em-ployees of the Department of Veterans Affairs. Sec. 203. Protocols to address threats against employees of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs. Sec. 204. Comptroller General of the United States study on accountability of chiefs of police of Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs med-ical centers. TITLE I—EMPLOYEES GENERALLY 
SEC. 101. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title— (1) the term ‘‘agency’’— (A) except as provided in subparagraph (B), means an entity that is an agency, as defined under section 2302 of title 5, United States Code, without regard to whether one or more portions of title 5 of the United States Code are inapplicable to the entity; and (B) does not include any entity that is an element of the intelligence community, as defined in section 3(4) of the National Secu-rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)); (2) the term ‘‘employee’’ means an em-ployee (as defined in section 2105 of title 5, United States Code) of an agency; and (3) the term ‘‘personnel action’’ has the meaning given that term under section 2302 of title 5, United States Code. SEC. 102. STAYS; PROBATIONARY EMPLOYEES. 
(a) R EQUEST BY SPECIAL COUNSEL .—Section 1214(b)(1) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) If the Merit Systems Protection Board grants a stay under this subsection, the head of the agency employing the em-ployee shall give priority to a request for a transfer submitted by the employee.’’. (b) P
ROBATIONARY EMPLOYEES .—Section 1221 of title 5, United States Code, is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) If the Merit Systems Protection Board grants a stay to an employee in probationary status under subsection (c), the head of the agency employing the employee shall give priority to a request for a transfer submitted by the employee.’’. (c) S
TUDY REGARDING RETALIATION AGAINST  P
ROBATIONARY EMPLOYEES .—The Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform of the House of Representa-tives a report discussing retaliation against employees in probationary status. 
SEC. 103. PROHIBITED PERSONNEL PRACTICES. 
Section 2302(b) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (12), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (13), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (13) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(14) access the medical record of another employee or an applicant for employment as a part of, or otherwise in furtherance of, any conduct described in paragraphs (1) through (13).’’. 
SEC. 104. DISCIPLINE OF SUPERVISORS BASED ON RETALIATION AGAINST WHISTLE-BLOWERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 75 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 7515. Discipline of supervisors based on re-taliation against whistleblowers ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘agency’— ‘‘(A) except as provided in subparagraph (B), means an entity that is an agency, as de-fined under section 2302, without regard to whether any other provision of this chapter is applicable to the entity; and ‘‘(B) does not include any entity that is an element of the intelligence community, as defined in section 3(4) of the National Secu-rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)); ‘‘(2) the term ‘prohibited personnel action’ means taking or failing to take an action in violation of paragraph (8), (9), or (14) of sec-tion 2302(b) against an employee of an agen-cy; and ‘‘(3) the term ‘supervisor’ means an em-ployee who would be a supervisor, as defined under section 7103(a), if the entity employing the employee was an agency. ‘‘(b) P
ROPOSED DISCIPLINARY ACTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If the head of the agency employing a supervisor, an administrative law judge, the Merit Systems Protection Board, the Special Counsel, a judge of the United States, or the Inspector General of the agency employing a supervisor deter-mines that the supervisor has committed a prohibited personnel action, the head of the agency employing the supervisor, in accord-ance with the procedures required under paragraph (2)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.057 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3193 May 25, 2017 
‘‘(A) for the first prohibited personnel ac-tion committed by a supervisor— ‘‘(i) shall propose suspending the super-visor for a period of not less than 3 days; and ‘‘(ii) may, in addition to a suspension de-scribed in clause (i), propose any other ac-tion, including a reduction in grade or pay, that the head of the agency determines ap-propriate; and ‘‘(B) for the second prohibited personnel action committed by a supervisor, shall pro-pose removing the supervisor. ‘‘(2) P
ROCEDURES .— ‘‘(A) N
OTICE .—A supervisor against whom an action is proposed to be taken under para-graph (1) is entitled to written notice— ‘‘(i) stating the specific reasons for the pro-posed action; and ‘‘(ii) informing the supervisor of the right of the supervisor to review the material which is relied on to support the reasons for the proposed action. ‘‘(B) A
NSWER AND EVIDENCE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—A supervisor who is noti-fied under subparagraph (A) that the super-visor is the subject of a proposed action under paragraph (1) is entitled to 14 days fol-lowing such notification to answer and fur-nish evidence in support of the answer. ‘‘(ii) N
O EVIDENCE FURNISHED ; INSUFFICIENT  
EVIDENCE .—After the end of the 14-day period described in clause (i), if a supervisor does not furnish evidence as described in clause (i) or if the head of the agency determines that such evidence is not sufficient to re-verse the proposed action, the head of the agency shall carry out the action. ‘‘(C) S
COPE OF PROCEDURES .—An action car-ried out under this section— ‘‘(i) except as provided in clause (ii), shall be subject to the same requirements and pro-cedures (including regarding appeals) as an action under section 7503, 7513, or 7543; and ‘‘(ii) shall not be subject to— ‘‘(I) paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 7503(b); ‘‘(II) paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b) and subsection (c) of section 7513; or ‘‘(III) paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b) and subsection (c) of section 7543. ‘‘(3) D
ELEGATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (B), the head of an agency may delegate any authority or responsibility under this subsection. ‘‘(B) N
ONDELEGABILITY OF DETERMINATION  
REGARDING PROHIBITED PERSONNEL ACTION .—If the head of an agency is responsible for de-termining whether a supervisor has com-mitted a prohibited personnel action for pur-poses of paragraph (1), the head of the agen-cy may not delegate that responsibility.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for subchapter II of chapter 75 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘7515. Discipline of supervisors based on re-taliation against whistle-blowers.’’. 
SEC. 105. SUICIDE BY EMPLOYEES. 
(a) R EFERRAL .—The head of an agency shall refer to the Special Counsel, along with any information known to the agency re-garding the circumstances described in para-graphs (2) and (3), any instance in which the head of the agency has information indi-cating— (1) an employee of the agency committed suicide; (2) prior to the death of the employee, the employee made any disclosure of informa-tion which reasonably evidences— (A) any violation of any law, rule, or regu-lation; or (B) gross mismanagement, a gross waste of funds, an abuse of authority, or a substantial and specific danger to public health or safe-ty; and (3) after a disclosure described in para-graph (2), a personnel action was taken against the employee. (b) OFFICE OF SPECIAL COUNSEL REVIEW .— For any referral to the Special Counsel under subsection (a), the Special Counsel shall— (1) examine whether any personnel action was taken because of any disclosure of infor-mation described in subsection (a)(2); and (2) take any action the Special Counsel de-termines appropriate under subchapter II of chapter 12 of title 5, United States Code. 
SEC. 106. TRAINING FOR SUPERVISORS. 
In consultation with the Special Counsel and the Inspector General of the agency (or senior ethics official of the agency for an agency without an Inspector General), the head of each agency shall provide training regarding how to respond to complaints al-leging a violation of whistleblower protec-tions (as defined in section 2307 of title 5, United States Code, as added by section 107) available to employees of the agency— (1) to employees appointed to supervisory positions in the agency who have not pre-viously served as a supervisor; and (2) on an annual basis, to all employees of the agency serving in a supervisory position. 
SEC. 107. INFORMATION ON WHISTLEBLOWER PROTECTIONS. 
(a) E XISTING PROVISION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 2302 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking subsection (c); and (B) by redesignating subsections (d), (e), and (f) as subsections (c), (d), and (e), respec-tively. (2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (A) Section 4505a(b)(2) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 2302(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2302(c)’’. (B) Section 5755(b)(2) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 2302(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2302(c)’’. (C) Section 110(b)(2) of the Whistleblower Protection Enhancement Act of 2012 (5 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended by striking ‘‘section 2302(f)(1) or (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 2302(e)(1) or (2)’’. (D) Section 1217(d)(3) of the Panama Canal Act of 1979 (22 U.S.C. 3657(d)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 2302(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2302(c)’’. (E) Section 1233(b) of the Panama Canal Act of 1979 (22 U.S.C. 3673(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 2302(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 2302(c)’’. (b) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION .—Chapter 23 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 2307. Information on whistleblower protec-tions ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘agency’— ‘‘(A) except as provided in subparagraph (B), has the meaning given that term in sec-tion 2302; and ‘‘(B) does not include any entity that is an element of the intelligence community, as defined in section 3(4) of the National Secu-rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)); ‘‘(2) the term ‘new employee’ means an in-dividual— ‘‘(A) appointed to a position as an em-ployee of an agency on or after the date of enactment of the Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick Whistleblower Protection Act of 2017; and ‘‘(B) who has not previously served as an employee; and ‘‘(3) the term ‘whistleblower protections’ means the protections against and remedies for a prohibited personnel practice described in paragraph (8), subparagraph (A)(i), (B), (C), or (D) of paragraph (9), or paragraph (14) of section 2302(b). ‘‘(b) RESPONSIBILITIES OF HEAD OF AGEN-
CY.—The head of each agency shall be re-sponsible for the prevention of prohibited personnel practices, for the compliance with and enforcement of applicable civil service laws, rules, and regulations, and other as-pects of personnel management, and for en-suring (in consultation with the Special Counsel and the Inspector General of the agency) that employees of the agency are in-formed of the rights and remedies available to them under this chapter and chapter 12, including— ‘‘(1) information regarding whistleblower protections available to new employees dur-ing the probationary period; ‘‘(2) the role of the Office of Special Coun-sel and the Merit Systems Protection Board with regard to whistleblower protections; and ‘‘(3) how to make a lawful disclosure of in-formation that is specifically required by law or Executive order to be kept classified in the interest of national defense or the conduct of foreign affairs to the Special Counsel, the Inspector General of an agency, Congress, or other agency employee des-ignated to receive such disclosures. ‘‘(c) T
IMING .—The head of each agency shall ensure that the information required to be provided under subsection (b) is provided to each new employee of the agency not later than 6 months after the date the new em-ployee begins performing service as an em-ployee. ‘‘(d) I
NFORMATION ONLINE .—The head of each agency shall make available informa-tion regarding whistleblower protections ap-plicable to employees of the agency on the public website of the agency, and on any on-line portal that is made available only to employees of the agency if one exists. ‘‘(e) D
ELEGEES .—Any employee to whom the head of an agency delegates authority for personnel management, or for any aspect thereof, shall, within the limits of the scope of the delegation, be responsible for the ac-tivities described in subsection (b).’’. (c) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 23 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘2307. Information on whistleblower protec-tions.’’. TITLE II—DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS EMPLOYEES 
SEC. 201. PREVENTION OF UNAUTHORIZED AC-CESS TO MEDICAL RECORDS OF EM-PLOYEES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) D EVELOPMENT OF PLAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall— (A) develop a plan to prevent access to the medical records of employees of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs by employees of the Department who are not authorized to access such records; (B) submit to the appropriate committees of Congress the plan developed under sub-paragraph (A); and (C) upon request, provide a briefing to the appropriate committees of Congress with re-spect to the plan developed under subpara-graph (A). (2) E
LEMENTS .—The plan required under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A detailed assessment of strategic goals of the Department for the prevention of unauthorized access to the medical records of employees of the Department. (B) A list of circumstances in which an em-ployee of the Department who is not a health care provider or an assistant to a health care 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.058 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3194 May 25, 2017 
provider would be authorized to access the medical records of another employee of the Department. (C) Steps that the Secretary will take to acquire new or implement existing tech-nology to prevent an employee of the De-partment from accessing the medical records of another employee of the Department with-out a specific need to access such records. (D) Steps the Secretary will take, includ-ing plans to issue new regulations, as nec-essary, to ensure that an employee of the De-partment may not access the medical records of another employee of the Depart-ment for the purpose of retrieving demo-graphic information if that demographic in-formation is available to the employee in an-other location or through another format. (E) A proposed timetable for the imple-mentation of such plan. (F) An estimate of the costs associated with implementing such plan. (b) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform and the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs of the House of Representa-tives. 
SEC. 202. OUTREACH ON AVAILABILITY OF MEN-TAL HEALTH SERVICES AVAILABLE TO EMPLOYEES OF THE DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall conduct a program of outreach to employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs to in-form those employees of any mental health services, including telemedicine options, that are available to them. 
SEC. 203. PROTOCOLS TO ADDRESS THREATS AGAINST EMPLOYEES OF THE DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall en-sure protocols are in effect to address threats from individuals receiving health care from the Department of Veterans Af-fairs directed towards employees of the De-partment who are providing such health care. 
SEC. 204. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES STUDY ON AC-COUNTABILITY OF CHIEFS OF PO-LICE OF DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS MEDICAL CENTERS. 
The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study to assess the re-porting, staffing, accountability, and chain of command structure of the Department of Veterans Affairs police officers at medical centers of the Department. f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT—S. 1094 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that following the disposition of the Elwood nomina-tion, the Senate proceed to the consid-eration of S. 1094, the Department of Veterans Affairs Accountability Act; that the committee-reported substitute be adopted, and that there then be 3 hours of debate, equally divided in the usual form; and that following the use or yielding back of time, the bill, as amended, be read a third time and the Senate proceed to vote on passage with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alaska. f 
TRIBUTE TO ALASKA ARMY AND AIR NATIONAL GUARD SERVICE-MEMBERS Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, every week I have been coming down to the Senate floor to honor an individual who is serving in my great State of Alaska, who is helping to make our State, his or her local community, or even our country a better place. We call these individuals our Alaskan of the Week. Alaska carries a mystique. We all know that. I am a little biased, but it does, rightfully so. It is a beautiful State. We all think it is the most beau-tiful State in the world. I encourage everybody who is watching from the Gallery or on TV to make sure they take at least one trip to Alaska some-time in their life. You will love it. It will be the trip of a lifetime. But Alaska is much more than just a beautiful State. It is actually a State that is critically important to Amer-ica—critically important to our coun-try. We have abundant natural re-sources: fish, metals, minerals, and oil and gas. They are resources that help feed our country, help build our coun-try, and help power our country. Further, given today’s threats, we are also the most strategically located State in the country. In fact, General Billy Mitchell, father of the Air Force, said in testimony to the Congress in the 1930s that Alaska was ‘‘the most important strategic place in the world,’’ which could control Asia, North America, and Europe. He said that whoever controls Alaska controls the world. In Alaska, we are the hub of combat airpower for the Asia-Pacific and the rest of the world. We are also a vital expeditionary platform, with some of the Army’s best trained troops, who can deploy anywhere in the world on a moment’s notice. Importantly, we are the cornerstone of our country’s mis-sile defense system. What makes this military triad truly exceptional is the Arctic-tough women and men in uniform supporting each of these pillars of America’s military might in Alaska, who work day and night to ensure that our country is safe. Following Armed Forces Day a few days ago, where we honor all of those who currently serve in the military— and we are all going to be celebrating in a few days Memorial Day to honor those who gave their lives serving our country—I recognize a group of proud Alaskans who help protect our coun-try. These individuals were recently awarded the 2017 Alaska Missile De-fender of the Year award from the Mis-sile Defense Advocacy Alliance. Today, they are our Alaskans of the Week. These are National Guard service-members from the Alaska Army and Air National Guard who have dem-onstrated leadership, excellence, and selfless commitment in their operation of the U.S. Ground-based Midcourse Defense system, at Fort Greely, and the Early Warning Radar system at Clear Air Force Station in Alaska, over the past year. Essentially, these are the men and women who keep our country safe with America’s most so-phisticated missile defense system. So I would like to read their names on the Senate floor. Base defenders of the year from the 213th Space Warning Squadron at Clear Air Force Station: SSgt Jonathan Ri-vera-Calderon and SSgt Stanislav Barilov. Missile defenders of the year from the 213th Space Warning Squadron at Clear Air Force Station: Capt. Erik Haugen and TSgt Mark Lockwood. Base defenders of the year from Fort Greely: SGT Nathan Williams and SGT Travis Hall. Best crew winners from the 49th Mis-sile Defense Battalion, Delta Crew: MAJ Michael Long, CPT Anthony Mon-toya, 1LT Rachel Simmons, SSG Caro-line Domenech, and SGT Jose Aponte. These Alaskan missile defenders con-tinue to stand ready and excel as they protect our country and our citizens from an increasingly diverse set of na-tional security threats. They are just a few of the 300 men and women missile defenders in interior Alaska who, every day, protect the entire United States. They like to call themselves the ‘‘300 protecting the 300 million.’’ I think of them as modern-day Spartans, the 300 Spartans who fought alongside King Leonidas to protect Greece in 480 BC. That is who they are, modern-day Spartans. The mission of these men and women is to protect the entire country from a rogue missile threat—whether from North Korea, Iran, or another coun-try—that could hit any city in Amer-ica. This is what they do 365 days a year, 24/7. They are on call on Christ-mas, New Year’s, and Super Bowl Sun-day. They are tough, well-trained, and they are committed patriots of Amer-ica. We face a dizzying array of threats across the globe. But the one that keeps not only me but many Members of the Senate and our military up at night right now is the threat from North Korea. There is no doubt that North Korea and the leader of that country are intent on obtaining and nuclear-tipped intercontinental bal-listic missile that can range our entire country. Recent unclassified briefings on this issue have said it is no longer a matter of if but when North Korea is going to have this capability. To protect us from this impending threat, this advancing threat, a num-ber of us introduced a bill this past week to enhance our missile defense system across the country. While Alas-ka’s missile defenders currently keep us safe, like many in our military they need more training and better tech-nology so these brave men and women 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.058 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3195 May 25, 2017 
can do their job and continue to keep America safe in the future. Leading up to Memorial Day, I want to make sure to thank all who have served and continue to serve our Na-tion in uniform. I especially honor those who made the ultimate sacrifice, and, of course, their families. I also want to make sure I recognize Alaska’s missile defenders. While millions of Americans will be outside this week-end, having a barbecue and celebrating Memorial Day, every American in this country can rest assured that these brave missile defenders in Alaska, men and women like the Spartans of old, stand watch to defend our freedoms. They are doing it today and they will do it on Memorial Day, just like they do every day of the year. That is why all of them, in my view, merit the award of Alaskans of the Week. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO WADE QUIGLEY Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I wish to recognize another Alaskan, one who happens to be right here in the Senate Chamber, Senate Page Wade Quigley. I think we should call him the Junior Alaskan of the Week. Wade is from Girdwood, AK. He is ac-tually right here, getting a little red in the face. I think he is slightly embar-rassed. Girdwood was originally called Glacier City, for the ice-capped moun-tains surrounding the town. About a 45- minute drive from Anchorage, it is a very, very special place. My wife Julie and I and our three daughters love Girdwood. We spend a lot of time there skiing and enjoying the outdoors. Wade is now 16 years old. When I was told that this morning, I was a little surprised. He is much more mature than 16. He will be entering his senior year at South Anchorage High School, the school that my daughter Laurel at-tends, next fall. Like a true Alaskan, Wade takes full advantage of our State’s abundant nat-ural resources, teaching skiing in the winter and commercial fishing for pink salmon during the summers in Kodiak, AK. In DC, Wade has been doing a great job serving in the U.S. Senate as a page. According to those who supervise him, as well as his fellow pages, Wade is eager to take any opportunity to talk or learn about his State. The es-teemed Laura Dove herself has referred to Wade as ‘‘Alaska’s best ambas-sador.’’ I thought that is what Senator M
URKOWSKI and I were supposed to be. It is a grand compliment. Others say he has a heart for public service, humor, and kindness. He is extremely well- liked throughout this building. In just 2 weeks, Wade and all the pages will complete their service as Senate pages. By the way, it is very, very hard work. They are up at 5 o’clock a.m., studying at 6 o’clock a.m., classes until 9 o’clock, and then working in the Senate until the wee hours. I thank Wade and all the Senate pages for their service to the Senate, to their States, to their country. Wade’s energy and upbeat outlook will be missed in this body. Even though he is leaving us in the Senate, Wade hopes to continue his service to his country by attending the U.S. Air Force Academy. Whatever his final path is, I am sure he will bring to it the same work ethic and the same love for his country and for Alaska and, I believe now, after 6 months, for the U.S. Senate. Wade, to you and all the pages who have done such a great job, thank you, and, yes, thank you for being the Jun-ior Alaskan of the Week. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Hampshire. f 
OPIOID EPIDEMIC Ms. HASSAN. Mr. President, I rise today to join my colleagues to discuss the heroin, fentanyl, and opioid crisis that has devastated communities across our Nation. I want to thank the Senator from West Virginia for giving us the floor today and for his continued leadership in working to combat this crisis. It is going to take an all-hands- on-deck approach, with Members of both parties and at all levels of govern-ment working with those on the frontlines to find solutions. We recently received near final infor-mation on the number of lives lost last year and the specific substances in-volved in New Hampshire as a result of this crisis. What is clear is that the threat continues to evolve and grow. In 2016 alone, there were 477 confirmed overdose deaths in New Hampshire. That is an increase from 439 deaths in 2015 and 326 in 2014. Already this year, there have been 73 confirmed overdose deaths in my State, with another 86 suspected cases awaiting final toxi-cology results. In recent months, we have seen new deadly challenges that are emerging. A few weeks ago, I met with members of the Drug Enforcement Agency in New Hampshire. Among the topics we dis-cussed was the spread of a dangerous synthetic drug, carfentanil. Carfentanil is 100 times stronger than even fentanyl. It is killing people faster, and we are seeing its deadly use rising in New Hampshire. We have seen six con-firmed deaths from carfentanil in the past few weeks. During my meeting with the DEA, I heard from those on the frontlines about the dangerous impacts it has on their lives as well. Carfentanil and other fentanyl compounds are so dan-gerous that they can put first respond-ers at risk if they are exposed. It is clear that we must do more to support those struggling and those on the frontlines to stem and ultimately reverse the tide of this crisis. We need more resources to address this problem because people are dying. What we can-not do is institute policies that would make matters worse. I am encouraged that the Trump ad-ministration has discussed the severity of this crisis, but their actions so far don’t match their words. The Presi-dent’s budget that was announced this week would have devastating con-sequences on efforts to combat this cri-sis. This budget includes hundreds of millions of dollars in cuts to the Sub-stance Abuse and Mental Health Serv-ices Administration. It also cuts the High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas Program. This is a program that pro-vides key support to law enforcement officials on the frontlines. I am particularly disturbed by this administration’s continued attacks on Medicaid. Medicaid has been critical to ensuring that Granite Staters strug-gling with addiction have access to treatment and recovery services. The drastic cuts to Medicaid in the Presi-dent’s budget proposal go above and be-yond even the devastating cuts in-cluded in the dangerous TrumpCare bill that passed through the House of Rep-resentatives. This budget proposes cut-ting $610 billion to Medicaid, which is on top of the $839 billion cut in TrumpCare. TrumpCare also ends Med-icaid expansion, which experts have said is the No. 1 tool we have in com-bating this crisis. TrumpCare undermines the require-ment that insurance companies must cover mental health and substance use disorder services. According to yester-day’s CBO report, this could lead to out-of-pocket costs totaling thousands of dollars for people seeking these serv-ices. In the midst of this crisis, we need to be strengthening prevention, treat-ment, and recovery efforts and giving stronger support to those on the frontlines, but these recent actions by this administration show that Presi-dent Trump is failing to live up to his own words on this deadly epidemic. And cuts to programs that help people in the throes of addiction are irrespon-sible, unacceptable, and unconscion-able. I am grateful to many of my col-leagues for reaching across the aisle to propose policies to address this epi-demic. This is an issue that rises above partisanship, and this is work we need to be doing because the lives of the people of our States depend upon it. I am going to continue to work with my colleagues on solutions, while standing firm against proposals that would pull us backward. I again thank Senator M
ANCHIN for his leadership on this issue. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.058 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3196 May 25, 2017 
TRIBUTE TO RON HINDLE Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I rise to de-liver a difficult speech. My senior com-munications adviser, Ron Hindle, is re-tiring after more than 30 years in the U.S. Senate. If you do some quick math, you will realize that Ron has been part of the Senate longer than I have. I came here in January of 1997 and quickly learned Ron would be an indispensable part of my team. Pre-viously, he had worked for my prede-cessor, Al Simpson. That meant he knew Wyoming, and he knew how to communicate with Wyomingites. I am so glad I hired Ron when I came to DC. He has written some of the best speeches I have given over the past 20 years. When Ron told me he was retir-ing, I went back and looked at a few of his remarks between tears. When my longtime State director re-tired, Ron wrote: 
There is an old saying we all heard before: Good help is hard to find. Here is my experi-ence: Good help is not only hard to find, it is also impossible to replace. 
That was true about Robin, and it is equally true of Ron. In a speech to the Chief Officers of State Library Agen-cies, Ron called the library card ‘‘our passport to adventure.’’ For a speech to the Young Entrepreneurs Academy, Ron referred to books, ‘‘especially bi-ographies and autobiographies—as ‘How To’ manuals for success.’’ When I spoke to my grandson’s graduating fifth grade class, Ron wrote me an ex-ample comparing the Supreme Court to grandparents: ‘‘If they say no, there is no one else to turn to.’’ I hope this sampling of Ron’s work can convey why he has been an impor-tant part of my team. He has a way with words that few people have and, more importantly, he knows what I want to say and how I want to say it. Ron does more than help me with speeches. If there is a student in Wyo-ming who has achieved an important goal, Ron helps me with a laudatory note. When an organization like Daughters of the American Revolution has their annual convention, Ron works on the statement commemo-rating that event. When a Wyoming business celebrates an important anni-versary, Ron has helped me congratu-late that success. My staff and I will miss Ron, not only for the help he gives us but for the person he is. He is kind, considerate, and generous. He is also willing to lend a helping hand in everything we do, from hosting our holiday cookie party to organizing trivia, and building games for our staff planning sessions. This isn’t goodbye, as Ron will remain my neighbor and my friend. Today I want to celebrate all that Ron has done for me, for my office, for Wyoming, and for America. It is appro-priate for me to once again quote Ron in describing the word ‘‘celebrate’’ to Wyoming Cowboy Challenge Academy graduates, Ron wrote: 
Celebrating is much more than the things we do—it’s the feelings we get from the great accomplishments of our life. It is the joy and happiness that comes from the heart when we have reached one of our goals. It’s the sense of satisfaction we feel that comes from the knowledge that we have taken on a dif-ficult challenge and mastered it. It is the in-crease in self-confidence and self-esteem that comes from learning to trust in ourselves to make the right choices and the right deci-sions. Ron, Diana joins me in celebrating you today. You have been a great ex-ample of the importance of public serv-ice, and your legacy will continue in my office and in Wyoming as business owners, students, and others reread the words you wrote over more than 30 years. I thank you for devoting so much of your life to making my office a better place to work and, more im-portantly, Wyoming a better place to live. Thanks for all you have done for all of us and America. I wish you the best. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PARIS AGREEMENT Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, there has been a lot of discussion in the media over the last couple of weeks about what President Trump is going to do and should do with the Paris cli-mate agreement. We know all about this agreement. It was entered into by President Obama in December of 2015 at the U.N. annual party that they hold, the 21st annual Conference of Parties meeting. Let me explain what this is. It was 21 years ago they decided—the United Na-tions had always been quite offended every time something happened that they were doing in the United Nations that was not in the best interest of the United States. Several of us would call and threaten to withhold some of our funds supporting the United Nations. Of course, the United Nations has al-ways wanted to be independent. They wanted to not be accountable to any-one so consequently they put together these parties. The best way for them to do that is if they could somehow be funded independently and not be ac-countable to the various countries— not just the United States but any of the rest of them. So they hold this meeting in Decem-ber of every year, and they hold it in very exotic places. Everybody gets really excited. They have 192 countries come in. What they are trying to do is get them all to limit their CO
2emis-sions. Of course, they all come in be-cause 99 percent of the 192 countries are ones who want to get money out of this deal. I ran into a friend of mine from Benin, West Africa. This was sev-eral years ago. I said: Why are you here? You are not really going to agree with this stuff. He said: No, this is where the money is. This is the biggest party of the year. One of the worst things that ever happened at their big party was—they headed to South America someplace, I don’t remember where—when they ran out of caviar. They have these big meetings every year. Well, the last one I went to was De-cember 2009. It was in Copenhagen. You might remember that was just after President Obama was elected. He and his administration were pledging to the 192 countries that we were going to pass a form of cap and trade. Well, they all went to Copenhagen—NANCY  P
ELOSI , Hillary, John Kerry, Barack Obama—they all went there and told them we were going to pass cap and trade here in the United States so they all needed to follow form. This is inter-esting because of the 192 countries he was talking to, most of them didn’t even know our form of government. They didn’t know that we had a Senate that had to confirm these things or that we even had a legislature. They assumed that was going to happen. I remember, right after they left, I went to Copenhagen. I had to go in the morning and get back in time for votes all in 1 day. I did that. At that time, they termed me as the ‘‘one-man truth squad.’’ I told them under no cir-cumstances—this is 2009—were we going to pass any kind of cap and trade in this country. I was right. They were shocked over there because they as-sumed if the President said we are going to do it, that we are going to do it. The legislation was estimated at that time to cost between $300 and $400 billion—that is per year—to imple-ment. It never came to a vote because the Democrats knew they had at that time—keep in mind this is 2009—they had control of the White House, they had control of the House and Senate, and they had, at that time, 60 votes in the Senate, but they couldn’t get the votes because it was too expensive. So many people thought it was the first time we would consider cap and trade, but it wasn’t. We had been work-ing on that for years. They first tried it in 2003. In 2003, we had a bill for the U.S. Senate. I remember being down here—because at that time I was chair-man of the Subcommittee on the Envi-ronment and Public Works. They had that jurisdiction. So I was down here to try to make sure that thing wasn’t going to pass. Sure enough, it didn’t. We defeated it, 43 to 55. Then the same group tried it again in 2005. At that time, they only got 38 votes, and that failed. Then, in 2008, Senators John Kerry and Joe Lieberman tried it again. Of course, at that time, it failed again. Now, that is a far cry from the 60 votes necessary in order to get some-thing like that to pass. We have been looking at that with various forms of legislation for quite a number of years. After suffering those embarrassing defeats in the Senate, President Obama 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.060 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3197 May 25, 2017 
sought to do by regulation what he couldn’t do through legislation. That is how we got the Clean Power Plan. I think it is important to think back where we got to this point. There has also been an implementation cost, by their own admission, some $300 billion a year, and it made it impossible at that time for us in the United States to build a new coal-fired powerplant. It is interesting. Some people say: Why do you go back so often to Okla-homa? I said: Well, I like to talk to real people. I can remember being at Shattuck, OK. I bet the Chair doesn’t know where Shattuck is. It is in West-ern Oklahoma. A guy said: Now, explain this to me. This was actually during the Obama administration. He said: If we in the United States are dependent upon fossil fuels—that is, coal, oil and gas, and nuclear—to produce 89 percent of the power it takes to run this machine called Amer-ica, and if President Obama is success-ful in doing away with coal, oil and gas, and nuclear, then how do we run this machine called America? For that reason, the President de-cided he was going to do this with reg-ulations. I ask unanimous consent that this list of all of the regulations—47 of them—we have been able to do away with in the first 100 days be printed in the R
ECORD at the conclusion of my re-marks. A few weeks ago, he signed an Execu-tive order instructing the EPA to un-wind the United States from this regu-lation. That is exactly what my friend, EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt, is working to accomplish right now. While the President has disavowed the Paris Agreement, he has not pulled out as of this time. He has been kind of busy doing other things. I understand there are a lot of com-peting voices on this front. Many peo-ple don’t believe the Paris Agreement is binding. While that is true, to a cer-tain degree, it is kind of shortsighted. I am speaking today because I be-lieve the President should make a clean exit from the Paris Agreement and avoid a lot of confusion. There are two key reasons I want to do that. The first one, reason No. 1, is that if we remain in the agreement, we are putting ourselves at significant litiga-tion risk. The Paris Agreement commits the United States to lowering its green-house gas emissions by 26 to 28 percent by 2025. This is interesting because in the Paris Agreement that took place, the President at that time, President Obama, was getting just a little bit panicky. He had already gone to seven of these and had been unable to pass any kind of an agreement that would accomplish his goal of putting coal, oil, and gas out of existence. So this agree-ment that he made, he made unilater-ally, saying: I agree on behalf of the United States of America that we will reduce our emissions of CO
2by between 26 and 28 percent by 2025. Well, we all know that the environ-mental community wants to do what-ever it possibly can to regulate carbon. There is a reason for this. You might wonder why this is. There is a professor named Richard Lindzen. Richard Lindzen is a professor at MIT and is one of the top professors in this dis-cipline. He said: If you control carbon, you control life. It makes it a bureaucrat’s dream. So yes, in fact, that is what he was trying to do. That is all they want. So if we stay in the Paris Agreement, environ-mentalist groups—radical groups— would be able to sue the EPA to force it to regulate greenhouse gas emissions under section 115 of the Clean Air Act. Section 115 of the Clean Air Act is enti-tled ‘‘International Air Pollution.’’ This section is triggered when a coun-try asserts that our pollution is harm-ing them, establishing an endangerment finding, and when there is a reciprocal agreement between our countries and those countries that have such a regulation. It is not difficult to imagine that if we remain in the Paris Agreement, the environmentalists, NGOs, led by the Natural Resources Defense Council, the Environmental Defense Fund, the Si-erra Club, and others, will file lawsuits against the EPA as it takes legal steps to deregulate the Clean Power Plan. While there has not been an internal endangerment finding, the environ-mentalists would be working to force the issue. Further, they would make the case that the reciprocal require-ments of section 115 of the Clean Air Act are met by the Paris climate agreement. Even though it is not bind-ing at the international level, the envi-ronmentalists could, with a sympa-thetic judge, make a case that the ad-ministration has made the reciprocal agreement by staying in Paris. It would sound good. It is not too hard to find a sympathetic judge nowadays. This is something they have been plan-ning to do all along. They built this back door into the agreement as the Obama administration was actually writing it. You ask, why would certain lawsuits be filed? A former general counsel at the Sierra Club, David Bookbinder, said that section 115 of the Clean Air Act is—these are his words—‘‘the silver bullet de jour of the enviros, and they are dead serious about this,’’ meaning that they believe the Paris Agreement clearly states that it meets the reci-procity test established by section 115 of the Clean Air Act. If you have noticed, the environ-mental groups have been very silent about whether the administration should stay in the agreement. We all know they want us to stay in the agreement, but why be so quiet at this time? Because we have not heard from them. Well, the reason is, I think the environmental groups who are trying to accomplish this see that there is real progress being made to convince the President to stay in the Paris Agreement, which means they could have their wish of greenhouse gas regu-lations. If we stay in the agreement, they could sue the EPA and force regu-lations under section 115. So they have been very quiet. They don’t want Presi-dent Trump to know they will also ben-efit if we stay in the agreement. Be-cause of this, they are allowing people to believe that nothing will happen by staying in the agreement. I have heard this from Republicans and Democrats. It really does not make too much dif-ference, because for ratification, the votes are not there, and everybody knows it. In the meantime, you are subject to the lawsuits. So they just don’t want us to know it as well. Could it be that a Republican President would give them the tools they need to force greenhouse gas regulations even without meaning to? It is a possibility. This is why the President needs to make a clean exit from the agreement. If the President stays in the Paris agreement, he will be putting at risk our ability to accomplish his campaign goals; namely, ending the war on fossil fuels and rescinding the Clean Power Plan. He has already taken the Execu-tive steps he needs on this front. The EPA is currently on solid legal footing. But we must not limit the effectiveness of these key steps by remaining in the Paris Agreement. So that is reason No. 1. Reason No. 1 is that if we remain in the agreement, we are subjecting ourselves to all of the lawsuits that will be out there. The other reason, the second reason I will mention, is that even if we pull out of the agreement, we will still have a seat at the table. I have heard the statement quite often, in fact, by some people in the Trump administration—they say: We don’t want to pull out of it because we want to maintain a seat at the table. As they have these meetings every De-cember, we want to be there so we can express what America really is plan-ning to do and is not planning to do. But let’s keep in mind that the seat at the table was established way back in 1992. That was when they had the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, the UNFCCC. This is the 1992 treaty that supports all the big parties that meet every December that are held in the exotic locations I mentioned. That group was the founda-tion of the Paris Agreement and the foundation of the Copenhagen discus-sion in 2009. Now, 2009 is when they had the event in Copenhagen. That is the one where all the people went and told them that we were going to pass cap and trade, which we were not going to pass cap and trade, and we didn’t. Further, it was the foundation of the Kyoto Pro-tocol of 1997, which was the first agree-ment that sought to set binding inter-national greenhouse regulations. The Senate demonstrated its intent to defeat that with the Byrd-Hagel res-olution. Let’s remember what that was. The Berg-Hagel resolution—by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.061 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3198 May 25, 2017 
Senators Byrd and Hagel—was right here in this Chamber. They said they were going to oppose the ratification of any treaty that does one of two things—either it is harmful economi-cally to the United States of America, or that countries that are developing countries, such as China, are not a part of it. Well, that was the case. So the Kyoto Protocol of 1997 was a natural follow- on from that decision that was made. So even if President Trump removes the United States as a signatory to the Paris Agreement, we will continue to have a seat at the table and the Presi-dent will have the ability to negotiate further deals. That is already done. That was the done, and it is inescap-able. It was done back in 1992. We have been a party to that protocol. We have been ever since then and we will con-tinue to be regardless of whether the President pulls out of the Paris Agree-ment. In the event the President does de-cide to stay in the Paris Agreement, he will need the Senate for ratification because the Paris Agreement meets seven out of eight criteria established by the State Department to determine what constitutes a treaty. An agree-ment need meet only one of these, and this meets seven. So it would have to come in for ratification. If the Presi-dent does not exit, the Paris Agree-ment will be considered as a treaty. It is in the best interests of the Na-tion and the President’s agenda to make a clean exit from this agreement. That is why we sent a letter, which was sent out this morning by about 25 Members of the Senate, encouraging the President to pull out of the agree-ment. It is the best way to get every-thing he wants: a complete end to the war on fossil fuels—which has been on-going since the day Barrack Obama went into power—without the risk of any further future litigation man-dating that the EPA establish new greenhouse gas regulations, and a de-cent seat at the table for the United States, which we all agree that we want. If for some reason he decides not to withdraw, he will have to submit it to the Senate as a treaty, and it would be defeated. Let me mention two other things which I think are important and which I want to include in the R
ECORD at this time. You know, we have been talking about the Paris Agreement. The far left has been trying to get a forum of cap and trade ever since Kyoto in 1997. They have tried to do it through legis-lation, tried over and over again, as I mentioned. They could not do it, so they tried to do it through regulation. You might wonder, what was it way back in the beginning—what were the motives for this in the very first place? I carry this. I think it is very impor-tant to realize what people were saying about it. The former Minister of the European Union—her name was Margot Wallstrom. She said: ‘‘Kyoto is about the economy, about leveling the play-ing field for big business worldwide.’’ Then along came Jacques Chirac. He said during a speech at the Hague in November of 2000 that Kyoto represents ‘‘the first component of an authentic global governance.’’ Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper once dismissed UN’s Kyoto Pro-tocol as a ‘‘socialist scheme.’’ Then Christiana Figueres, who was actually at Paris at the time this thing was put together, said that ‘‘the real goal is to change the economic devel-opment model for redistribution of wealth among nations.’’ Those are some of the original com-ments people have forgotten about. The last thing I will mention, be-cause I think it is significant, is that I remember going to Copenhagen. At that time, the person who was the head of the EPA—an appointment by the President at that time—was Lisa Jack-son. Lisa Jackson—actually, we be-came pretty good friends at that time. She had one problem: She had a hard time saying things that were not true. I asked her a question right before we left. I said: I have a feeling that once I leave town, once I go to Copenhagen, you are going to come up with an endangerment finding. This was live on the record, by the way, in the committee I was chairing. She kind of smiled, so I knew it was true. I said: Now, if you come up with an endangerment finding, it has to be based on science. What science would you rely on? She said: Well, on the IPCC. That is the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. Now, I wouldn’t say as luck would have it, but it is kind of coincidental that right after she made that state-ment was when the big scandal that was referred to as ‘‘Climategate’’ came along. They discovered that the sci-entists who were with IPCC were not getting the results they wanted. So they rigged the science, and they were caught doing it with emails. So there wasn’t any question as to what they were trying to do. So that totally dif-fused the effectiveness and the legit-imacy of the IPCC. In fact, Christopher Booker of the UK Telegraph said: ‘‘This is the worst sci-entific scandal of our generation.’’ So when people keep saying that science is settled, that is where it all came from—the IPCC. Clive Crook of the Financial Times said: 
The closed-mindedness of these supposed men of science, their willingness to go to any length to defend a preconceived message, is surprising even to me. The stink of intellec-tual corruption is overpowering. 
Well, I assumed at the time that that would end their providing the science and justification for passing what would have been the largest tax in-crease in the history of this country. So, anyway, back to the issue here, several of us feel that to avoid all of this from happening, the best way to do it is to have this President, when he gets back from his trip, do what he campaigned on and pull out of the Paris Agreement, and I anticipate that he will do that. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the RECORD , as follows: 
CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW ACT RESOLUTIONS  
PASSED  SEC Rule requiring oil and gas companies to disclose their ‘‘playbooks’’ on how to win deals. Inhofe-CRA—first signed since 2001; Stream Buffer Zone rule that blocks coal mining; Education rule mandating federal standards for evaluating teacher perform-ance; Education rule establishing national school board; Interior rule that blocked Alaska-control of hunting & fishing; Social Security rule that put seniors with ‘‘rep-resentative payees’’ on gun-ban list; OSHA rule that changed paperwork violation stat-ute of limitations from 6-months to 5-years. Defense rule that blocked contractors from getting deals if suspected (not convicted) of employment-law violations; Labor rule blocking drug-testing of unemployment beneficiaries; BLM rule blocking oil and gas development on federal lands. Federal Com-munications Commission rule that would have established 2nd regime of privacy rules in addition to Federal Trade Commission; HHS rule that would make it easier for states to fund Planned Parenthood; Depart-ment of Labor (DOL) rule forcing private sector employees onto goverment run retire-ment plans; DOL rule allowing states to by-pass protections on retirement plans. 
TRUMP EXECUTIVE ACTIONS  Regulatory reform: requires 2 regulations be repealed for each new regulation; WOTUS: directs EPA to rescind Waters of the United States Act; Energy: repeals clean power plan, other harmful regulations . . . ending War on Fossil Fuels; Mexico City: reinstates ban of fed funds going to NGOs that do abor-tions; Hiring Freeze: freezes federal hiring (exempted military); Military: rebuilds mili-tary; Approves Keystone XL pipeline; Ap-proves Dakota Access pipeline. Permit Streamlining: expedites infrastruc-ture and manufacturing project permits; Im-migration: 90 day suspension on visas for visitors from Syria, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan,Yemen. 20 day suspension of U.S. Ref-ugee Admission Program; Sanctuary Cities: blocks federal Department of Justice grants to sanctuary cities; Dodd-Frank: demands review of Dodd-Frank banking regulations and demanding roll-back; Shrink govern-ment: directs federal agencies to reorganize to reduce waste and duplication; Trade: eval-uates policies to reduce trade deficit; Opioids: fed task force to address opioid drug crisis; Fiduciary rule: delays implementa-tion of bad DOJ rule; Religious Liberty: Eases enforcement of Johnson Amendment and grants other protections for religious freedom; Offshore drilling: revises Obama-era offshore drilling restrictions and orders a re-view of limits on drilling locations; National Monuments: Directs a review of national monument designations. Improves accountability and whistleblower protections for VA employees; Affirms local control of school policies and examines De-partment of Ed regulations; Reviews agricul-tural regulations; Reviews use of H–1B visas; Top-to-bottom audit of Executive Branch; Moves Historically Black Colleges and Uni-versities offices from Department of Ed to White House; Obamacare: directs federal agencies to ease burdens of ACA; Establishes American Technology Council; Establishes office of Trade and Manufacturing Policy; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.063 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3199 May 25, 2017 
Identifies and reduces tax regulatory bur-dens; ‘‘Hire America, Buy America’’; Estab-lishes a collection and enforcement of anti-dumping and countervailing duties and vio-lations of Trade and Customs laws; Creates an order of succession within DOJ; Revokes federal contracting executive orders. 
Mr. INHOFE. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Missouri. 
f 
MEMORIAL DAY Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, this weekend we will mark the beginning of the Memorial Day remembrances that we do every year. Memorial Day, of course, is on Monday, but many activi-ties will begin even today and tomor-row to honor those who have died in the defense of our country. These men and women had families, they had dreams for the future, and they had their whole lives ahead of them. But they did something extraordinary. I remember that a few years ago I had the opportunity to be at the Amer-ican cemetery in Normandy. At the end of the tour of that cemetery, the guide had us sit down on a ledge with the English Channel to our back and those 8,000 graves in front of us that we had just looked at and had talked about the sacrifices made. Then he flipped open his computer and, at that exact same spot, on the 20th anniversary of the D- day, General Eisenhower—former President Eisenhower—in 1964 was talking to Walter Cronkite. He said to Walter Cronkite: You know, Walter, my son John graduated from West Point on D-day, and over the last 20 years, I have watched him and his wife raise their family and have the experi-ences they have had, and, he said, many times I have thought about these young men and the life they didn’t get to lead because of what they were asked to do. Particularly, you had the person sit-ting there 20 years later who ulti-mately was the person who asked them to do what they were asked to do, and you understand that that is the kind of decision he thought about. It is the kind of sacrifice we should think about as we think about those who didn’t get to pursue their dreams and didn’t get to see the family they had grown up with or have the family they would have liked to have had because they laid down their lives so that we could take care of our families, so that we could realize our dreams, so that we could enjoy the freedoms that our Na-tion is truly blessed with and that make us truly extraordinary in our be-lief and our defense of freedom, not only for ourselves but for people every-where. We are grateful for all that these peo-ple have done, and this is a time of year that we particularly set aside to honor those fallen heroes—the soldiers, the sailors, the airmen, the marines, the people in the National Guard and the Coast Guard and the Reserve— called up and losing their lives in that cause. Also, it is good for us to remember those who served and who were willing to make that sacrifice, if necessary, and often have their own burdens they carry from their service. Maybe that burden was just simply losing those years when others were already at a ci-vilian job that they would only be able to go to later. I am honored to represent nearly 500,000 Missouri veterans. As a member of the bipartisan Congressional Vet-erans Jobs Caucus, I am committed to helping our veterans find good-paying jobs as civilians. We took an important step in that direction recently when President Trump signed the Honoring Investment in Recruiting and Employ-ing American Military Veterans Act, or the HIRE Vets Act. I believe it may have been the first bill the Senate passed. I was pleased to be the prin-cipal sponsor of that bill, and it was the underlying bill on the continuing resolution that funded the government on April 17, and so it became law. It addresses the fact that transfer-ring from military to civilian life rep-resents a number of challenges. It rep-resents challenges for our servicemem-bers, and that transfer can be a dif-ficult personal decision to make, but it is also difficult to navigate the civilian employment market and to find out who is recognizing the skills and the lessons learned by veterans and who may not be quite at the forefront of that. The HIRE Vets Act helps to facilitate that transition by providing veterans more information on employers that offer benefits and opportunities geared toward hiring veterans. Many employ-ers say they are veteran friendly, and many employers are veteran friendly, but there has really been no standard that anyone could look at to determine whether that was true or not—no standard for what employers aspire to do at their workplace or no standard that future veterans and employees can seek out. This would be much like a LEED standard on energy efficiency. If you have that standard on your building or at your workplace, people know ex-actly what that means. This bill asks the Department of Labor to establish a similar kind of standard for those who are the best, for those who are nearly as good, and for those who are almost as good as them to see what people are doing—a tiered recognition of employ-ers to see what they are doing to wel-come, encourage, recognize, and pro-mote veterans. Some of the criteria that could go into that evaluation would include the percentage of new hires at your com-pany who are veterans, the percentage of the overall workforce that is made up of veterans, what type of training and leadership activities are made available that are designed to maxi-mize what a veteran uniquely has learned as a veteran, and what other benefits and resources are offered— things such as tuition assistance, things that encourage veterans to go ahead and get one other category of training or more. Creating a national standard will help veterans narrow down their em-ployment options and focus their job search efforts on the companies that recognize the value of their military service and what that value will bring to their new workplace, and also com-panies that will provide a long-term ca-reer path where those skills are used and appreciated. So this is a step in the right direction. I have talked to the Secretary of Labor just this week, who said they in-tend to have this plan up and running by the end of this year, quicker than they were required to do but certainly not quicker than we hoped they would be able to do. So this is going to be a priority at the office of the Secretary of Labor, as veterans should be a pri-ority for our society. Today, we have the most powerful military in the world, but we really need to recognize—and I think we do recognize—that behind that military stands supporting families. Families are the backbone of the military today. They provide the kind of support that servicemembers need. They provide the encouragement for the difficult chal-lenges of going from one post to an-other and one job to another. I think there are ways we can recognize those families and what they do in a better way. I was able this year again to intro-duce the Military Family Stability Act. Military families have changed over the years. Our military stays in service longer. The skill levels they ac-quire are more valuable than might have been the case in the past. As the military gets more technical, having invested the time and training on someone in service is a more signifi-cant investment than it may have been at another time. Our policies that af-fect military families haven’t kept pace with our investment in people who are serving. According to a study by the Military Officers Association of America, 90 per-cent of military spouses who are women are either unemployed or un-deremployed. More than half of those people cite concerns about their spouse’s service as a deterrent to their prospective employers: having to leave quickly without notice, not getting the ability to transfer from one State to another, or when their training or li-censing has happened in the State they were living in. Too often, military spouses have to end up sacrificing their own career. I think, in any case, we would under-stand there is some sacrifice here when you are moving from place to place, but there doesn’t need to be a needless sacrifice. So the Military Family Stability Act would allow families to address a prob-lem. I consistently hear from military spouses and people serving in the mili-tary who talk about the challenges 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.059 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3200 May 25, 2017 
their spouses face in Missouri and across the Nation. An ill-timed move takes a child need-lessly out of school a month early or makes a child start a school year a month late or prevents a husband or wife from being able to commit to a 9- month teaching contract or start a graduate program on time because the move they had anticipated happening is delayed. I have had people come and testify on exactly those two specific things and others that made a big dif-ference in their family and their fam-ily’s enthusiasm about the service they were jointly giving to the country. For many families, if you make that move early, the family has to absorb the move. I think there is a better way to do this. I think we can increase sta-bility in military families. This bill en-ables the servicemember or family to either move early or remain at their current duty station for up to 6 months while the spouse or the serving parent begins a new assignment. Now, for that to happen—the spouse moving early to the new assignment—the servicemem-ber moving early or staying a little bit later has to absorb their single service-person expenses for staying. But as to the much more significant expenses, the family goes at a reasonable time when it is better for the family to go. I am proud that this bill has garnered widespread support from numerous military family and veteran service or-ganizations, including the National Military Family Association, the Mili-tary Officers Association of America, and others. I am also pleased that at this mo-ment, as we reintroduce the bill, Sen-ator G
ILLIBRAND and I, Secretary Mattis—a former marine and decorated General, one of our most distinguished officers, who has seen the impact on families as he served—staff members at the Department of Defense, Senator M
CCAIN, the chairman of the Armed Services Committee, and his staff have been working with us to iron out the details on a bill that they all support and agree will help our military men and women and their families. So the HIRE Vets Act and the Mili-tary Family Stability Act are bipar-tisan. They are commonsense measures that really get us closer to our goal of ensuring that we provide the support for servicemembers and veterans who have defended us. We will also continue our oversight on the Veterans’ Administration to en-sure that those who have served re-ceive more choices and that their healthcare benefits and other benefits they have earned are benefits that they will receive. There is really no reason they can’t receive many of those bene-fits where they would prefer to go as opposed to where the government has previously thought were the only op-tions. Veterans’ choice is important. They chose to serve. We can now give them more choice than we have in the past to decide what works for them and their families. So as we approach Memorial Day, I know that all the Members of the Sen-ate are appreciative of those who served and the families who served alongside them. I look forward not only to honoring veterans between now and next Monday but between next Monday and a year from next Monday, continuing to do those things we can to be sure that those who serve and those who have served are fully appreciated for their service. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
THE PRESIDENT’S BUDGET Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, there has been a rare outburst of bipartisan-ship in the Senate this week. It is somewhat amazing, and I think it should be celebrated because Demo-crats and Republicans agree that the administration’s new budget is a com-plete disaster. It has fallen with a bi-partisan thud here in our Chamber. I think there is a reason for that. Throughout the campaign and now as President, President Trump has made a lot of promises. He has promised a bal-anced budget. He has promised no cuts to Social Security, Medicare, or Med-icaid. He has promised the best healthcare for everyone at the lowest cost. He has promised massive new tax cuts. He has promised a great wall paid for by Mexico. Skeptics, including myself, have awaited this budget to see the hard choices, the details, and the math that could make sense of those promises. After all of those words—and there were a lot of them—and all of those promises, we now have a budget, and it makes no sense. Let’s walk through a few of the num-bers. Every year, our country collects on average about 18 percent of our gross domestic product in taxes—the equivalent of about 18 percent of our gross domestic product in taxes, and every year we spend just over 21 per-cent of the GDP. That gap is why our national debt continues to grow. In-stead of closing the gap, where you have spending here and revenue here— instead of closing that gap, the Presi-dent’s budget proposes further tax cuts, bringing down the share of the GDP we are collecting and increasing defense spending while promising to balance the budget. Just this morning, President Trump sent his Secretary of the Treasury to Congress to explain how all this adds up. He couldn’t do it. He couldn’t do it. The only way the math in this budget works, the only way that the gap closes, is by assuming that magically our economy will grow faster than any serious economist in the country pre-dicts and that, as a result of that out-side growth, the government would take in an extra $2 trillion in taxes. That is the plan. That is the $2 trillion assumption about the finances of our country and the potential burden of the next generation of Americans, some of whom are sitting here with us today. Even if you accept that math—which I don’t—but even if you accept that math, we have another problem. The administration’s budget also proposes massive tax cuts that it claims will not add to our debt because of the same $2 trillion in new tax revenues. As has been pointed out, that is double-count-ing, plain and simple, the kind that would cause any college freshman in America to fail his or her accounting exam. This would be like depositing the same paycheck at two different banks and claiming that your salary had doubled, then increasing your spending on groceries, travel, housing, and everything else as if it were actu-ally true that your income would be double. You would go broke, and that is what is going to happen here. It is no wonder that a Republican Congressman said that this budget was like building a house on what he called ‘‘a sandy foundation.’’ The administra-tion’s only hope of getting this through is if Americans, including some of the President’s strongest supporters, ig-nore the math and ignore the fact that his proposal actually grows our na-tional debt, cuts Social Security, cuts Medicaid, and savages countless pro-grams that protect vulnerable Ameri-cans and invest in our future. On Medicaid in particular, a lot of us are scratching our heads at the math, let alone the real world pain that would result, should this proposal be-come law. The healthcare bill, which passed on the floor of the House—and I said about that bill that even if I think about the townhall meetings I have had in Colo-rado, where people object most strenu-ously and most strongly to what is called ObamaCare or the Affordable Care Act, if you set out to design a bill less responsive to the people in my townhall who opposed ObamaCare—if you set out to draft a bill less respon-sive, you couldn’t do a better job than they did in the House of Representa-tives. I thank the Presiding Officer for his work on healthcare because I can actu-ally recognize the concerns of my con-stituents in his fine work as opposed to what we have seen in the House. One of the things that are so dis-turbing about that bill is that they are slashing Medicaid by around $830 bil-lion. That is 20 percent of the Medicaid Program that has been cut in that House budget. This new budget would gut the program by another $600 bil-lion. Combined, that would cut Med-icaid nearly in half by 2026—in half. That means millions more Americans. This is why the CBO—the Congres-sional Budget Office—told us that 23 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.067 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3201 May 25, 2017 
million Americans would lose their health insurance as a result of the bill—because it would mean that the minute all of this happened, people would struggle to get quality healthcare services. In addition to the 23 million who are going to lose it because of the plan the Republican majority passed in the House, in my home State of Colorado— and I do not think it is very different from a lot of places in this regard—half of the people who are on Medicaid are kids. Are they supposed to go to work, or do we want them in school and hav-ing the benefit of a healthcare pro-gram? Do we expect seniors in long-term care to go back to work? There are mil-lions of Americans who are living in nursing homes, having spent their en-tire life savings for the privilege of being in long-term care or in nursing homes that are paid for by Medicaid. What are they supposed to do? Are we going to empty out the nursing homes in the United States? I think, to some extent or another— I always get into trouble with my staff every time I say this, but I am going to say this again here—every one of us in this Senate is a conservative if ‘‘con-servative’’ means to protect the insti-tutions of our government and to think carefully before we leap. There is noth-ing conservative about this proposal on Medicaid. It is a radical proposal—a 20- percent Medicaid cut. We have not seen anything like that in our history. What is amazing about this budget is not just that the math does not add up but that its targets are shockingly clear: rural communities, vulnerable Americans, vital investments in our fu-ture. This budget slams communities that are already hurting in our econ-omy. Farmers would face a 21-percent cut to the Department of Agriculture, meaning less help to fight erosion, pro-tect water quality, and improve irriga-tion. The budget eliminates the TIGER Grant Program entirely, which builds roads, bridges, and train stations all across the country. It cuts the mainte-nance budget for the U.S. Forest Serv-ice by over 70 percent, making it hard-er to maintain the trails and facilities that support rural outdoor economies. I invite anybody here and I would welcome anybody to come visit Colo-rado. That is not a hardship; it is a beautiful place. See the condition that our national forests are in and the work that needs to be done and the conditions under which employees of the Forest Service are being asked to do their jobs. It is not right. It is not fair. This budget eliminates essential air service which helps connect our most remote areas. Besides water, it is prob-ably the most important lifeblood of our rural communities. It cuts assist-ance to State and volunteer fire de-partments, exposing our mountain towns to even greater risk. This is a horrible budget for rural America—hor-rible. This budget also turns its back on families who are struggling the most. It eliminates support to heat low-in-come homes through the winter. That is the reason Democrats and Repub-licans do not support this budget. It cuts safety inspections for coal miners, while devastating support to fight pol-lution and clean up toxic sites that dis-proportionately harm poor commu-nities. It cuts assistance to the home-less and community development block grants—ends it—which promote afford-able housing and economic develop-ment in low-income areas. It slashes food stamps by 25 percent. It is like the Grinch himself wrote this budget. Nearly half of those who benefit from that program are children—poor chil-dren. This budget not only ignores our duty to ensure that kids in poverty do not go hungry, it also fails to invest in their future. This budget cuts edu-cation funding by $9 billion. It slashes afterschool and summer programs for low-income children. It cuts funds to help teachers become better teachers. It cuts programs to help students work their way through college. There is not anybody in America who thinks it is right that we are bank-rupting families and students because of the high cost of college, which is something that their parents and grandparents did not have to endure because of choices we made then that we are not making today. Who in his right mind thinks an an-swer to that is to cut work-study pro-grams? Yet that is in the budget. It takes aim at our next generation. The budget targets next-generation re-search and technology that we need in order to compete in the 21st century. It slashes funds to the National Science Foundation. Do you want a reason as to why Re-publicans and Democrats do not sup-port this budget—why we have bipar-tisan opposition for it? It is that it cuts the NIH, the National Institutes of Health, by $8 billion even though its re-search supported over 330,000 jobs and $60 billion in economic activity just last year. It cuts research for low-cost, clean energy even though experts pre-dict nearly $8 trillion of global invest-ment in renewable energy over the next 25 years. It devastates the Depart-ment of Energy’s loan program that spurs private investment and pays for itself. Believe me, I have worked in every level of government. I have been in the private sector, too, and I know there is waste in every level of government. There is waste in the Federal Govern-ment. There are programs that make no sense, and there are decisions we make that make no sense. We need to strive every day to become better stew-ards of taxpayer dollars. I do not think we do a good enough job in this place of oversight, of how taxpayer dollars are being used. Yet this budget does not target waste, and this budget does not target fraud and abuse; it targets who we are as a nation and what we hope for, for the next generation. In these times, the American dream is not something we can take for grant-ed. It is the product of choices our forbearers have made and choices we have made—choices to invest in the fu-ture, to look out for one another and ensure that all Americans have oppor-tunities to make the most of their God- given potential. Budgets are more than just dollars and cents; they answer important ques-tions about our vision for the future and our values as Americans. In that sense, it is worth considering how this budget would affect the everyday lives of Americans—of the people who come to our townhalls or the people who are too busy working, trying to provide for their families, to be able to go to our townhalls. If this budget were to pass, a working mom might lose healthcare for herself and have to worry that her aging moth-er might not be far behind. She might have to cut back hours at work to pick up her kid whose afterschool program was just canceled. Driving home, she will wonder whether her child’s weeklong cough has anything to do with the air he is breathing or the water he is drinking or whether that dinner was the last of the groceries for the month even though it is only the 25th. These are the choices our constitu-ents are going to face, and that is not the future we want. It is not an Amer-ica we would choose for our kids. (Mr. BLUNT assumed the Chair.) I am wrapping up here. I know my colleague from Louisiana is here. The most expensive thing for us to do is to give up on working people, our kids, and on urban and rural commu-nities that are too often forgotten by people in Washington. That, I am afraid, is what this budget does—it gives up. In a sober analysis on real so-lutions to our problems and our basic commitment to each other, we are as fellow citizens bound by a common des-tiny, but this does not meet the test. I look forward to working with Re-publicans and Democrats, together, to write a budget that actually reflects the will of the American people. I look forward to working with the Presiding Officer and my colleague from Lou-isiana, who is doing such good work on healthcare. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Louisiana. 
f 
HEALTHCARE LEGISLATION Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Colorado for his kind words. I rise to speak about our Republican effort to repeal and replace the Afford-able Care Act. I always kind of chuckle when I say the ‘‘Affordable Care Act,’’ as I have a friend back home whose quote for his insurance was $39,000 for 1 year. That is the un-Affordable Care Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.069 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3202 May 25, 2017 
A family member from San Francisco whose policy was $20,000 for 1 year had a $6,000 deductible for each person. I think her husband actually voted for B
ERNIE SANDERS , but she is like: The heck with this because I cannot afford it. Then there is another fellow here in Washington, DC, who is an insurance consultant. If anybody can get a good deal, an insurance consultant should be able to. He says: 
My family premium is $24,000 a year with a family deductible of $13,000. We will pay $37,000 before we receive benefit from our in-surance policy. 
That is unsustainable. President Trump saw that during the campaign. He said over and over again—kind of his four pledges, if you will—that he wished to maintain cov-erage, lower premiums, get rid of those mandates that Americans hate in ObamaCare, and care for those with preexisting conditions. This is what he said over and over. It is a great pledge. He actually said something else as well: He said he wanted to make healthcare easy. Now we have an ap-proach to do this. Some people call it auto enrollment, but I call it making it easy. In this way, we can increase cov-erage and achieve the goals of Presi-dent Trump’s to lower the premiums. We are using something that is already used in Medicare and 401(k) plans. Again, we make it easy to enroll. Let me elaborate on this. People argue that we have to have a mandate because without a mandate, people will lose coverage, and if people lose coverage, only the sick enroll and healthcare expenses increase. I think the Senate actually has an opportunity to do something better. We can make it easy. Under this, we can imagine that someone is eligible to be enrolled in our program unless he calls us up and says he does not want to be. This is what we do in Medicare. When we—when I, when you, when any of us—turn 65, we are automatically en-rolled in Medicare. I turned 65, and I am on Medicare. It is not a mandate. I can call them up and say that I do not want to. You have never heard anybody complain about it. It is just called making it easy. Similarly, when a Fortune 500 com-pany puts in a 401(k) plan, it has learned that if it asks somebody to sign all of the forms, and they can opt into its 401(k) retirement plan, it gets about 65 percent participation, but if they say: You are in unless you call us up and tell us you do not want to be— if they make it totally easy, they get 95 percent participation in that 401(k) program. We know both from Medicare and from business that if you make enroll-ment easy, you have 95 percent partici-pation. Now, that is so good in the set-ting of this because if we have all of those enrolled who are eligible to join the ObamaCare replace plan, we make that insurance pool large. We call it a pool for a reason. If you pour a cup of water into an ocean, it does nothing to the level of the ocean. Similarly, if you have one person who is ill who is in a big pool of otherwise healthy people, it does nothing to the expense because the expense of that one person’s illness is spread over many. So by making enrollment easy— fulfilling President Trump’s pledge— just like the ocean with one cup of water, that one person who is sick, the expense spread out over many, the im-pact on any one person’s premium is nil. By the way, there is a lot of conserv-ative support for this sort of concept. First let me just say that coverage is important. If we pretend that people having coverage is not important, it is just not true. I am a physician. I can tell my colleagues there are many con-versations I have had where someone who was poorly insured or uninsured might need some critical medicine or critical procedure and we had to work, scramble, do everything we could to get her the coverage she needed to have sometimes a lifesaving procedure. Rich Lowry is a conservative col-umnist for the National Review. He had a column saying that the worst ar-gument against replacing the Afford-able Care Act is that coverage is not important. Coverage is important. If we go on toward this kind of con-cept—make healthcare enrollment easy; you are in unless you are out— Jim Capretta, Joe Antos, and Stuart Butler have all spoken about using this concept. Nina Owcharenko and Bob Moffit of the Heritage Foundation wrote in Senator J
OHNMCCAIN’s Presi-dential plan in 2008 that it would be ac-companied by a system of automatic enrollment of health insurance, either at the workplace—and then they go on. But they were praising the Presidential candidate’s—but now Senator J
OHN M
CCAIN’s—employment of let’s make it easy to enroll. By the way, President Trump kind of emphasized this. Just before he was in-augurated on January 15, he gave an interview to the Washington Post and he was talking about his proposed healthcare law. We have already men-tioned the components that he said were in it. He wanted all covered, car-ing for those with preexisting condi-tions, getting rid of the mandates, and lowering premiums, but he added this: People under his law ‘‘can expect to have great healthcare. It will be in a much more simplified form. Much less expensive, and much better.’’ I like that: simplified. Under ObamaCare, we have like 16 pages online that people have to fill out with all their W–2s with them in order to find out if they are eligible. The patients I saw in a hospital for the uninsured where median income may have been $16,000, people lived in per-haps public housing, they took public transportation to the public library in order to log on because they did not have a home computer, much less internet. That is not simple. That is why enrollment numbers are lower for lower incomes. We make it easy. Let me just emphasize one more time: If we can get that bigger pool of people, premiums fall. So for my fam-ily member in San Francisco who can’t afford that premium, if we get that pool bigger, premiums fall. Similarly for the insurance consultant here or my friends back home in Louisiana, if we can make that pool bigger by mak-ing enrollment easier, their premiums will fall. I will just say that I call myself a kitchen table conservative. All those conservative families who voted for Donald Trump, who sit down at their kitchen table and they know they can’t afford a $20,000 premium and already they are struggling with their car note, their house note; they have given up sending their kids to a private school; they are doing whatever they can to make ends meet. Under the un-Afford-able Care Act, they are required to pay so much. When they heard President Trump say that he would lower their premiums, they saw that as a lifeline for their family budget. Their vote for President Trump was a cry for help: Help us with insurance premiums we cannot afford. Now, as a kitchen table conservative myself, to those families who voted for Republican candidates over the last several elections but who absolutely know they need help with their health insurance, we have a solution for them. But let me pause for a second. You don’t have to be a conservative to care for this solution. In fact, people on the left have actually endorsed this con-cept as well. I will end by saying this. As we come up with a replacement plan for the Af-fordable Care Act, it will not be a Re-publican solution and it will not be a Democratic solution. At its best, it will be an American solution—an American solution for that family at the kitchen table, struggling to pay their pre-miums, who can’t do so now but know that they need coverage. In so doing, if we can fulfill President Trump’s cam-paign pledges to cover all, caring for those with preexisting conditions, eliminating mandates, and lowering premiums by making enrollment easy through something called auto enroll-ment, we will have done our job. Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO WILLIAM DAUSTER Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I have two words for Bill Dauster: Thank you. Thank you, Bill Dauster, for your brilliant mind and unwearying service to the U.S. Senate, to the American people, and to America’s most noble ideals. Thank you for your good humor, and thank you for your endless supply of good ideas. The Senate is going to miss you. In Steven Spielberg’s Movie ‘‘Lin-coln,’’ with Daniel Day-Lewis, there is a scene in which President Lincoln is talking with Congressman Thaddeus Stephens of Pennsylvania, played by Tommy Lee Jones. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.070 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3203 May 25, 2017 
Thaddeus Stephens was one of the most righteous, uncompromising aboli-tionists in all of American history— and thank goodness for him. In the movie, he tells President Lin-coln that there is no use in appealing to the moral decency of slaveholders and their allies to end slavery and ra-cial discrimination. The reason, he says, is that ‘‘the inner compass that should direct the soul toward justice has ossified’’—be-come utterly useless—‘‘through toler-ating the evil of slavery.’’ President Lincoln’s reply was so wise. He said, ‘‘A compass, I learnt when I was surveying, . . . it’ll point you True North from where you’e standing, but it’s got no advice about the swamps and desert and chasm that you’ll encounter along the way.’’ He went on to say,‘‘If in pursuit of your destination, you plunge ahead, heedless of obstacles, and achieve noth-ing more than to sink in a swamp, what’s the use of knowing True North?’’ There is a lesson in that story for all of us. Passing laws in our democracy re-quires more than passion and more than clever speeches. Passing laws requires legislative skill. It requires mastery of parliamen-tary procedure and arcane rules. That is how we avoid the ‘‘swamps and desert and chasms’’ that President Lin-coln spoke of. Bill Dauster knows more about the rules of the Senate than probably any-one since Senator Robert C. Byrd. That has made him something of a legend in the Senate, on both sides of the aisle. But what makes him even more ad-mirable is the reason that Bill Dauster has mastered the mechanics of law-making. Bill has worked for a lot of big names in American politics, but it is dignity and justice and fairness for the little guy that has always driven him. In 30-plus years, he left the Senate only twice, for brief stretches. Once was to be President Bill Clinton’s dep-uty assistant for economic policy dur-ing the golden years of a budget sur-plus. The other time was in 1998 and 1999, to work on the Presidential ex-ploratory committee of Senator Paul Wellstone. Paul Wellstone used to say: ‘‘I didn’t come to the Senate to fight for the Rockefellers. They have enough lobby-ists. I’m here to fight for the little feller.’’ That could be Bill Dauster’s motto too. Bill Dauster has the rare sort of vi-sion in which no one is invisible, no one is so small that they are undeserving of respect. Bill isn’t the only dedicated public servant in his family. His equally bril-liant wife, Ellen Weintraub, has served as a commissioner on the Federal Elec-tion Commission since 2002. They are the parents of three grown children, Matthew, Natanya, and Emma. We thank the entire Dauster- Weintraub family for sharing Bill with us. Somehow, even with the obligations of work and family, Bill has found the time to be something of a Talmudic scholar. So let me end with this thought, from the ancient Taludic sage, Rabbi Tarfon, who wrote, ‘‘Do not be daunted by the enormity of the world’s grief. Do justly, now. Love mercy, now. Walk humbly, now. You are not obligated to complete the work, but neither are you free to abandon it.’’ For 30 years, Bill Dauster has helped this Senate pass laws that have made life more just and more merciful for untold multitudes, in America and around the world. Although he is leav-ing the Senate, I know he wil never abandon that work. 
f 
THE PRESIDENT IN SAUDI ARABIA Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, while the Office of Management and Budget was putting the finishing touches on its Or-wellian-themed ‘‘A New Foundation for American Greatness,’’ the President’s fiscal year 2018 budget, which proposes to eliminate or drastically reduce fund-ing for a vast array of critical pro-grams on which the American people— including the most vulnerable among us—depend, the Trump family was being feted by one of the world’s wealthiest and repressive regimes. Not only has the Saudi family used its vast oil wealth to promote an ex-tremist ideology, including in madrassas and mosques in South Asia, the Middle East, and North Africa, its grip on power is made possible through corruption and the systematic denial of fundamental rights, including the bru-tal oppression of women and girls, human trafficking, and the exploi-tation of foreign labor. After criticizing the Saudis during the Presidential campaign, earlier this week, President Trump and his family basked in the opulent glow of Saudi family royalty. According to press re-ports, just prior to their arrival, the President’s son-in-law finalized a $110 billion sale of American weapons to the Saudis; yet neither the President nor his advisers, who danced with Saudi sheiks in a grand palace, voiced any concern that Saudi Arabia is a police state whose citizens have no oppor-tunity to change their government, where criticism of the Royal family is not tolerated, and where arbitrary ar-rest and torture are common, nor with the Saudis’ repeated misuse of U.S. military equipment against innocent civilians in Yemen. In fact, standing next to the Saudi Foreign Minister at a joint press con-ference, Secretary Tillerson rightly called on the Iranian Government to restore freedom of speech and assembly for its people so they can ‘‘live the life that they deserve.’’ But do the Saudi people not deserve such rights? He made no such appeal to the Saudi mon-archy. Secretary of State Tillerson has also made clear that the values and indi-vidual rights that Americans have long believed are what makes the United States the great country that it is and which are in fact universal values en-shrined not only in our Bill of Rights, but also in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, will take a back seat to our ‘‘national security and economic interests.’’ In that sense, the adminis-tration is modeling itself after China and Russia, which, given President Trump’s admiration for ‘‘strong’’ lead-ers like President Putin and Secretary Tillerson’s background as he head of the world’s largest oil company, should surprise no one. According to a press report, Sec-retary of Commerce Ross found it ‘‘fas-cinating’’ that there were no protests during the President’s visit to Saudi Arabia. ‘‘Not one guy with a bad placard,’’ he said, apparently oblivious to the fact that protests are prohibited and any protester would have been im-mediately arrested. I know I am not the only one here who finds it hard to fathom that a President who has condemned ter-rorism, as he should, says virtually nothing about the Saudi royal family’s own support for extremism that breeds terrorism, and nothing about the Saudi regime’s gross mistreatment of its own citizens. In fact, the President’s daugh-ter, who purports to speak on behalf of the White House, publicly praised the Saudi regime’s progress on women’s rights, ignoring the fact that every woman she met with—none of whom were women’s rights activists—re-quired the permission of a male rel-ative to participate. America’s values, including the de-fense of human rights, are a source of our strength, our durability, and our leadership in the world. I have no qualms with a President of the United States visiting Saudi Arabia. In fact, I support it. What I don’t support, how-ever, is the President agreeing to a massive sale of weapons to a regime that, with the exception of its antip-athy toward Iran, shares little in com-mon with the United States. Saudi Arabia has been a supporter of ter-rorism. Its armed forces have com-mitted war crimes in Yemen. Saudi Arabia ranks among the world’s worse violators of human rights—even below Iran. The message to the Saudi regime and the Saudi people from President Trump and his family is that these issues are no longer important enough to even mention. Those of us who have been working on protecting and promoting U.S. na-tional security interests since long be-fore this administration took office know better. It is not possible to effec-tively separate our values, like the pro-tection of individual freedoms and other human rights, and our national security and economic interests. They are inextricably linked, and we will all pay the price if we ignore that reality. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:57 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.061 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3204 May 25, 2017 
RESOLUTION OF THE BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE WASHINGTON NATIONAL OPERA Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, my wife Marcelle and I know and respect Jac-queline Mars. She joined the Wash-ington National Opera’s board of trust-ees in 2003. She was elected as chair-man of the board of the Washington National Opera in 2011 and oversaw WNO’s affiliation with the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts. Some of the highlights during her tenure as chair have been the ac-claimed production of American Ring— The Ring of the Nibelung; M&M’s Opera in the Outfield; the Holiday Family Opera; and the American Opera Initiative. Marcelle tells me that, in recognition and appreciation of all of her tireless efforts and enormous con-tribution and support of the Wash-ington National Opera, the Board of Trustees of the Washington National Opera have unanimously approved that Jacqueline Mars will now be recognized as chairman of the board of trustees emeritus of the Washington National Opera. I ask unanimous consent that this resolution be printer in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
RESOLUTION OF THE BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF  
THEWASHINGTON NATIONAL OPERA  The Board of Trustees of the Washington National Opera (the ‘‘Board’’) does hereby adopt the following resolutions: Whereas, the Board recognizes the extraor-dinary achievements of Jacqueline Badger Mars as Trustee and Chairman of the Wash-ington National Opera; Whereas, in her years as Chairman, Jac-queline Badger Mars has provided wise, far- sighted, and creative leadership in guiding the Washington National Opera from the challenges it faced in effectuating its his-toric affiliation with the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, through its successful and acclaimed production of Wag-ner’s Der Ring des Nibelungen cycle of op-eras—perhaps the most ambitious project that can be undertaken in the opera world, to its commissioning and introduction of new works by new composers and librettists as part of the American Opera Initiative; Whereas, Jacqueline Badger Mars’s service as Chairman has included numerous other highlights and accomplishments; and Whereas, the Board wishes to recognize its deep appreciation to Jacqueline Badger Mars for her untiring efforts and enormous con-tribution to and support of the Washington National Opera and the operatic art form generally, and for her friendship over the years, now, therefore, be it: Resolved, That Jacqueline Badger Mars shall hereinafter be recognized as Chairman of the Board of Trustees Emeritus of the Washington National Opera; and further Resolved, That this resolution shall be ef-fective May 15, 2017. f 
NATIONAL MISSING CHILDREN’S DAY Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I would like to take this opportunity to remind my colleagues that today is Na-tional Missing Children’s Day. President Reagan highlighted the im-portance of making child safety a pri-ority when he established May 25 as National Missing Children’s Day for the first time in 1983. On this day, we pause to remember those children who have gone missing and honor those who are dedicated to their rescue. According to the FBI, hundreds of thousands of children are reported missing each year. Most of these cases are closed within hours, thanks to the quick actions of families, communities, and law enforcement personnel, but there also are children, like Lyric Cook and Elizabeth Collins, who never make it home safely. Ten-year-old Lyric and 8-year-old Elizabeth disappeared in 2012 while taking a bike ride near their grand-mother’s house in Evansdale, IA. Their bodies were found in the woods nearby later that year. Almost 5 years have passed since their lives were cut short, but the perpetrator has yet to be iden-tified. My heart goes out to their grieving families and the families of all the other children who have lost their lives in similar tragedies. These child abduc-tion and murder cases are a reminder of the need to promptly pass legisla-tion to extend the key programs au-thorized by the Adam Walsh Child Pro-tection and Safety Act. The Senate passed such a bill by a vote of 89 to 0 in the 114th Congress. Another measure that would make a difference in the lives of missing children is Kevin and Avonte’s Law. Last year, the Senate unanimously passed this legislation, which is named in honor of two boys with autism who died after wandering from safety. This bill, which I cospon-sored, promotes the use of technology to help locate children with autism and related conditions who may be suscep-tible to wandering away from safety. It also supports training for first respond-ers and other community officials to help prevent and respond to these cases. A related bill passed the other Cham-ber by a wide margin late last year. I am currently working with the sponsor of that companion bill, Congressman CHRIS SMITH, to resolve the differences between our two bills. Congressman S
MITH and I intend to reintroduce an updated version of Kevin and Avonte’s Law in each Chamber in the coming weeks. Finally, I would also like to take this opportunity to announce that I will soon introduce legislation, known as the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2017. The bill I am developing in-cludes several provisions to help in the fight against child exploitation. First, it promotes training of school resource officers, to ensure that they can better detect and respond to child trafficking cases. Second, it updates the authoriza-tion for the National Center for Miss-ing and Exploited Children. Third, it extends and updates some of the key programs that were established under the Trafficking Victims Protection Act. In closing, the feeling of dread and helplessness that families must feel when a child goes missing is unimagi-nable. To help prevent similar trage-dies in the future, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting these impor-tant pieces of legislation. f 
ASIAN PACIFIC HERITAGE MONTH Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize May as Asian Pacific American Heritage Month and cele-brate the many contributions of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders, AAPI. The Asian American and Pacific Is-lander community is diverse and draws from a variety of distinct cultures, each of which has strengthened this country—providing leaders, innovators, scientists, activists, artists, and citi-zens. As we take the time to recognize Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders and their heritage, it would be neg-ligent to forget that this year marks 75 years since President Franklin Delano Roosevelt signed Executive Order 9066. He signed Executive Order 9066 in the aftermath of the attack on Pearl Har-bor and authorized the Department of War—today known as the Department of Defense—to establish ‘‘military zones.’’ The military had complete au-thority over these zones, including con-trol over who entered and who was per-mitted to leave. The military zones be-came internment camps. In total, some 75,000 Americans of Japanese ancestry and 45,000 Japanese nationals were im-prisoned in these camps across the country. At the time, many attempted to jus-tify the internment camps by citing Japan’s attack on Pearl Harbor. They cited the need to protect our homeland from potential espionage. They cited the fact that Japan was our wartime enemy. They cited the likelihood that the next attack would come from someone ‘‘looking like’’ the enemy. What they failed to explain was why no internment camps were established for Americans of German ancestry—or Italian ancestry. Japan was not our only wartime enemy; yet Japanese Americans were the only ones thrust into imprisonment under the guise of ‘‘national security.’’ It is not difficult to guess why. Japa-nese Americans were targeted because their heritage was thought to be easier to perceive. Of course, in many cases, the U.S. Department of War did not draw distinctions between Americans of Japanese ancestry and Americans of other Asian or Pacific Islander ances-try. If you were thought to look like the enemy, you were a target—full stop—and were at risk of being impris-oned illegally by the American Govern-ment. This is one of the darkest periods in our history. We must not forget it. We cannot forget the tens of thousands of innocent families who were stripped of their basic human and legal rights and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.060 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3205 May 25, 2017 
property, racially profiled, and de-graded. We cannot forget that ‘‘na-tional security’’ was then—and is now—a poor justification for racial profiling and a transparent attempt to sanction and institutionalize racism. These are lessons the Asian Amer-ican and Pacific Islander community has carried for generations, all while making our country stronger and more inclusive. The AAPI experiences—when we take the time to hear them—force us to engage in self-reflection, to be more aware of our own biases, and more cautious of our own impulses. As the former chairman and ranking member of the Senate Foreign Rela-tions Subcommittee on East Asia and the Pacific, I have worked hard to stay mindful of the needs and concerns of the AAPI community. I have learned that, while we have come a very long way over the past 75 years, the AAPI community still battles nativism that portrays its members as something other than ‘‘real’’ Americans. They still bear the burden and pain of dis-crimination, and they still struggle to have their voice and their perspective heard during the great debates of our time. The changes Republicans are seeking on healthcare, for example, would have far-reaching consequences for the AAPI community. Asian Americans and Pa-cific Islanders have one of the highest incidences of Hepatitis A. In fact, in 2013, they had the highest Hepatitis A rates out of any ethnic group in the country. In 2015, tuberculosis was 30 times more common among Asian Americans than among any other group. Both Hepatitis A and tuber-culosis would be considered preexisting conditions—conditions that would have made many Asian American and Pa-cific Islanders uninsurable before President Obama signed the Affordable Care Act into law and conditions that would result in sky-high premiums under the misguided American Health Care Act. By comparison, the Affordable Care Act has reduced the uninsured rate for minority communities by at least 35 percent. It also expanded Medicaid, al-lowing over 250,000 more Maryland beneficiaries to access an array of men-tal health services like therapy, psy-chiatric rehabilitation, and many oth-ers. The Affordable Care Act’s Med-icaid expansion had similar positive impacts for mental health services across the country, which affects Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders di-rectly as they continue to work tire-lessly to reduce suicide rates. For these reasons, when we think of healthcare, we must consider the human cost our policies inflict on every community— on every American. Likewise, immigration bans based on country of origin, race, or religion are awakening newfound fear that minor-ity communities will be targeted once more, that racial profiling will rear its ugly head again, licensed and sanc-tioned by the Federal Government. The AAPI community’s concern is war-ranted; people’s fear is understandable. Each Member of Congress must realize that caring about the mistakes of our past means working with purpose and with conviction to prevent them from happening again in the present. We must use our votes where our values need defending and our voices where there is silence. As we move forward through Asian Pacific American Heritage Month and beyond, I implore every member of this Chamber to remember that the best way to honor that heritage is to re-spect the community bearing it. Hear-ing their experiences, carrying their lessons with us into the policy arena, and considering their needs and fears as our own, these are the substantive ways by which we can truly honor Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage. I am committed to honoring it accordingly and join every American of Asian or Pacific Islander heritage in celebrating this month as their own. 
f 
JEWISH AMERICAN HERITAGE MONTH Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize and celebrate Jewish American Heritage Month. As a proud Jewish American, I am honored to have the opportunity to acknowledge our heritage and the ways by which it has helped shape this country. The list is a long one, but this year, I want to focus on Mendes Cohen, whose legacy serves as a microcosm of our community. Mendes Cohen was born in Richmond, VA, in May of 1796 to Israel and Judith Solomon Cohen, both of whom were im-migrants. Mendes’s father came from Germany, and his mother came from England. His father died when Mendes was just 12 years old. The event was a tragedy, of course, for Mendes, his six siblings, and his mother, who moved the family to Baltimore for a fresh start shortly thereafter. Mendes grew up not far from where I grew up; he was raised not unlike I was raised. He believed in the value of pub-lic service. He believed in serving his country and working for the good of his community. He held fast to an ide-ology based on tolerance, equality, and fraternity. It was precisely this ide-ology that led him to fighting in the War of 1812 at Ft. McHenry. After the war, he and his brother Jacob began lobbying to change Maryland’s con-stitution so that Jews could run for public office. In 1826, he was successful, and by 1847, he was a delegate in the Maryland General Assembly. He car-ried his love of country and belief in public service with him throughout the remainder of his life, going on to serve as a delegate to the State Peace Con-vention during the Civil War. Mendes was, simply put, a historic marvel. He was a forward thinker, an activist, a consummate public servant, and a proud Jew. He broke down the single greatest barrier to Jewish entry into public life and opened the door for Jews—including me—to pursue public service. Today, as I stand in this Cham-ber as a U.S. Senator from Maryland, I am struck by the impact of Mendes Cohen’s legacy. If I were able to speak to him now, I would tell him: thank you. Thank you for paving the way for me to have it all: my faith, my family, my heritage, and my career in public service. If Mendes were able to speak now, I imagine he would tell us that his work is unfinished. He would en-courage us to continue carrying the torch of public engagement and civil service. He would remind us that path toward progress, by its very definition, has no endpoint. These values underpin the broader Jewish community in Maryland and across the country. We learned early in our own history that the tide of oppres-sion and bigotry can rise quickly and that, when it floods one shore, it floods them all. We learned that, when it comes for one community, it spares none. We learned that we must be our own stewards—that pluralism and equality demand constant guardians and that, when prejudice threatens them, nothing but our own tenacity can fend it off. That tenacity is needed now more than ever, as we are confronted by re-surgent anti-Semitism in every corner of the world—even here, at home. In the past few months, we have wit-nessed hate speech targeted at the Jew-ish community on social media, the os-tracism and vilification of Jewish stu-dents on college campuses, and attacks against Jewish businesses and syna-gogues; yet it is precisely because the Jewish community has endured genera-tions of persecution that promoting tolerance, equality, and inclusion has become a central tenant of Jewish American culture. Jewish Americans participated in the abolitionist movement in the 19th cen-tury. They joined the ranks of the Stu-dent Nonviolent Coordinating Com-mittee during the Civil Rights move-ment. The partnership between Julius Rosenwald and Booker T. Washington resulted in the construction of thou-sands of schools for African-American children in the South throughout the 20th Century. Jewish Americans are proud of their history promoting such causes. They are proud of their faith and their herit-age, but they are also proud to profess their support of other people’s faiths and heritage. They are proud to be guardians of a free and pluralistic soci-ety; they are proud to weave love out of millennia of knowing hate. That is the story of Jewish Americans. From Mendes Cohen to the American Jewish community’s defense of diversity and inclusion today, every chapter we write, though unique, shares the same theme: progress—progress and equal-ity. Jewish Americans have, therefore, helped make the United States the force for human and equal rights that it is today, but each day, we face chal-lenges to those ideals, challenges that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.043 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3206 May 25, 2017 
have felt increasingly ominous in re-cent months; yet this country will re-main a beacon for the oppressed and the downtrodden. That beacon will stay lit due, in no small part, to the continued activism and conviction of the Jewish American community. This month, we thank them for that service, as we remind ourselves that our work goes on. 
f 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, today I wish to honor our brave men and women in law enforcement. During Na-tional Police Week, we commemorate the conviction and compassion they bring to their jobs every day, as well as the difficult choices and the sacrifices they make. From members of local po-lice departments, to rapid transit offi-cers, to court bailiffs, public safety of-ficers risk their lives to keep our fami-lies and communities safe. That is a fact that we can never forget and a re-ality that confronts public safety offi-cers and their families every day. This is a time to reflect on what law en-forcement officers do for our commu-nities, to thank those who serve us, and to pay special recognition to those who have lost their lives in the line of duty. It is in that spirit, and with a heavy heart, that I rise to honor seven Michi-gan law enforcement officers who were killed in the line of duty in 2016. These men gave everything to their commu-nities, their families, the State of Michigan, and their country. Across Michigan, our hearts have been shat-tered by their deaths, and our grief and gratitude go out to their families. Let us take one moment to honor their lifetimes of service: Myron Jarrett, Po-lice Officer, Detroit Police Depart-ment; Ronald Kienzle, Court Officer, Berrien County Trial Court; Kevin Mil-ler, Sergeant, Detroit Police Depart-ment; Collin Rose, Wayne State Uni-versity Police Department; Kenneth Steil, Sergeant, Detroit Police Depart-ment; Michael Winter, Posse Deputy, Branch County Sheriff’s Office; and Jo-seph Zangaro, Security Supervisor, Berrien County Trial Court. The deaths of these officers were only some of the devastating tragedies that have shaken communities in Michigan and across this country. In these dif-ficult times, we must always acknowl-edge each other’s sacrifices, walk in one another’s shoes, and feel the com-passion in each other’s hearts. This is what our law enforcement officers strive to do for us, and what we can do for them. During National Police Week and every day, we must continue to support our law enforcement officers, and we must work to ensure that they and their communities have the re-sources they need to live safely and serve the highest ideals of this Nation. HONORING TROOPER THOMAS CLARDY Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to honor the memory of Trooper Thomas Clardy, who was killed in the line of duty on March 16, 2016. Last week, the country observed Na-tional Police Week, a week in honor of the brave law enforcement officers who lost their lives in the line of duty, and on Monday, we will observe Memorial Day, a day we honor the heroic men and women who paid the ultimate sac-rifice in service to their country. Thomas Clardy, an officer and a vet-eran, is one of those brave people to whom our Nation owes a debt of grati-tude. Born and raised in Park City, UT, Trooper Clardy spent his adult life in service to his country, his community, and his family. After graduating from high school, Trooper Clardy spent 2 years in the U.S. Army before transfer-ring to the U.S. Marine Corps, where he served 11 years. Following his honorable discharge from the Marines, Trooper Clardy began a long and esteemed career in service to his community. He grad-uated from the Massachusetts State Trooper Academy in 2005 and was a val-ued member of the Massachusetts State Police until his untimely death. Trooper Clardy was a dedicated and loving husband to his wife, Reisa, and father to his seven children. Thanks-giving was a sacred holiday for Trooper Clardy. He spent it, without fail, sur-rounded by friends and loved ones, en-joying football with the kids and spending quality time with the family he loved so much. Today we honor his service and sac-rifice. May his memory continue to challenge and inspire us. 
f 
HONORING OFFICER RONALD TARENTINO Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I would like to take the opportunity to honor the memory of Officer Ronald Tarentino, who was killed in the line of duty on May 22, 2016. Last week, the country observed Na-tional Police Week, a week in honor of the brave law enforcement officers who paid the ultimate sacrifice in service to their community. Officer Ronald Tarentino was one of those brave offi-cers. Officer Tarentino was born in Med-ford and raised in Medford and Tewksbury, MA. The son of a police of-ficer, he followed his father’s example when he joined the police force, spend-ing 7 years in the Leicester Police De-partment before transferring to the Auburn Police Department, where he served until his untimely death 2 years later. I had the honor of attending the wake of Officer Tarentino and was moved by the stories of his selfless dedication to those around him. Officer Tarentino was the coworker everyone loved. His passion for his work was eas-ily apparent to anyone who knew him. He came into work with a smile and made friends with all of his colleagues. Outside of work, he enjoyed fishing, hunting, and archery and was a mem-ber of the Massachusetts Police Asso-ciation, the Auburn Elks, and Mus-tangs or Massachusetts. Most of all, Officer Tarentino was a loving husband and a father of three. Today we honor his service and sac-rifice. May his memory continue to challenge and inspire us. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 555TH PARA-CHUTE INFANTRY BATTALION Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I would like to take a few minutes today and share with my colleagues an extraor-dinary piece of our country’s World War II and civil rights history: the story of the 555th Parachute Infantry Battalion—or the Triple Nickles, as they would come to be called. The 555th was officially activated in December 1943 at Fort Benning, GA, and began as a company of Black offi-cers and enlisted men. Seventeen sol-diers graduated Army jump school the following February, earning a coveted Parachutist Badge—their ‘‘wings.’’ The Army transferred the unit after several months to Camp Mackall, NC, and, in November 1944, redesignated it Com-pany A of the newly activated 555th Parachute Infantry Battalion. Although the 555th did not serve overseas during World War II, it per-formed an important role in defending the American homeland. In 1944 and 1945, the Japanese launched roughly 9,000 ‘‘balloon bombs,’’ explosives at-tached to paper balloons that rode the jetstream current across the Pacific Ocean and over the contiguous United States. One of these balloon bombs exploded in Oregon, killing a pregnant woman and five children in what historians re-gard as the only American World War II combat causalities to occur in the contiguous United States. The members of the 555th boarded a train westward to Oregon on a secret mission to help defend Americans liv-ing in the Pacific Northwest and the natural timber resources deemed vital to the war effort. The incident in Oregon was one of more than 275 documented balloon bomb related incidents as far east as Detroit, MI, south into Texas, and north into Canada and Alaska. Japanese balloon bombs, of course, had the potential not only to wound or kill but also to set forests ablaze in the western United States. Putting those fires out and dealing with their after-math could divert the Nation’s focus on the war effort and dampen Amer-ican morale. The Triple Nickles arrived in Oregon in 1945 and were sent out to Pendleton Air Field, then still an active military base. They were assigned to work with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.045 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3207 May 25, 2017 
the U.S. Forest Service and received specialized training as smokejumpers and on the handling of unexploded bal-loon bombs. As part of Operation Firefly, the 555th made some 1,200 jumps and fought more than 35 fires in Oregon, Washington, and other western States between July and October 1945. Smokejumping is no easy feat; it is dirty, sweaty, and dangerous work, but because of the 555th’s dedication and professionalism, the unit only ever sus-tained one fatality: Malvin Brown trag-ically fell to his death in the Umpqua National Forest about 45 miles north-west of Crater Lake. His death is re-garded as the first smokejumper death in U.S. history. Make no mistake about it, Malvin Brown and the other soldiers of the 555th Parachute Infantry Battalion are heroes. They were the first Black para-troopers ever to serve in the U.S. Mili-tary, which they did with honor and distinction. They are also the only military unit in history to work as smokejumpers. The soldiers of the 555th faced painful discrimination and blatant racism on a daily basis. They were barred from the store on base while at Fort Benning, GA, even though German and Italian prisoners were allow to enter. Even after the Triple Nickles arrived in Or-egon, they found most restaurants and bars would not serve them. The Army sent the 555th to Fort Bragg, NC, following the Japanese sur-render and, in December 1947, inte-grated the unit into the famed 82nd Airborne Division—making the 82nd the Army’s first racially integrated di-vision. On June 3, 2017, the State of Oregon will commemorate the 555th Parachute Infantry Battalion’s remarkable his-tory and important contributions to the country with the installation of an Oregon State historic marker at the Smokejumper Museum in Cave Junc-tion. It is my true honor to share their story today with my colleagues and to express my profound gratitude to all the Triple Nickles for their service. 
f 
75th ANNIVERSARY OF ALEUTIAN ISLANDS CAMPAIGN AND ALEUT EVACUATION Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, as we approach Memorial Day, we remember the men and women who sacrificed their lives in devotion to the causes of liberty, freedom, and democracy. As such, I would like to take the oppor-tunity to speak about one event in our Nation’s history that had a profound impact on my great State of Alaska. June 3 marks the 75th anniversary of the Aleutian Islands Campaign of the Second World War. This ‘‘Forgotten Battle’’ began with the bombing of Dutch Harbor and sub-sequent invasions of Adak, Kiska, and Attu, AK by the navy of Imperial Japan. For the Allied forces, this cam-paign resulted in 1,481 casualties, 640 missing, and 3,416 wounded, but per-haps what is even less known, is the impact this conflict had on the Aleut— Unangan/Unangas—peoples of Alaska. In the months of June and July of 1942, Aleut communities were damaged, homes and personal possessions rum-maged through or destroyed by Allied forces, and more than 881 Aleut civilian residents of the Pribilof Islands and the Aleutian Islands west of Unimak Island were relocated to temporary camps in Southeast Alaska. Forty-two residents of Attu were taken to Japan in Sep-tember 1943, where they spent the rest of the war as prisoners, and nearly half of them died, mainly of hunger and malnutrition. The campaign ultimately ended in an Allied victory with the Japanese with-drawal from the Aleutians in 1943, but the effects are still felt by those com-munities and peoples who were im-pacted. Today, before the Senate, I would like to take a moment to honor the sacrifices of our servicemembers, in-cluding the 25 Aleut who joined the Armed Forces and the three who par-ticipated in the U.S. invasion to recap-ture Attu and later received Bronze Stars for their valor. I want to also honor the civilians, the Aleut evacuees, and Attuan prisoners of war whose communities, culture, languages, and lives were forever affected. From June 2 to 4, 2017, a memorial ceremony will take place in Alaska to honor and acknowledge the evacuees, their descendants, and veterans of this ‘‘Forgotten Battle,’’ both living and de-ceased. f 
REMEMBERING CECILIA ZARATE- LAUN Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the life and legacy of Cecilia Zarate-Laun. Her passing leaves Wisconsin without one of its greatest advocates for justice and peace, and I am proud to pay tribute to this extraordinary woman. Cecilia was born in Santander Prov-ince of Colombia. She was the oldest of five sisters and attended school in Bucaramanga and at the National Uni-versity of Colombia. Following the completion of her studies, she took a position as a professor of nutrition, a job that led to her arrival in Madison, WI for graduate school. Cecilia received a scholarship to at-tend the University of Wisconsin-Madi-son for her master’s degree. While studying in Madison, Cecilia met her beloved husband, Jack. After comple-tion of graduate school, Cecilia re-turned to Colombia, working as a nu-tritionist for the Colombian Govern-ment’s National Nutrition Plan. In 1976, she married John ‘‘Jack’’ Laun and the following year returned to the United States. In 1987, extended civil war in Colom-bia inspired Cecilia and Jack to cofound the Colombia Support Network CSN, a grassroots human rights organi-zation based in Madison, WI. Cecilia’s work with CSN was her pride and joy. As CSN program director, Cecilia worked tirelessly to connect Ameri-cans to Colombian communities af-fected by the war. She was inspired to help establish new chapters of CSN in locations ranging from the University of Wisconsin-Madison to central New York, connecting these communities through a ‘‘sister cities’’ program to rural Colombian communities facing violence during the Colombian civil war. She led over 50 delegations of citi-zens, journalists, and public officials to Colombia so they could fully under-stand the effect of the civil war. After working with Cecilia and CSN to estab-lish a sister community relationship between Dane County, WI and San Jose ´ de Apartado´, Colombia, I had the honor to accompany her on one of those dele-gations in 1993. In addition to her public service through CSN, Cecilia was a member of the national board of directors of the Women’s International League for Peace and Freedom. She was also a member of the Latin American Sub-committee of the American Friends Service Committee—Quakers—served on the board of directors of the Wis-consin Network for Peace and Justice, and, in October of 2015, received the Global Citizen of the Year Award from the Madison Chapter of the United Na-tions Association. Regardless of the cause or project, Cecilia approached everything with un-paralleled strength, courage, and a sense of selflessness. She approached her battle with cancer with the same attitude. Over the last 4 years, while Cecilia fought against her disease, she continued to fight for others. Her strength was truly amazing. While Cecilia is greatly missed by her family, friends, and community, she leaves behind a legacy for future leaders to emulate. She will always be remembered for her courageous effort to fight for those who could not fight for themselves. Cecilia had an incredibly big heart and an unwavering commitment to others. I am fortunate to have been able to call her my friend. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MICHAEL H. BENNETT Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, today I wish to pay tribute to Judge Michael H. Bennett. Judge Bennett will be re-tiring in May 2017 after serving 28 years as an immigration judge. Former Oregon Governor Tom McCall once said, ‘‘Heroes are not giant statues framed against a red sky. They are people who say, ‘This is my community, and it is my responsibility to make it better.’’’ Judge Bennett truly is a hero, for he has devoted much of his life to making the United States and his community better. Judge M
ICHAEL BENNET t began his career as a general attorney for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:57 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.047 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3208 May 25, 2017 
legacy Immigration and Naturalization Service in El Centro, CA. He also worked as an Assistant Attorney Gen-eral and Assistant Public Defender for the Government of American Samoa. Judge Bennett was appointed as an im-migration judge in El Centro, CA, in 1989. In Oregon, we were fortunate to have Judge Bennett assigned to our immi-gration court in 1998. During his ten-ure, Judge Bennett has served as an impartial adjudicator who is known for his fair and compassionate decisions. He has gained the respect of his col-leagues, fellow attorneys, and the pub-lic for his intricate knowledge of immi-gration law. Further, Judge Bennett has created a positive work environ-ment in the Portland immigration court that is commendable and should be recognized. Judge Bennett comes from a long line of public servants, including his grandparents and parents. His grand-father served in the U.S. Navy and fought in WWII. Judge Bennett’s father also served in the U.S. Navy and even-tually earned his Ph.D. and became a teacher. Judge Bennett and his wife, Sivai, have continued to dedicate themselves to making Oregon a better place through their public service. It is an honor to recognize Judge Mi-chael H. Bennett for his service to the United States, to Oregon, and to his community. 
f 
150TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE MAINE DENTAL ASSOCIATION Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, the Maine Dental Association was incor-porated in 1867 with 22 members. Today I wish to recognize the MDA and its more than 700 members for 150 years of dedication to their profession and to the people of our State. The remarkable advancements in dentistry over the years were accom-panied by a greater understanding of the link between oral health and over-all health. As doctors who specialize in oral medicine, the dentists of the MDA are a central part of Maine’s healthcare sector. Expanding access to healthcare, including oral healthcare, is among the most important issues facing our society. Maine is a large, rural State with a strong network of dental clinics supported by MDA mem-bers. In addition, the MDA sponsors the Donated Dental Services Program that provides free comprehensive care to our disabled, aged, and medically com-promised citizens in need. Access to oral healthcare in Maine took a major step forward on May 20, 2017, when the University of New Eng-land College of Dental Medicine held a commencement ceremony for its first graduating class. The MDA has been a strong supporter of this first dental college in northern New England since the college was founded in 2013, and many of the 62 graduates who earned doctor of dental medicine degrees per-formed clinical rotations in commu-nities throughout the State under the guidance of MDA members. I visited the Portland UNE clinic and was de-lighted to learn of the plans of many students to practice in Maine where their services are very much needed. From preventing and treating oral health problems to educating parents and caregivers, MDA members also play an essential role in the health, safety, and well-being of Maine chil-dren. Throughout our State, members of the Maine Dental Association provide vital healthcare with expertise, com-mitment, and compassion. It is a pleas-ure to congratulate the MDA for 150 years of accomplishments and con-tributions benefiting the people of Maine. f 
175TH ANNIVERSARY OF CASE IH AGRICULTURE AND FARM EQUIP-MENT Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, today I wish to celebrate the 175th anniver-sary of Case IH Agriculture and Farm Equipment and to recognize its out-standing commitment and contribution to Wisconsin’s economy. Mr. Jerome Increase Case, born in 1819 in western New York, was well ac-quainted with agricultural equipment even as a young man. Case provided threshing services to local farms and realized at the young age of 16 that farming techniques needed improve-ment after witnessing a demonstration of an early threshing machine that could thresh more in one hour than a man could all day. After settling in Wisconsin in the early 1840s, Case build his first thresher-separator in Roch-ester, WI, but when the town refused to let Case draw electricity from the local mill, Case loaded his invention into a wagon and headed to Racine, WI. The J.I. Case Threshing Machine Company was founded in 1842 at a time when Racine’s tallest building was the local grain elevator. By 1848, the com-pany was Racine’s largest employer. As a true pioneer in the field of agricul-tural equipment, J.I. Case manufac-tured the first steam engine tractor in 1869. The Old No. 1 is still on display at the Smithsonian Institution. Although it was mounted on wheels, it was still drawn by horses. The first self-pro-pelled steam engine followed in 1876. Case machines were first transported beyond U.S. borders in 1871 and won first prize at the Paris Exposition. By 1886, Case became the largest producer of steam engines in the world. During World War II, the company’s plants manufactured aircraft wings, aircraft towing tractors, artillery shells, and doors for the Sherman tank. In fact, the company’s 1942 centennial was celebrated 7 years late because of the war. In 1985, Case IH became the Nation’s second-largest farm equipment manu-facturer after J.I. Case purchased the agricultural division of International Harvest and the business legacies of two major equipment companies were united under one company. In 1999, Case IH merged with New Holland Ag to form a parent company, CNH Global, although equipment was still produced under the Case IH name. Since the merger, Case has remained at the fore-front of the farming industry, seeking new ways to adapt to the changing trends. In 2010, Case IH created the world’s first tractor to meet the tier 4 emissions requirements of the Environ-mental Protection Agency. Case IH Ag-riculture and Farm Equipment cur-rently works with more than 4,900 deal-ers and distributes products in more than 160 countries. As one of Wisconsin’s founding manu-facturers, Case has been a major con-tributor to Wisconsin’s farming legacy. Over the past 175 years, this proud company has provided jobs for count-less Wisconsin families and economic growth for the State I am so proud to represent. I offer my sincere congratulations to Case leadership and workers as they celebrate 175 years of business, and I wish them the very best for many more years of success in Racine and around the world. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO HARRY SIMMONS, JR. ∑Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, I am pleased to commend Harry Simmons, Jr., of Yazoo City, MS, for his service and contributions to the State of Mis-sissippi while serving as the 81st presi-dent of the Delta Council. Since its founding in 1935, Delta Council has grown to be a widely re-spected economic development organi-zation representing the business, pro-fessional, and agricultural interests of the Mississippi Delta region. I am grateful to Delta Council for its contin-uous role in meeting the economic and quality of life challenges in this unique part of our country. Harry Simmons’s tenure as council president began in May 2016. In leading the council, he has been a notably strong advocate for Federal flood con-trol, farm support, and infrastructure improvements in the Delta region. A Yazoo County native, Mr. Simmons graduated from Yazoo City High School and earned an agricultural eco-nomics degree from Mississippi State University. He has had a strong career as a catfish and row-crop producer. Mr. Simmons, with his daughter Katy and son-in-law Andy Prosser, jointly man-age both his farm operation and highly successful catfish processing operation, Simmons Farm Raised Catfish. His processing facility employs more than 200 people in Yazoo County, and his farming operation consists of catfish, corn, soybeans, and cotton production. In addition to his leadership in Delta Council, Mr. Simmons has served as chairman of the Catfish Institute, president of Catfish Farmers of Amer-ica, and on the boards of both the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MY6.048 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3209 May 25, 2017 
Yazoo Planters Cotton Gin and Yazoo County Development Foundations. He also served our State and Nation as a commissioned officer in the Mississippi National Guard. I am pleased to join the people throughout my State in commending Harry Simmons, Jr., and sharing our appreciation with his wife, Shirley, and their children, Emily and Katy, and grandson, Miller, as the 82nd annual meeting of the Delta Council member-ship convenes in June.∑ 
f 
RECONIZING JEROME D. MACK MIDDLE SCHOOL ∑Ms. CORTEZ MASTO. Mr. President, today I am honored to congratulate the Jerome D. Mack Middle School, in Las Vegas, NV, for earning the School In-novation and Change Award, SICA. On June 1, 2017, a representative of the Na-tional Principals Leadership Institute will join with Mack Middle School to recognize this achievement formally to a gathering of 700 parents, students, and teachers. This award recognizes Mack Middle School’s principals, teachers, staff, and students for their efforts to embrace new and innovative strategies for edu-cational improvement. To win this award, Mack Middle School submitted a competitive application to the Na-tional Principal Leadership Institute that included a school profile, a school changes story, documents supporting those changes, a reflection of innova-tion, a sustainability plan for how a $10,000 award would be used, and a de-scription of community building. Earning this award is no easy feat. In its improvement efforts, Mack Middle School has seen many upgrades in technology and pedagogy that mark demonstrable change. Every student now receives a laptop computer, and all assignments are completed on a virtual classroom portal. Students are taught to critically self-assess their own abili-ties and have learned to improve their skills to new levels of mastery. Their principal is a nationally board certified teacher and a nationally accredited principal mentor. Ten of their teachers attend national board certification classes, and approximately 390 of their students will earn high school credits this year. All this to say Mack Middle School is more than deserving of this award. Moreover, these changes have posi-tively affected the campus dynamic as teachers are excited about their work and students take charge of their edu-cation plans. More community center than a school, Mack Middle School has become a hub where parents and stu-dents alike partake in use of the school’s athletic fields and even the school’s Wi-Fi signal. In an area that is too often marred by high crime and poverty, the school stands as a beacon of what is possible when teachers are engaged in their community and where parents take an active role in their students’ lives. Mack Middle School is an inspiration for East Las Vegas and the greater Nevada community. I ask my colleagues to join me in rec-ognizing Jerome D. Mack Middle School for their hard work, innovative approaches to education, and their ef-forts to improve educational outcomes for students in East Las Vegas. ∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO WILLIAM ‘‘BILL’’ AUSMUS ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, this week, I have the distinct honor of rec-ognizing William ‘‘Bill’’ Ausmus of Hardin, a World War II Army veteran who celebrated his 100th birthday ear-lier this month. Bill has been involved with a variety of community organiza-tions in Big Horn County for many years, helping countless Montanans along the way. His accomplishments are something we can all celebrate. After his World War II military serv-ice concluded, Bill spent almost seven decades serving in his local American Legion Post 8 and remained in an ac-tive capacity with the post into his nineties. His professional vocation was serving as the Big Horn County sur-veyor and, for a time, the assessor. These vital positions afforded him the opportunity to interact with and pro-vide useful help to many in his local community. Bill developed a reputa-tion for accuracy and customer service in his professional work. He was also integral in the formation of his local Methodist Church and is known for his volunteerism and generous donations to community projects and causes. The longevity of his many endeavors and willingness to help others along the way serves as an inspiration to us all. When looking back through the history of Big Horn County during the past century, it is clear that Bill has been key contributor. Congratulations, Bill, on your recent 100th birthday, and thank you for your service.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CLAIRE ALISON ∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I recognize Claire Alison, an intern in my Washington, DC, office for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. Claire is a graduate of El Camino Real Charter High School in Los Ange-les, CA. Currently, she is attending California State University, Northridge, where she is majoring in history. Claire is a dedicated worker who has been committed to getting the most out of her experience. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Claire Alison for all of the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOSEPH SCHARTZ ∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I recognize Joseph Schartz, an intern in my Washington, DC office for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. Joseph is a graduate of South Dakota State University in Brookings, SD, having earned a degree in journalism. Currently, he is attending the George-town University McCourt School of Public Policy, where he is pursuing his master’s in public policy. Joseph is a dedicated worker who has been com-mitted to getting the most out of his experience. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Joseph Schartz for all of the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come.∑ f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED In executive session the Presiding Of-ficer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations and a withdrawal which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate proceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 10:34 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 467. An act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to ensure that each medical facility of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs complies with requirements relating to scheduling veterans for health care appoint-ments, to improve the uniform application of directives of the Department, and for other purposes. H.R. 624. An act to restrict the inclusion of social security account numbers on Federal documents sent by mail, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 953. An act to amend the Federal In-secticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act and the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to clarify Congressional intent regarding the regulation of the use of pesticides in or near navigable waters, and for other purposes. H.R. 1293. An act to amend title 5, United States Code, to require that the Office of Personnel Management submit an annual re-port to Congress relating to the use of offi-cial time by Federal employees. H.R. 2052. An act to amend the Uniform Code of Military Justice to prohibit the wrongful broadcast or distribution of inti-mate visual images. 
The message further announced that the House has agreed to the following concurrent resolution, without amend-ment: 
S. Con. Res. 14. Concurrent resolution au-thorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for an event to celebrate the birthday of King Kamehameha I. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.069 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3210 May 25, 2017 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 11:58 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 375. An act to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 719 Church Street in Nashville, Ten-nessee, as the ‘‘Fred D. Thompson Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
The President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ) announced that on May 24, 2017, he had signed the following enrolled bill, which was previously signed by the Speaker of the House: 
H.R. 366. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to direct the Under Sec-retary for Management of the Department of Homeland Security to make certain im-provements in managing the Department’s vehicle fleet, and for other purposes. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 467. An act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to ensure that each medical facility of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs complies with requirements relating to scheduling veterans for health care appoint-ments, to improve the uniform application of directives of the Department, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. H.R. 953. An act to amend the Federal In-secticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act and the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to clarify Congressional intent regarding the regulation of the use of pesticides in or near navigable waters, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. H.R. 1293. An act to amend title 5, United States Code, to require that the Office of Personnel Management submit an annual re-port to Congress relating to the use of offi-cial time by Federal employees; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. H.R. 2052. An act to amend the Uniform Code of Military Justice to prohibit the wrongful broadcast or distribution of inti-mate visual images; to the Committee on Armed Services. f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bill was read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 624. An act to restrict the inclusion of social security account numbers on Federal documents sent by mail and for other pur-poses. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. BARRASSO, from the Committee on Environment and Public Works, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 512. A bill to modernize the regulation of nuclear energy (Rept. No. 115–86). S. 692. A bill to provide for integrated plan permits, to establish an Office of the Munic-ipal Ombudsman, to promote green infra-structure, and to require the revision of fi-nancial capability guidance (Rept. No. 115– 87). By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, without amendment and with a preamble: S. Res. 176. A resolution commemorating the 50th anniversary of the reunification of Jerusalem. By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 722. A bill to impose sanctions with re-spect to Iran in relation to Iran’s ballistic missile program, support for acts of inter-national terrorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes. f EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. CORKER for the Committee on Foreign Relations. *Scott P. Brown, of New Hampshire, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to New Zealand, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Am-bassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Inde-pendent State of Samoa. Nominee: Scott Philip Brown. Post: Ambassador New Zealand and the Independent State of Samoa. Nominate: April 25, 2017. (The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: $250, 6/23/14, McFadden for Senate; $250, 8/27/15, Friends of Kelly Ayotte Com-mittee. Contributions as Chairman of the Peoples Seat PAC, Fiscal Responsibility PAC Con-verted to SCOTT PAC (attached hereto as Attachment ‘‘1’’ Incorporated herein as At-tachment ‘‘1’’) 2. Spouse: Gail M. Brown, None. 3. Children and Spouses: Ayla M. Brown, none; Arianna S. Brown-Hendry, none. 4. Parents: Judith A. Brown, none; C. Bruce Brown—Deceased. 5. Grandparents: Bertha C. Rugg—De-ceased; Philip N. Rugg—Deceased. 6. Brothers and Spouses: Bruce W. Brown— estranged, no contact or information avail-able. 7. Sisters and Spouses: Lee Ann Riley, none; Robyn. L. Brown, none. 8. Attachment ‘‘1’’: All PAC’s including Fiscal Responsibilty PAC, S. Brown, Chair— Recipient name, Disburse date, amount: Mike Sullivan for U.S. Senate Committee, 4/11/2013, $875.00. Friends of John Thune, 5/10/2013, $500.00. Gabriel Gomez for Senate, 5/10/2013, $1,000.00. Kirk for Senate, 5/10/2013, $1,000.00. New Hampshire Republican State Com-mittee, 10/24/2013, $5,000.00. New Hampshire Republican State Com-mittee, 10/24/2013, $5,000.00. Scott County Republican Central, 11/11/ 2013, $500.00. The Addivinola Committee, 11/20/2013, $1,000.00. Friends of Frank Guinta, 11/21/2013, $1,000.00. Texans for Senator Cornyn Inc., 11/21/2013, $2,500.00. Daugaard for South Dakota, 11/21/2013, $1,500.00. Tisei Congressional Committee, 12/9/2013, $1,000.00. Hampstead Town Republican Committee, 12/9/2013, $500.00. Pat Roberts for US Senate Inc, 1/8/2014, $2,500.00. Massachusetts Citizens for Jobs, 1/8/2014, $5,000.00. New Hampshire Republican State Com-mittee, 2/24/2014, $5,000.00. Collins for Senator, 3/11/2014, $2,500.00. Friends of Frank Guinta, 3/11/2014, $4,000.00. Friends of John McCain Inc, 3/11/2014, $5,000.00. Friends of John Thune, 3/11/2014, $5,000.00. Friends of Kelly Ayotte, 3/11/2014, $5,000.00. Committee To Elect House Republicans, 3/ 11/2014, $1,000.00. New Hampshire Republican State Com-mittee, 3/11/2014, $5,000.00. Senate Republican Majority PAC, 3/11/2014, $5,000.00. Belknap County Republican Committee, 3/ 13/2014, $1,000.00. Carroll County NH Republican Committee, 3/13/2014, $1,000.00. Cheshire County Republican Party, 3/13/ 2014, $1,000.00. Committee To Elect House Republicans, 3/ 13/2014, $4,000.00. Concord Republican City Committee, 3/13/ 2014, $1,000.00. Coos County Republican Committee, 3/13/ 2014, $1,000.00. Derry Republican Committee, 3/13/2014, $1,000.00. Grafton County Republican Committee of New Hampshire, 3/13/2014, $1,000.00. Hillsborough County Republican Com-mittee, 3/13/2014, $1,000.00. Manchester Republican Committee, 3/13/ 2014, $1,000.00. Merrimack Republican Committee, 3/13/ 2014, $1,000.00. Nashua Republican City Committee, 3/13/ 2014, $1,000.00. Rockingham County Republican Com-mittee, 3/13/2014, $1,000.00. Strafford County Republican Committee, 3/ 13/2014, $1,000.00. Sullivan County Republican Committee, 3/ 13/2014, $1,000.00. New Hampshire for Scott Brown, 3/26/2014, $5,000.00. New Hampshire for Scott Brown, 3/26/2014, $5,000.00. Merrimack County Republican Committee, 3/26/2014, $1,000.00. Debicella for Congress, 4/22/2014, $1,000.00. Friends of Kelly Ayotte, 4/23/2014, $2,500.00. Rockingham County Republican Com-mittee, 5/5/2014, $1,000.00. Grafton County GOP, 5/19/2014, $400.00. New Hampshire Sheriff’s Association, 6/9/ 2014, $500.00. Bedford Republican Committee, 8/12/2014, 
$210.00. Hillsborough County Republican Com-mittee, 9/5/2014, $200.00. Friends of Kelly Ayotte Inc., 4/27/2015, $2,500.00. Georgians for Isakson, 6/23/2015, $2,500.00. Friends of John McCain, 6/25/2015, $2,000.00. Fiscal Responsibility PAC, 6/30/2015, $4,837.00. Kasich for America, 8/27/2015, $1,000.00. NH Republican Party Federal, 8/31/2015, $5,000.00. Ron Johnson for Senate, 8/31/2015, $2,500.00. Jasper for NH Committee, 9/23/2015, $1,000.00. Carly for President, 9/25/2015, $1,000.00. Friends of Pat Toomey, 9/25/2015, $5,000.00. Huckabee for President, Inc., 9/25/2015, $1,000.00. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:56 Aug 22, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\MAY\S25MY7.REC S25MY7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3211 May 25, 2017 
JEB 2016, Inc., 9/25/2015, $1,000.00. Ted Gatsas for Mayor, 9/25/2015, $1,000.00. Portman for Senate Committee, 9/28/2015, $5,000.00. Chris Christie for President, Inc., 9/29/2015, $1,000.00. Pataki for President, Inc., 9/30/2015, $1,000.00. Friends of Kelly Ayotte, Inc., 10/6/2015, $2,500.00. New Hampshire Republican Club, 10/21/2015, $500.00. August Wolf for Senate, 10/29/2015, $1,000.00. Marco Rubio for President, 11/5/2015, $1,000.00. USA Triathalon Foundation, 11/5/2015, $1,500.00. Kirk for Senate, 11/9/2015, $5,000.00. Lindsey Graham 2016 Committee, 11/10/2015, $1,000.00. Chris Sununu for NH Governor, 11/17/2015, $2,500.00. Friends for Joe Heck, 11/23/2015, $5,000.00. Murkowski Committee, 12/3/2015, $2,500.00. Friends of Kelly Ayotte, Inc., 1/5/2016, $4,900.00. Cruz for President, 1/11/2016, $1,000.00. Friends of Joe Kenney Comm., 3/1/2016, $250.00. McCain for Senate, 3/10/2016, $3,000.00. Burr, Richard M, 4/12/2016, $1,000.00. Chris Sununu for NH Governor, 5/31/2016, $2,500.00. Donald J. Trump for President, Inc., 6/8/ 2016, $2,500.00. America Rising PAC, 6/17/2016, $5,000.00. Mass. Victory Committee, 6/17/2016, $500.00. Friends of John McCain, 8/30/2016, $1,000.00. Friends of JEB Bradley for State Senate, 9/ 1/2016, $500.00. Friends of Dan Innis, 9/22/2016, $1,000.00. Friends of Andy Sanborn, 10/14/2016, $500.00. Gannon for Senate, 10/25/2016, $250.00. Committee To Elect House Republicans, 10/ 27/2016, $2,500.00. Friends of Chris Sununu, 10/31/2016, $1,000.00. Friends of Chris Sununu, 2/2/2017, $7,000.00. Edwards for Congress Committee, 4/6/2017, $2,700.00. Handel for Congress, Inc., 4/21/2017, $2,000.00. America Rising PAC, 4/21/2017, $10,000.00. New Hampshire Republican State Com-mittee Federal, 4/21/2017, $1,000.00. 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, for the Committee on Foreign Relations I re-port favorably the following nomina-tion lists which were printed in the R
ECORD s on the dates indicated, and ask unanimous consent, to save the ex-pense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that these nominations lie at the Secretary’s desk for the informa-tion of Senators. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
*Foreign Service nominations beginning with Fred Aziz and ending with Nathalie Scharf, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 25, 2017. *Foreign Service nominations beginning with David Gossack and ending with Pamela Ward, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 25, 2017. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: By Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Mr. W
YDEN ): S. 1229. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for Move Amer-ica bonds and Move America credits; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. BARRASSO (for himself, Mr. F
LAKE , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. E NZI, Mr. G
ARDNER , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. M
CCAIN, and Mr. R ISCH): S. 1230. A bill to prohibit the conditioning of any permit, lease, or other use agreement on the transfer of any water right to the United States by the Secretaries of the Inte-rior and Agriculture, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. U DALL , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. F RANKEN , Ms. H
ARRIS , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Mr. S ANDERS , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. H
EINRICH , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. C
OONS , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. B OOKER , and Mr. S
CHATZ ): S. 1231. A bill to amend the Help America Vote Act of 2002 to allow all eligible voters to vote by mail in Federal elections, to amend the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 to provide for automatic voter reg-istration; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. By Mr. KING (for himself and Mr. P
AUL): S. 1232. A bill to amend the Federal Meat Inspection Act to exempt from inspection the slaughter of animals and the preparation of carcasses conducted at a custom slaughter facility, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. By Ms. BALDWIN (for herself and Mr. F
RANKEN ): S. 1233. A bill to improve the efficiency and reliability of rail transportation by reform-ing the Surface Transportation Board, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. NELSON: S. 1234. A bill to amend the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2000 to provide for expedited project implementation relat-ing to the comprehensive Everglades restora-tion plan; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. S
ANDERS , Mr. F RANKEN , and Mr. M
ERKLEY ): S. 1235. A bill to reduce the number of nu-clear-armed submarines operated by the Navy, to prohibit the development of a new long-range penetrating bomber aircraft, to prohibit the procurement of new interconti-nental ballistic missiles, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. C
ASEY ): S. 1236. A bill to require the Attorney Gen-eral to designate Human Trafficking Coordi-nators for Federal judicial districts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and Mr. F
RANKEN ): S. 1237. A bill to amend title 11 of the United States Code to clarify the rule allow-ing discharge as a nonpriority claim of gov-ernmental claims arising from the disposi-tion of farm assets under chapter 12 bank-ruptcies; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. CARDIN , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. R
OUNDS , and Mr. M ERKLEY ): S. 1238. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to increase and make per-manent the exclusion for benefits provided to volunteer firefighters and emergency medical responders; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. C
ARDIN , and Mr. S CHUMER ): S. 1239. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to modify the rules applica-ble to length of service award plans; to the Committee on Finance. By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. F
RANKEN , Ms. W ARREN , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. W
YDEN , and Mr. W ARNER ): S. 1240. A bill to amend the Federal Power Act to establish an Office of Public Partici-pation and Consumer Advocacy; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. C ORNYN , and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ): S. 1241. A bill to improve the prohibitions on money laundering, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SANDERS (for himself, Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. D URBIN , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. B ROWN , Ms. C ANTWELL , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. F RANKEN , Ms. H
ARRIS , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. K AINE, Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. N
ELSON , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R EED, Mr. S
CHATZ , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. V AN H
OLLEN , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. C
ARDIN , and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ): S. 1242. A bill to provide for increases in the Federal minimum wage, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mrs. ERNST (for herself and Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ): S. 1243. A bill to require sexual assault pre-vention and response training for all individ-uals enlisted in the Armed Forces under a delayed entry program; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. SCHUMER (for Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. S
ULLIVAN , Mr. S
CHATZ , and Ms. M URKOWSKI )): S. 1244. A bill to extend the authorization of appropriations for additional funds for the essential air service program; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. By Mr. FRANKEN: S. 1245. A bill to award career pathways in-novation grants to local educational agen-cies and consortia of local educational agen-cies, to provide technical assistance within the Office of Career, Technical, and Adult Education to administer the grants and sup-port the local educational agencies with the preparation of grant applications and man-agement of grant funds, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. SCHUMER (for Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. B ROWN , Ms. S
TABENOW , and Mr. D URBIN )): S. 1246. A bill to increase the participation of historically underrepresented demo-graphic groups in science, technology, engi-neering, and mathematics education and in-dustry; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mr. W
ARNER ): S. 1247. A bill to provide for loan repay-ment for teachers in high-need schools; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.025 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3212 May 25, 2017 
By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. B EN-
NET, Mr. C ORNYN , and Mr. W ARNER ): S. 1248. A bill to amend title II of the High-er Education Act of 1965; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON ): S. 1249. A bill to authorize additional dis-trict court judgeships for the northern, mid-dle, and southern districts of Florida; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BARRASSO (for himself, Mr. T
HUNE , and Mr. H OEVEN ): S. 1250. A bill to amend the Indian Health Care Improvement Act to improve the re-cruitment and retention of employees in the Indian Health Service, restore account-ability in the Indian Health Service, improve health services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. By Mr. WARNER: S. 1251. A bill to require the Secretary of Labor to establish a pilot program for pro-viding portable benefits to eligible workers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. PAUL (for himself and Mr. S
CHATZ ): S. 1252. A bill to reclassify certain low- level felonies as misdemeanors, to eliminate the increased penalties for cocaine offenses where the cocaine involved is cocaine base, to reinvest in our communities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. W
AR-
NER, Mr. H ELLER , and Mr. W YDEN ): S. 1253. A bill to improve the coordination and use of geospatial data; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. P
ETERS , and Ms. B ALDWIN ): S. 1254. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to expand the small em-ployer health insurance credit; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. MURPHY (for himself, Ms. H
AS-
SAN, and Mr. S ANDERS ): S. 1255. A bill to amend title II of the So-cial Security Act to credit individuals serv-ing as caregivers of dependent relatives with deemed wages for up to five years of such service, and to support State medical train-ing programs for caregivers; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, Mr. K ING, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. R ISCH, Ms. W AR-
REN, and Mr. K ENNEDY ): S. 1256. A bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to the 23d Headquarters, Special Troops and the 3133rd Signal Service Com-pany in recognition of their unique and dis-tinguished service as a ‘‘Ghost Army’’ that conducted deception operations in Europe during World War II; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. YOUNG (for himself, Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ): S. 1257. A bill to amend title IV of the So-cial Security Act to require States to adopt an electronic system to help expedite the placement of children in foster care or guardianship, or for adoption, across State lines, and to provide funding to aid States in developing such a system, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. BOOKER (for himself and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ): S. 1258. A bill to require States to report to the Attorney General certain information re-garding use of force incidents involving law enforcement officers and civilians, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. THUNE: S. 1259. A bill to improve and extend agri-cultural commodity programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. COCHRAN (for himself and Mr. WICKER ): S. 1260. A bill to authorize the exchange of certain Federal land located in Gulf Islands National Seashore for certain non-Federal land in Jackson County, Mississippi, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. CASSIDY: S. 1261. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to pay the reasonable costs of urgent care provided to certain veterans, to establish cost-sharing amounts for veterans receiving care at an emergency room of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Ms. H IRONO , Ms. W AR-
REN, Mr. R EED, Mr. W YDEN , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. K AINE, and Mr. M
URPHY ): S. 1262. A bill to amend title 11, United States Code, with respect to certain excep-tions to discharge in bankruptcy; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. H ASSAN , Ms. W
ARREN , Mrs. S HAHEEN , and Mr. S
ANDERS ): S. 1263. A bill to amend the Outer Conti-nental Shelf Lands Act to prohibit oil-, gas-, and methane hydrate-related seismic activities in the North Atlantic, Mid-Atlan-tic, South Atlantic, and Straits of Florida planning areas of the outer Continental Shelf, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Ms. COLLINS: S. 1264. A bill to amend the Federal De-posit Insurance Act to allow the Federal De-posit Insurance Corporation to exempt cer-tain depository institutions from certain legal requirements, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. S
ANDERS , and Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ): S. 1265. A bill to amend the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 to provide for the expan-sion of emergency planning zones and the de-velopment of plans for dry cask storage of spent nuclear fuel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. L
ANKFORD ): S. 1266. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into contracts with nonprofit organizations to investigate med-ical centers of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Mr. ENZI (for himself, Mr. B
AR-
RASSO , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. G ARDNER , and Mr. U
DALL ): S. 1267. A bill to amend the Mineral Leas-ing Act to require the Secretary of the Inte-rior to convey to a State all right, title, and interest in and to a percentage of the amount of royalties and other amounts re-quired to be paid to the State under that Act with respect to public land and deposits in the State, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Mr. DAINES (for himself and Mr. P
ETERS ): S. 1268. A bill to amend parts B and E of title IV of the Social Security Act to allow States to provide foster care maintenance payments for children with parents in a li-censed residential family-based treatment facility for substance abuse and to reauthor-ize grants to improve the well-being of fami-lies affected by substance abuse; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Ms. STABENOW (for herself and Mr. PETERS ): S. 1269. A bill to require the Office of Pipe-line Safety to consult with the Environ-mental Protection Agency or the Coast Guard in the event the Federal on-scene co-ordinator has concerns about the ability of a pipeline operator to respond to a worst case discharge; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. SCHUMER (for Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , and Mr. M
ERKLEY )): S. 1270. A bill to direct the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy to carry out programs and activities to ensure that Federal science agencies and institu-tions of higher education receiving Federal research and development funding are fully engaging their entire talent pool, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. BENNET (for himself and Mr. G
ARDNER ): S. 1271. A bill to designate certain moun-tain peaks in the State of Colorado as ‘‘Fowler Peak’’ and ‘‘Boskoff Peak’’; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mr. L
EE, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Mr. C OT-
TON): S. 1272. A bill to preserve State, local, and tribal authorities and private property rights with respect to unmanned aircraft systems, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. By Mr. BLUNT (for himself, Ms. S
TABE -
NOW, Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. P
ETERS , and Mr. Y OUNG ): S. 1273. A bill to amend chapter 329 of title 49, United States Code, relating to average fuel economy standards for automobiles; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , and Mr. P ERDUE ): S. 1274. A bill to direct the President to es-tablish an interagency mechanism to coordi-nate United States development programs and private sector investment activities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on For-eign Relations. By Mr. HOEVEN: S. 1275. A bill to improve the housing con-ditions and promote useful land uses within tribal communities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. T ILLIS , and Mrs. E
RNST ): S. 1276. A bill to require the Attorney Gen-eral to make a determination as to whether cannabidiol should be a controlled substance and listed in a schedule under the Controlled Substances Act and to expand research on the potential medical benefits of cannabidiol and other marihuana components; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself, Mr. H
ELLER , Mrs. C APITO , and Mr. R ISCH): S. 1277. A bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a high tech-nology education pilot program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. CARPER (for himself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. C OONS , Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO , Mr. F RANKEN , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. K AINE, Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.014 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3213 May 25, 2017 
MARKEY , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mrs. M UR-
RAY, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. S
CHUMER , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and Ms. W
ARREN ): S. 1278. A bill to provide for the admission of the State of Washington, D.C. into the Union; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. CRAPO: S. 1279. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to furnish health care from the Department of Veterans Affairs through the use of non-Department health care providers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. SCOTT (for himself and Mr. B
OOKER ): S. 1280. A bill to help keep law enforcement officers and communities safer by making grants to purchase body worn cameras for use by State, local, and tribal law enforce-ment officers; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. By Ms. HASSAN (for herself, Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mrs. M CCASKILL , and Ms. H
ARRIS ): S. 1281. A bill to establish a bug bounty pilot program within the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. DAINES (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ): S. 1282. A bill to redesignate certain clinics of the Department of Veterans Affairs lo-cated in Montana; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. MARKEY: S. 1283. A bill to authorize the award of a military service medal to members of the Armed Forces who were exposed to ionizing radiation as a result of participation in the testing of nuclear weapons or under other circumstances; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. K
ING, and Mr. N
ELSON ): S. 1284. A bill to raise the consolidated as-sets threshold under the small bank holding company policy statement, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. MERKLEY: S. 1285. A bill to allow the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians, the Confederated Tribes of the Grand Ronde Community of Oregon, the Con-federated Tribes of Siletz Indians of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes of Warm Springs, and the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of Indians to lease or transfer certain lands; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. E
NZI, Mr. L EAHY , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D
URBIN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Ms. W AR-
REN, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. M UR-
PHY, Mr. P AUL, and Mr. K ING): S. 1286. A bill to lift the trade embargo on Cuba; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. E
NZI, Mr. U DALL , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Ms. C OLLINS , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. R EED, Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. C OONS , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. B ROWN , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. S
CHATZ , Mr. M ARKEY , Mrs. M CCAS-
KILL, Mr. P AUL, Mr. W YDEN , Mr. K
AINE, Mr. K ING, Mr. F RANKEN , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. S
ANDERS , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. W AR-
NER, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. S
CHUMER , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. N EL-SON, Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. C RAPO , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. D
AINES , Ms. H ASSAN , and Mr. H
ELLER ): S. 1287. A bill to allow United States citi-zens and legal residents to travel between the United States and Cuba; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI ): S. 1288. A bill to amend the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to allow preservation leasing as a form of compensatory mitiga-tion for discharges of dredged or fill material affecting Indian land, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. By Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI ): S. 1289. A bill to amend the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to exempt Indian tribes from compensatory mitigation re-quirements in connection with certain dis-charges of dredged or fill material, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. By Mr. PAUL (for himself, Mr. M
UR-
PHY, and Mr. F RANKEN ): S.J. Res. 42. A joint resolution relating to the disapproval of the proposed export to the Government of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia of certain defense articles; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. K
AINE): S.J. Res. 43. A joint resolution to authorize the use of United States Armed Forces against al-Qaeda, the Taliban, and the Is-lamic State of Iraq and Syria, and associated persons or forces, that are engaged in hos-tilities against the United States, the Armed Forces, or its other personnel; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. C OONS , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. C AR-
PER, and Mr. K AINE): S. Res. 179. A resolution expressing support for the designation of June 2, 2017, as ‘‘Na-tional Gun Violence Awareness Day’’ and June 2017 as ‘‘National Gun Violence Aware-ness Month’’; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. By Mr. MARKEY: S. Res. 180. A resolution condemning the violence against peaceful protesters outside the Turkish Ambassador’s residence on May 16, 2017, and calling for the perpetrators to be brought to justice and measures to be taken to prevent similar incidents in the future; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Ms. H
ARRIS ): S. Res. 181. A resolution designating the week of May 21 through May 27, 2017, as ‘‘Na-tional Public Works Week’’; considered and agreed to. By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. I
SAK-
SON, and Mr. D URBIN ): S. Res. 182. A resolution designating May 2017 as ‘‘Melanoma Awareness Month’’; con-sidered and agreed to. By Mr. SCHUMER (for Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Ms. H
ARRIS , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Ms. C ANT-
WELL , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. K AINE, Ms. CORTEZ MASTO , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. B
ENNET , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. C ARDIN , Mrs. M UR-
RAY, Mr. C OONS , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. C ASEY , and Mr. H
ELLER )): S. Res. 183. A resolution recognizing the significance of May 2017 as Asian/Pacific American Heritage Month and as an impor-tant time to celebrate the significant con-tributions of Asian Americans and Pacific Is-landers to the history of the United States; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 54 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 54, a bill to prohibit the creation of an immigration-related registry pro-gram that classifies people on the basis of religion, race, age, gender, ethnicity, national origin, nationality, or citizen-ship. 
S. 97 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
TRANGE ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 97, a bill to enable civilian re-search and development of advanced nuclear energy technologies by private and public institutions, to expand theo-retical and practical knowledge of nu-clear physics, chemistry, and materials science, and for other purposes. 
S. 231 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 231, a bill to implement equal protec-tion under the 14th Amendment to the Constitution of the United States for the right to life of each born and preborn human person. 
S. 263 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
TRANGE ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 263, a bill to facilitate effi-cient State implementation of ground- level ozone standards, and for other purposes. 
S. 299 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 299, a bill to require the appropriation of funds to use a fee, fine, penalty, or proceeds from a settlement received by a Federal agency, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 301 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
TRANGE ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 301, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to prohibit govern-mental discrimination against pro-viders of health services that are not involved in abortion. 
S. 341 
At the request of Mr. G RAHAM , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 341, a bill to provide for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.016 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3214 May 25, 2017 
congressional oversight of actions to waive, suspend, reduce, provide relief from, or otherwise limit the applica-tion of sanctions with respect to the Russian Federation, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 369 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 369, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in awarding a con-tract for the procurement of goods or services, to give a preference to offerors that employ veterans, and for other purposes. 
S. 407 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 407, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to perma-nently extend the railroad track main-tenance credit. 
S. 413 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 413, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to prohibit pre-scription drug plan sponsors and MA– PD organizations under the Medicare program from retroactively reducing payment on clean claims submitted by pharmacies. 
S. 424 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 424, a bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to include certain Federal positions within the definition of law enforcement officer for retirement pur-poses, and for other purposes. 
S. 445 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 445, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure more timely access to home health services for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medicare program. 
S. 474 
At the request of Mr. G RAHAM , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
TRANGE ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 474, a bill to condition assist-ance to the West Bank and Gaza on steps by the Palestinian Authority to end violence and terrorism against Israeli citizens. 
S. 515 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 515, a bill to require the Sec-retary of Labor to maintain a publicly available list of all employers that re-locate a call center overseas, to make such companies ineligible for Federal grants or guaranteed loans, and to re-quire disclosure of the physical loca-tion of business agents engaging in cus-tomer service communications, and for other purposes. S. 540 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 540, a bill to limit the authority of States to tax certain income of em-ployees for employment duties per-formed in other States. 
S. 568 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 568, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to count a pe-riod of receipt of outpatient observa-tion services in a hospital toward satis-fying the 3-day inpatient hospital re-quirement for coverage of skilled nurs-ing facility services under Medicare. 
S. 623 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 623, a bill to enhance the trans-parency and accelerate the impact of assistance provided under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to promote qual-ity basic education in developing coun-tries, to better enable such countries to achieve universal access to quality basic education and improved learning outcomes, to eliminate duplication and waste, and for other purposes. 
S. 652 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 652, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a program for early detection, diagnosis, and treatment regarding deaf and hard- of-hearing newborns, infants, and young children. 
S. 654 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) and the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 654, a bill to revise sec-tion 48 of title 18, United States Code, and for other purposes. 
S. 692 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 692, a bill to provide for integrated plan permits, to establish an Office of the Municipal Ombudsman, to promote green infrastructure, and to require the revision of financial capability guid-ance. 
S. 720 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 720, a bill to amend the Export Administration Act of 1979 to include in the prohibitions on boycotts against allies of the United States boycotts fostered by international governmental organizations against Israel and to di-rect the Export-Import Bank of the United States to oppose boycotts against Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 722 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the names of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. STRANGE ) and the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. S
COTT) were added as cosponsors of S. 722, a bill to impose sanctions with respect to Iran in rela-tion to Iran’s ballistic missile program, support for acts of international ter-rorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes. 
S. 822 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 822, a bill to amend the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensa-tion, and Liability Act of 1980 to mod-ify provisions relating to grants, and for other purposes. 
S. 872 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 872, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to make permanent the extension of the Medicare-dependent hospital (MDH) program and the increased payments under the Medicare low-volume hos-pital program. 
S. 910 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 910, a bill to prohibit discrimi-nation against individuals with disabil-ities who need long-term services and supports, and for other purposes. 
S. 981 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 981, a bill to require the Secretary of Energy to establish an energy effi-ciency materials pilot program. 
S. 1002 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1002, a bill to enhance the ability of community financial institu-tions to foster economic growth and serve their communities, boost small businesses, increase individual savings, and for other purposes. 
S. 1035 
At the request of Mr. H EINRICH , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1035, a bill to amend the Employee Re-tirement Income Security Act of 1974 with respect to the scope of employee pension benefit plans. 
S. 1057 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1057, a bill to amend the Harmful Algal Bloom and Hypoxia Re-search and Control Act of 1998 to ad-dress harmful algal blooms, and for other purposes. 
S. 1092 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) and the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1092, a bill to protect the right of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.018 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3215 May 25, 2017 
law-abiding citizens to transport knives interstate, notwithstanding a patchwork of local and State prohibi-tions. 
S. 1094 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the names of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI), the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) and the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1094, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the accountability of employ-ees of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 1122 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1122, a bill to amend the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 to clarify when the time period for the issuance of citations under such Act begins and to require a rule to clarify that an employer’s duty to make and maintain accurate records of work-related injuries and illnesses is an ongoing obligation. 
S. 1151 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1151, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide a nonrefundable credit for working fam-ily caregivers. 
S. 1169 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1169, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide States with an option to provide medical assistance to individuals between the ages of 22 and 64 for inpatient services to treat sub-stance use disorders at certain facili-ties, and for other purposes. 
S. 1191 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1191, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to refine how Medicare pays for orthotics and pros-thetics and to improve beneficiary ex-perience and outcomes with orthotic and prosthetic care, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1196 
At the request of Mr. S ULLIVAN , the names of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ), the Senator from Okla-homa (Mr. I
NHOFE ), the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ), the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ), the Sen-ator from Alabama (Mr. S
TRANGE ) and the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1196, a bill to expand the capacity and capability of the ballistic missile de-fense system of the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 1227 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. BALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1227, a bill to amend titles XIX and XXI of the Social Security Act to provide for 12-month continuous enroll-ment under Medicaid and the Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 106 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. Res. 106, a resolution express-ing the sense of the Senate to support the territorial integrity of Georgia. 
S. RES. 139 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 139, a resolution con-demning the Government of Iran’s state-sponsored persecution of its Baha’i minority and its continued vio-lation of the International Covenants on Human Rights. 
S. RES. 168 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. Res. 168, a resolution sup-porting respect for human rights and encouraging inclusive governance in Ethiopia. 
S. RES. 174 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. Res. 174, a resolution recog-nizing the 100th anniversary of Lions Clubs International and celebrating the Lions Clubs International for a long history of humanitarian service. 
S. RES. 176 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the names of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ), the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ), the Sen-ator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ), the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ) and the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 176, a resolution commemo-rating the 50th anniversary of the re-unification of Jerusalem. At the request of Mr. M
CCONNELL , the names of the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. R
OUNDS ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) and the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 176, supra. At the request of Ms. M
URKOWSKI , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 176, supra. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and Mr. F
RANKEN ): S. 1237. A bill to amend title 11 of the United States Code to clarify the rule allowing discharge as a nonpriority claim of governmental claims arising from the disposition of farm assets under chapter 12 bankruptcies; to the Committee on the Judiciary. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the RECORD , as follows: 
S. 1237 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Family Farmer Bankruptcy Clarification Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. CLARIFICATION OF RULE ALLOWING DIS-CHARGE TO GOVERNMENTAL CLAIMS ARISING FROM THE DIS-POSITION OF FARM ASSETS UNDER CHAPTER 12 BANKRUPTCIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 12 of title 11, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 1232. Claim by a governmental unit based on the disposition of property used in a farming operation ‘‘(a) Any unsecured claim of a govern-mental unit against the debtor or the estate that arises before the filing of the petition, or that arises after the filing of the petition and before the debtor’s discharge under sec-tion 1228, as a result of the sale, transfer, ex-change, or other disposition of any property used in the debtor’s farming operation— ‘‘(1) shall be treated as an unsecured claim arising before the date on which the petition is filed; ‘‘(2) shall not be entitled to priority under section 507; ‘‘(3) shall be provided for under a plan; and ‘‘(4) shall be discharged in accordance with section 1228. ‘‘(b) For purposes of applying sections 1225(a)(4), 1228(b)(2), and 1229(b)(1) to a claim described in subsection (a) of this section, the amount that would be paid on such claim if the estate of the debtor were liquidated in a case under chapter 7 of this title shall be the amount that would be paid by the estate in a chapter 7 case if the claim were an unse-cured claim arising before the date on which the petition was filed and were not entitled to priority under section 507. ‘‘(c) For purposes of applying sections 523(a), 1228(a)(2), and 1228(c)(2) to a claim de-scribed in subsection (a) of this section, the claim shall not be treated as a claim of a kind specified in section 523(a)(1). ‘‘(d)(1) A governmental unit may file a proof of claim for a claim described in sub-section (a) that arises after the date on which the petition is filed. ‘‘(2) If a debtor files a tax return after the filing of the petition for a period in which a claim described in subsection (a) arises, and the claim relates to the tax return, the debt-or shall serve notice of the claim on the gov-ernmental unit charged with the responsi-bility for the collection of the tax at the ad-dress and in the manner designated in sec-tion 505(b)(1). Notice under this paragraph shall state that the debtor has filed a peti-tion under this chapter, state the name and location of the court in which the case under this chapter is pending, state the amount of the claim, and include a copy of the filed tax return and documentation supporting the calculation of the claim. ‘‘(3) If notice of a claim has been served on the governmental unit in accordance with paragraph (2), the governmental unit may file a proof of claim not later than 180 days after the date on which such notice was served. If the governmental unit has not filed a timely proof of the claim, the debtor or trustee may file proof of the claim that is consistent with the notice served under para-graph (2). If a proof of claim is filed by the debtor or trustee under this paragraph, the governmental unit may not amend the proof of claim. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.020 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3216 May 25, 2017 
‘‘(4) A claim filed under this subsection shall be determined and shall be allowed under subsection (a), (b), or (c) of section 502, or disallowed under subsection (d) or (e) of section 502, in the same manner as if the claim had arisen immediately before the date of the filing of the petition.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 12 of title 11, United States Code, is amend-ed— (A) in section 1222(a)— (i) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘unless—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘the holder’’ and inserting ‘‘unless the holder’’; (ii) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (iii) in paragraph (4), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) subject to section 1232, provide for the treatment of any claim by a governmental unit of a kind described in section 1232(a).’’; (B) in section 1228— (i) in subsection (a)— (I) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (aa) by inserting a comma after ‘‘all debts provided for by the plan’’; and (bb) by inserting a comma after ‘‘allowed under section 503 of this title’’; and (II) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the kind’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘a kind specified in section 523(a) of this title, except as provided in section 1232(c).’’; and (ii) in subsection (c)(2), by inserting ‘‘, ex-cept as provided in section 1232(c)’’ before the period at the end; and (C) in section 1229(a)— (i) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (ii) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) provide for the payment of a claim de-scribed in section 1232(a) that arose after the date on which the petition was filed.’’. (2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-tions for subchapter II of chapter 12 of title 11, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘1232. Claim by a governmental unit based on the disposition of property used in a farming operation.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to any bankruptcy case that— (1) is pending on the date of enactment of this Act and relating to which an order of discharge under section 1228 of title 11, United States Code, has not been entered; or (2) commences on or after the date of en-actment of this Act. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I rise today to introduce, along with Senator F
RANKEN , the Family Farmer Bank-ruptcy Clarification Act of 2017. I thank Senator F
RANKEN for supporting and working with me, since the 112th Congress, on this important bill to help our Nation’s family farmers. This bipartisan bill addresses the 2012 United States Supreme Court case Hall v. United States. In a 5–4 decision, the Supreme Court ruled a provision that I authored in the 2005 Bankruptcy Abuse Prevention and Consumer Protection Act did not accomplish what we in Congress intended. The Family Farmer Bankruptcy Clarification Act of 2017 corrects this unfortunate result and re-stores Congress’s original intent. The bill clarifies that bankrupt family farmers reorganizing their debts, under chapter 12 of the bankruptcy code, may treat capital gains taxes owed to the government, arising from the sale of farm assets during the bankruptcy, as general unsecured claims. This bill will give family farmers a chance to reorga-nize successfully and remove the Inter-nal Revenue Service’s veto power over a plan’s confirmation. Congress created chapter 12 in 1986 as a temporary measure to provide a spe-cialized bankruptcy process for family farmers. In 2005, Congress made chap-ter 12 a permanent part of the bank-ruptcy code. Between 1986 and 2005, we learned what worked and did not work for family farmers reorganizing under chapter 12. In particular, family farm-ers faced serious problems when they needed to sell land to fund their reor-ganization plan. For example, a family farmer might sell portions of the farm in order to generate cash and pay creditors. Unfortunately, in most of these cases, the family farmer is sell-ing land with a low cost basis, because it has likely been held in the family for a very long time. As a result, the fam-ily farmer gets hit with a substantial capital gains tax, which is owed to the Internal Revenue Service. Under the bankruptcy code’s prior-ities structure for claims, taxes owed to the IRS must be paid in full, unless the IRS agrees otherwise. This creates problems for the family farmer who needs cash to pay creditors and reorga-nize. Since the IRS has the ability to require full payment, it essentially holds veto power over the confirmation of a family farmer’s chapter 12 plan. In many instances, the effect is that a family farmer will not be able to have a plan confirmed. This is a harsh result and does not make sense if the goal is to give family farmers a fresh start. Recognizing this problem, Congress amended the bankruptcy code in 2005 to provide that in these limited and particular situations, the taxes owed to the IRS would be stripped of their pri-ority and treated as general unsecured debt. This removed the government’s veto power over plan confirmation and paved the way for family farmers to re-organize under chapter 12. Unfortunately, in Hall v. United States, the Supreme Court ruled that despite Congress’s express goal of help-ing family farmers, the language we used failed to accomplish the intended result. To be clear, the Hall case was about statutory interpretation. There is no question about what Congress was trying to do; rather, the question is, ‘‘Did Congress use the correct lan-guage?’’ My goal, along with others at the time, was to relieve family farmers from having their reorganization plans fail because of certain tax liabilities owed to the government. Justice Breyer noted this point in his dissent: ‘‘Congress was concerned about the ef-fect on the farmer of collecting capital gains tax debts that arose during (and were connected with) the Chapter 12 proceedings themselves. . . . The major-ity does not deny the importance of Congress’ objective. Rather, it feels compelled to hold that Congress put the Amendment in the wrong place.’’ Hall v. United States, 132 S.Ct. 1882, 1897 (2012) (Breyer, J., dissenting) (in-ternal citations and quotations omit-ted). As a result of the Hall case, family farmers facing bankruptcy now find themselves caught between a rock and a hard place. The rules have changed and must be corrected in order to pro-vide certainty and clarity in the law. The Family Farmer Bankruptcy Clari-fication Act of 2017 does this and pro-vides the help needed for family farm-ers. This bill adds a new section 1232 to the bankruptcy code. This new section, along with other conforming changes, gives guidance and certainty to debt-ors, practitioners, and courts as to how these claims are to be treated during bankruptcy. I’m pleased that the bill we’re introducing today will help fam-ily farmers who are facing hard times. In the wake of the Hall decision, this bill ensures that what Congress sought to do in 2005 actually occurs. The Fam-ily Farmer Bankruptcy Clarification Act of 2017 provides the help that may one day be needed for the hard working family farmers across our great Na-tion. By Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. R
OUNDS , and Mr. M ERKLEY ): S. 1238. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to increase and make permanent the exclusion for ben-efits provided to volunteer firefighters and emergency medical responders; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. C
ARDIN , and Mr. S CHUMER ): S. 1239. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the rules applicable to length of service award plans; to the Committee on Fi-nance. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I rise to introduce two bills that will benefit the brave women and men who volun-teer at our local firehouses: the Volun-teer Responder Incentive Protection Act and the Volunteer Firefighters’ Length of Service Award Program Cap Adjustment Priority Act. I am pleased to be joined by my friend and colleague from Maryland, Senator C
ARDIN , in re-introducing this bipartisan legislation. Across our nation, volunteer fire-fighters play a critical role in helping to ensure the safety of our commu-nities and the well-being of our neigh-bors. The State of Maine, for example, has approximately 11,000 firefighters in more than 400 departments. Because Maine is a largely rural state, more than 90 percent of those firefighters are volunteers. Without these public-spirited citi-zens, many communities would be un-able to provide emergency services pro-tection at all, while others would be forced to raise local taxes to pay sala-ries and benefits for full- or part-time 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.022 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3217 May 25, 2017 
staff. Often, communities seek to re-cruit and retain volunteers by offering modest benefits. The bills we are intro-ducing today would support these ef-forts by helping to ensure that nominal benefits to volunteers are not treated as regular employee compensation. The Volunteer Responder Incentive Protection Act would allow commu-nities to provide volunteer firefighters and EMS workers with up to $600 per year of property tax reductions or other incentives, without those bene-fits being subject to federal income tax and withholding. This would ease the administrative burden that local de-partments sometimes face when they reward their volunteers. We also want to help first responders save for retire-ment. For years, local and state gov-ernments have provided their volunteer firefighters and EMS personnel with different forms of benefits, including Length of Service Award Programs, commonly known as LOSAPs. These are pension-like benefits for volunteer emergency responders. Our second bill, the LOSAP Cap Act, would help communities recruit and re-tain volunteer firefighters by increas-ing the annual cap on contributions to their retirement accounts to $6,000, and allowing for adjustments for inflation. As we begin the complicated process of reforming our nation’s tax code, I believe we should take care to protect those who serve this country with such bravery. That is why Senator C
ARDIN  and I have introduced these bills today, and I urge my colleagues to join us in supporting them. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Ms. H IRONO , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. R EED, Mr. W YDEN , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. K
AINE, and Mr. M URPHY ): S. 1262. A bill to amend title 11, United States Code, with respect to certain exceptions to discharge in bankruptcy; to the Committee on the Judiciary. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1262 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fairness for Struggling Students Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. EXCEPTIONS TO DISCHARGE. 
Section 523(a)(8) of title 11, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘dependents, for’’ and all that follows through the end of subparagraph (B) and inserting ‘‘dependents, for an educational benefit overpayment or loan made, insured, or guaranteed by a gov-ernmental unit or made under any program funded in whole or in part by a governmental unit or an obligation to repay funds received from a governmental unit as an educational benefit, scholarship, or stipend;’’. 
Mr. DURBIN. Today I am reintro-ducing the Fairness for Struggling Stu-dents Act. This bill takes an important step toward addressing the student debt crisis in America. It would once again treat private student loans like nearly all other forms of private unse-cured debt and permit these loans to be discharged in bankruptcy. Student loan debt has reached an as-tronomical $1.4 trillion—more than double what it was in 2008. Student loan debt is now the second largest form of consumer debt in America, after only mortgage debt. The balance of student loan debt is larger than credit card and auto loan debt. Cur-rently, around 44 million borrowers hold student loan debt, with an average balance of roughly $30,000. This past weekend, the New York Times published an editorial that clearly and concisely describes the stu-dent debt crisis that we face. The edi-torial is titled ‘‘Student Debt’s Grip on the Economy,’’ and I ask consent to place it into the RECORD . As the edi-torial points out, ‘‘student debt has be-come a drag on graduates’ hopes and a threat to economic growth.’’ This editorial reports that as college costs have continued to increase, wages have not kept pace. Students continue to take out larger amounts in loans to afford the rising costs of college. This crushing student loan debt has forced young people to delay making impor-tant life decisions like getting married and economic investments such as home ownership. We are also seeing an increase in the wealth gap between col-lege graduates with student debt and those without student debt. The bur-dens of student debt are threatening the notion that being college-educated is enough to get ahead. As the editorial notes, ‘‘the fallout from these burdens, afflicting those who are supposedly best prepared to face and shape the fu-ture, is not only a personal financial issue but also a social and economic one.’’ These burdens are even more signifi-cant for students who have taken out private student loans. Federal student loans have fixed, affordable interest rates, and a variety of consumer pro-tections including forbearance in times of economic hardship and manageable repayment options. Private loans, on the other hand, frequently have high, variable interest rates, and they lack the repayment options and protections that federal loans offer. In 2013, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau reported that the outstanding private student loan debt in America was $165 billion, at least $8 billion of which was then in default. As it turns out, many students were steered into costly pri-vate student loans by for-profit col-leges, often when the students still had eligibility for lower-cost federal loans. One of those students is a woman named Marta, from Chicago, who wrote to me about her story and asked me to only use her first name. Marta came to the United States from Poland in 1994 with her family, hoping for a better life. She is a U.S. citizen now, and has a family of her own. As an aspiring de-signer, Marta wanted to enroll in a col-lege that would help launch her career. So after meeting a recruiter at a col-lege fair from the now-closing, for-prof-it Harrington College of Art and De-sign, she enrolled in the fall of 2004. At the urging of the recruiter, she signed the enrollment paperwork and began courses. Being the first in her family to attend college, she did not know the difference between private and federal student loans. The recruiter assured her that the paperwork was just part of the normal college enrollment process. It was only after she graduated that Marta learned that in signing the pa-perwork the recruiter gave her, she had taken out a combination of federal stu-dent loans and much riskier and more expensive private student loans. She now has over $120,000 in student debt, the majority of which is in private stu-dent loans. The monthly payments are overwhelming and Marta worries about what this crushing debt means for her family’s future. Thanks to high-inter-est rates, her private loans continue to grow despite doing her best to make her payments. Marta enrolled in college to get a good career and widen her future op-portunities. But she has been left with enormous debt from a failed for-profit college. And now she is struggling and needs a fair chance to get back on her feet. There are stories like Marta’s in every corner of America. And it’s time to do something about it. Today I am reintroducing the Fair-ness for Struggling Students Act. This bill would restore the bankruptcy code’s pre-2005 treatment of private student loans. Since 2005, private student loans have enjoyed a privileged status under the bankruptcy code: they cannot be dis-charged in bankruptcy except in ex-tremely limited circumstances. Only a few other types of private unsecured debt cannot be discharged in bank-ruptcy—criminal fines, child support, back taxes and alimony. In contrast, nearly all types of private unsecured debt, including credit card and medical debt, are dischargeable in bankruptcy. Congress had no good reason to make private student loans non-discharge-able in 2005. It was a provision that was quietly slipped into a broader bank-ruptcy reform bill with little debate and no justification. There was no evi-dence that private student loan bor-rowers had abused the bankruptcy sys-tem to avoid repayment before 2005. But, since the law changed in 2005, lenders have been incentivized to ex-tend expensive private student loans to students that the students cannot repay and that they can never escape. This is overwhelming for students and an impairment on our overall economy. The Fairness for Struggling Students Act will make important relief avail-able to students being crushed by pri-vate student loan debt, and will dis-courage private lenders from extending risky loans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.027 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3218 May 25, 2017 
This bill is supported by a large coa-lition of educational, student, civil rights and consumer organizations in-cluding the American Association of Community Colleges, American Asso-ciation of State Colleges and Univer-sities, American Association of Univer-sity Women, American Council on Edu-cation, American Federation of Teach-ers, Association of Public and Land- grant Universities, Center for Respon-sible Lending, Consumer Action, Con-sumer Federation of America, Con-sumers Union, Demos, Empire Justice Center, NAACP, National Association of Consumer Bankruptcy Attorneys, National Consumer Law Center (on be-half of its low income clients), Na-tional Association of College Admis-sion Counseling, National Association of Consumer Advocates, National Asso-ciation of Student Financial Aid Ad-ministrators, National Consumers League, Public Citizen, The Institute for College Access and Success, UNCF, and Young Invincibles. I want to thank the cosponsors of this bill, Senators W
HITEHOUSE , F
RANKEN , BLUMENTHAL , HIRONO , WAR-
REN, REED, WYDEN , BALDWIN , HASSAN , K
AINE, and M URPHY for their support, and I hope more of my colleagues will join us. This is just one step of what we need to do to get control of the student debt crisis in our country. But it is a crit-ical step, and it is long overdue. Let’s give struggling students a fair chance, 
By Ms. COLLINS: S. 1264. A bill to amend the Federal Deposit Insurance Act to allow the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation to exempt certain depository institu-tions from certain legal requirements, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I wish to introduce the Community Bank Sen-sible Regulation Act of 2017, a bill that would allow financial regulators to ex-empt community banks from unneces-sary and unduly burdensome require-ments, if doing so is in the public inter-est. My bill would provide this author-ity to the FDIC, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and the Federal Reserve and would apply to fi-nancial institutions with less than $10 billion in assets. The aim of my legislation is to allow the financial regulators to exempt community banks from highly complex regulations designed to protect our fi-nancial system from systemic risks that would arise from the failure of larger banks. All banks, large and small, should be well-capitalized and properly regulated, but that does not mean that our financial regulators must impose a ‘‘one size fits all’’ regu-latory regime across the board without regard to the risks posed to the finan-cial system by banks with fundamen-tally different business models and of vastly different sizes. Some regulations that are appro-priate or essential for larger banks may make no sense when applied to community banks. For example, cur-rent law requires community banks to demonstrate that they are in compli-ance with the Volcker Rule—which re-stricts proprietary trading and hedge fund investments by banks—even though community banks rarely en-gage in such trading. Even so, commu-nity banks must shoulder the burden of complying with this complex regula-tion. My bill would allow the regu-lators to exempt community banks from the Volcker Rule. As the GAO has noted, smaller banks are ‘‘disproportionately affected by in-creased regulation, because they are less able to absorb additional costs.’’ These costs are significant. According to industry representatives, the cost of complying with regulations absorbs 12 percent of total bank operating ex-penses, and is two-and-a-half times greater for small banks than for large banks. The cost of regulation puts commu-nity banks at a competitive disadvan-tage vis-a-vis larger banks. Over the past two decades, the share of the U.S. banking industry represented by com-munity banks has declined from 40 per-cent to just 18 percent. Over the same period, the share of the market rep-resented by the five largest banks has grown from roughly 18 percent to 46 percent. I am concerned that unneces-sary regulation will accelerate these trends, and ironically, contribute to the further consolidation of the bank-ing industry into a handful of ‘‘too big to fail’’ banks. Community banks play an essential role in meeting the credit needs of their customers, particularly small businesses, homeowners, and farmers. Although community banks represent just 18 percent of total banking assets, they are responsible for half of our na-tion’s small business loans. With small business formation at generational lows, it is essential that we preserve and protect their access to credit, as they are the major driver of job cre-ation in our country. In addition, com-munity banks provide three-fourths of our nation’s agricultural loans, a line of finance that requires highly special-ized knowledge of farming and a long- term perspective suited to agricultural cycles. Regulators should be able to tailor their regulations to take the distinc-tive nature of community banks into account. My bill would allow regu-lators to exempt community banks from unnecessary and burdensome reg-ulations where it is in the public inter-est to do so. I urge my colleagues to support it. 
By Mr. DAINES (for himself and Mr. P
ETERS ): S. 1268. A bill to amend parts B and E of title IV of the Social Security Act to allow States to provide foster care maintenance payments for children with parents in a licensed residential family-based treatment facility for substance abuse and to reauthorize grants to improve the well-being of families affected by substance abuse; to the Committee on Finance. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1268 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Child Pro-tection and Family Support Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. FOSTER CARE MAINTENANCE PAYMENTS FOR CHILDREN WITH PARENTS IN A LICENSED RESIDENTIAL FAMILY- BASED TREATMENT FACILITY FOR SUBSTANCE ABUSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 472 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 672) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2)(C), by striking ‘‘or’’ and inserting ‘‘, with a parent residing in a licensed residential family-based treatment facility, but only to the extent permitted under subsection (j), or in a’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) C
HILDREN PLACED WITH A PARENT RE-
SIDING IN A LICENSED RESIDENTIAL FAMILY - B
ASED TREATMENT FACILITY FOR SUBSTANCE  A
BUSE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding the pre-ceding provisions of this section, a child who is eligible for foster care maintenance pay-ments under this section, or who would be el-igible for the payments if the eligibility were determined without regard to paragraphs (1)(B) and (3) of subsection (a), shall be eligi-ble for the payments for a period of not more than 12 months during which the child is placed with a parent who is in a licensed res-idential family-based treatment facility for substance abuse, but only if— ‘‘(A) the recommendation for the place-ment is specified in the child’s case plan be-fore the placement; ‘‘(B) the treatment facility provides, as part of the treatment for substance abuse, parenting skills training, parent education, and individual and family counseling; and ‘‘(C) the substance abuse treatment, par-enting skills training, parent education, and individual and family counseling is provided under an organizational structure and treat-ment framework that involves under-standing, recognizing, and responding to the effects of all types of trauma and in accord-ance with recognized principles of a trauma- informed approach and trauma-specific interventions to address the consequences of trauma and facilitate healing. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION .—With respect to chil-dren for whom foster care maintenance pay-ments are made under paragraph (1), only the children who satisfy the requirements of paragraphs (1)(B) and (3) of subsection (a) shall be considered to be children with re-spect to whom foster care maintenance pay-ments are made under this section for pur-poses of subsection (h) or section 473(b)(3)(B).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 474(a)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 674(a)(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘subject to section 472(j),’’ before ‘‘an amount equal to the Federal’’. 
SEC. 3. ENHANCEMENTS TO GRANTS TO IMPROVE WELL-BEING OF FAMILIES AF-FECTED BY SUBSTANCE ABUSE. 
Section 437(f) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 629g(f)) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.029 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3219 May 25, 2017 
(1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘I
NCREASE THE WELL-BEING OF , AND TO IM-
PROVE THE PERMANENCY OUTCOMES FOR , CHIL-
DREN AFFECTED BY ’’ and inserting ‘‘I MPLE -
MENT IV–E P REVENTION SERVICES , AND IM-
PROVE THE WELL-BEING OF , ANDIMPROVE PER-
MANENCY OUTCOMES FOR , CHILDREN AND FAMI-
LIES AFFECTED BY METHAMPHETAMINE , HER-
OIN, OPIOIDS , ANDOTHER ’’; (2) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) R
EGIONAL PARTNERSHIP DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘regional partner-ship’ means a collaborative agreement (which may be established on an interstate, State, or intrastate basis) entered into by the following: ‘‘(A) M
ANDATORY PARTNERS FOR ALL PART -
NERSHIP GRANTS .— ‘‘(i) The State child welfare agency that is responsible for the administration of the State plan under this part and part E. ‘‘(ii) The State agency responsible for ad-ministering the substance abuse prevention and treatment block grant provided under subpart II of part B of title XIX of the Public Health Service Act. ‘‘(B) M
ANDATORY PARTNERS FOR PARTNER -
SHIP GRANTS PROPOSING TO SERVE CHILDREN IN  
OUT-OF-HOME PLACEMENTS .—If the partner-ship proposes to serve children in out-of- home placements, the Juvenile Court or Ad-ministrative Office of the Court that is most appropriate to oversee the administration of court programs in the region to address the population of families who come to the at-tention of the court due to child abuse or ne-glect. ‘‘(C) O
PTIONAL PARTNERS .—At the option of the partnership, any of the following: ‘‘(i) An Indian tribe or tribal consortium. ‘‘(ii) Nonprofit child welfare service pro-viders. ‘‘(iii) For-profit child welfare service pro-viders. ‘‘(iv) Community health service providers, including substance abuse treatment pro-viders. ‘‘(v) Community mental health providers. ‘‘(vi) Local law enforcement agencies. ‘‘(vii) School personnel. ‘‘(viii) Tribal child welfare agencies (or a consortia of the agencies). ‘‘(ix) Any other providers, agencies, per-sonnel, officials, or entities that are related to the provision of child and family services under a State plan approved under this sub-part. ‘‘(D) E
XCEPTION FOR REGIONAL PARTNER -
SHIPS WHERE THE LEAD APPLICANT IS AN IN -
DIAN TRIBE OR TRIBAL CONSORTIA .—If an In- dian tribe or tribal consortium enters into a regional partnership for purposes of this sub-section, the Indian tribe or tribal consor-tium— ‘‘(i) may (but is not required to) include the State child welfare agency as a partner in the collaborative agreement; ‘‘(ii) may not enter into a collaborative agreement only with tribal child welfare agencies (or a consortium of the agencies); and ‘‘(iii) if the condition described in para-graph (2)(B) applies, may include tribal court organizations in lieu of other judicial part-ners.’’; (3) in paragraph (3)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘2012 through 2016’’ and in-serting ‘‘2018 through 2022’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘$500,000 and not more than $1,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$250,000 and not more than $1,000,000’’; (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in the subparagraph heading, by insert-ing ‘‘; 
PLANNING ’’ after ‘‘ APPROVAL ’’; (ii) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘clause (ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘clauses (ii) and (iii)’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) SUFFICIENT PLANNING .—A grant awarded under this subsection shall be dis-bursed in 2 phases: a planning phase (not to exceed 2 years); and an implementation phase. The total disbursement to a grantee for the planning phase may not exceed $250,000, and may not exceed the total antici-pated funding for the implementation phase.’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) L
IMITATION ON PAYMENT FOR A FISCAL  
YEAR .—No payment shall be made under sub-paragraph (A) or (C) for a fiscal year until the Secretary determines that the eligible partnership has made sufficient progress in meeting the goals of the grant and that the members of the eligible partnership are co-ordinating to a reasonable degree with the other members of the eligible partnership.’’; (4) in paragraph (4)— (A) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘, parents, and families’’ after ‘‘children’’; (ii) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘safety and permanence for such children; and’’ and in-serting ‘‘safe, permanent caregiving rela-tionships for the children;’’; (iii) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘or’’ and in-serting ‘‘increase reunification rates for chil-dren who have been placed in out of home care, or decrease’’; and (iv) by redesignating clause (iii) as clause (v) and inserting after clause (ii) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(iii) improve the substance abuse treat-ment outcomes for parents including reten-tion in treatment and successful completion of treatment; ‘‘(iv) facilitate the implementation, deliv-ery, and effectiveness of prevention services and programs under section 471(e); and’’; (B) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘where appropriate,’’; and (C) by striking subparagraphs (E) and (F) and inserting the following: ‘‘(E) A description of a plan for sustaining the services provided by or activities funded under the grant after the conclusion of the grant period, including through the use of prevention services and programs under sec-tion 471(e) and other funds provided to the State for child welfare and substance abuse prevention and treatment services. ‘‘(F) Additional information needed by the Secretary to determine that the proposed ac-tivities and implementation will be con-sistent with research or evaluations showing which practices and approaches are most ef-fective.’’; (5) in paragraph (5)(A), by striking ‘‘abuse treatment’’ and inserting ‘‘use disorder treatment including medication assisted treatment and in-home substance abuse dis-order treatment and recovery’’; (6) in paragraph (7)— (A) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of sub-paragraph (C); and (B) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as subparagraph (E) and inserting after sub-paragraph (C) the following: ‘‘(D) demonstrate a track record of suc-cessful collaboration among child welfare, substance abuse disorder treatment and mental health agencies; and’’; (7) in paragraph (8)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘establish indicators that will be’’ and inserting ‘‘review indicators that are’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘in using funds made avail-able under such grants to achieve the pur-pose of this subsection’’ and inserting ‘‘and establish a set of core indicators related to child safety, parental recovery, parenting ca-pacity, and family well-being. In developing the core indicators, to the extent possible, indicators shall be made consistent with the outcome measures described in section 471(e)(6)’’; (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by in-serting ‘‘base the performance measures on lessons learned from prior rounds of regional partnership grants under this subsection, and’’ before ‘‘consult’’; and (ii) by striking clauses (iii) and (iv) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(iii) Other stakeholders or constituencies as determined by the Secretary.’’; (8) in paragraph (9)(A), by striking clause (i) and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) S
EMIANNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than September 30 of each fiscal year in which a recipient of a grant under this subsection is paid funds under the grant, and every 6 months thereafter, the grant recipient shall submit to the Secretary a report on the serv-ices provided and activities carried out dur-ing the reporting period, progress made in achieving the goals of the program, the num-ber of children, adults, and families receiv-ing services, and such additional information as the Secretary determines is necessary. The report due not later than September 30 of the last such fiscal year shall include, at a minimum, data on each of the performance indicators included in the evaluation of the regional partnership.’’; and (9) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘2012 through 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2018 through 2022’’. 
SEC. 4. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
The amendments made by this Act shall take effect on October 1, 2017. 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mr. L
EE, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Mr. C
OTTON ): S. 1272. A bill to preserve State, local, and tribal authorities and pri-vate property rights with respect to unmanned aircraft systems, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I rise today to introduce the Drone Fed-eralism Act of 2017. This good govern-ment bill provides a clear legal frame-work to the modern day challenges of drone regulation and empowers every level of government to issue reasonable restrictions on drone operations. I thank Senators L
EE, BLUMENTHAL , and C
OTTON for joining me on this bill, and I appreciate their support. In recent years, small unmanned air-craft have emerged as a transformative new technology. These devices—more commonly known as drones—are high-ly capable, commercially available, and operable even by novice con-sumers. The way that drones are flown in the daily life of our communities and in such great numbers has raised new challenges for safety, privacy, and se-curity that demand cooperation be-tween the federal, state, and local gov-ernments. Today, drone operations present an astounding array of challenges. In just two years, over 2,500 drone incidents have been reported to the Federal Aviation Administration, or FAA. The most recent year of data, from October 2015 to October 2016, saw the number of incidents surge 166% over the prior year. In addition, there have been some 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:56 Aug 22, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\MAY\S25MY7.REC S25MY7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3220 May 25, 2017 
alarming reports. On February 26th, 2017, a drone crashed through the 27th floor window of a Manhattan apart-ment building in New York City. The next month, on March 28th, a drone crashed through the 23rd floor window of City Hall in Buffalo, New York. Drones have repeatedly interfered with medical helicopters. On May 1st, 2016, a medevac helicopter trying to land at Florida Hospital East in Orlando was forced to abort its initial landing be-cause of a drone. On November 14, 2015, a helicopter leaving children’s hospital in St. Louis, Missouri had to take eva-sive action to avoid a drone, banking 60 degrees. Drones also interfere with emergency wild fire fighting. On April 30, 2017, multiple drones filming the Opera fire in Riverside, California forced firefighting helicopters to sus-pend operations. This happened eight times in 2015, and another eight times in 2016, in California alone. Drones have also crashed into the Golden Gate Bridge, including twice last month. On April 1st, a drone flown almost two miles beyond line of site fell from the sky into a lane of traffic, only a few feet from the crowded sidewalk. Again on April 9th, another drone flown be-yond line of site crashed one of the bridge’s towers. These incidents are occurring throughout the nation, but each state has faced its own challenges. Half of all reported incidents came from just five States: California, Florida, New York, Texas, and New Jersey. In fact, one-fifth of all drone inci-dents reported to the FAA occurred in California. What works for protecting urban areas will be different than what is needed in rural areas. The current legal framework for managing the airspace, which evolved over a century of manned aviation, is a poor fit for these new challenges. Drones bear little resemblance to the manned aircraft that came before them. First, drones intrude into the every-day life of our communities in a way that airplanes do not. Airplanes fly into and out of airports, and munici-palities can try through zoning to min-imize disruptions. Drones, on the other hand, can take flight from any loca-tion, can hover anonymously overhead, and are often used to film whatever as-pect of public or private life may catch the operator’s interest of the opera-tor’s. Second, drones are seldom engaged in interstate commerce once they have been purchased. Short communication range and limited battery life means that commercially available drones are almost always operated locally, and are unlikely to be operated across state lines. Third, there are far more drones than there are airplanes. Already, more than 750,000 drones have been registered, and the FAA anticipates up to 4 million drones by 2020. By contrast, there are little more than 200,000 manned air-craft registered in the United States. WHAT THE BILL DOES  
The Drone Federalism Act would ad-dress the modern challenges of drone operations and provide a clear legal framework to regulate drones. The bill has three provisions. First, the bill preserves the authority of State, Tribal, and local governments to issue reasonable restrictions on the time, manner, and place of drone oper-ations within 200 feet of the ground or a structure. These could include speed limits, local no-fly zones, temporary restrictions, and prohibitions on reck-less or drunk operators, for example. There are regulations that the FAA must issue uniformly throughout the country to ensure the safety and effi-ciency of the national airspace. This bill does not interfere with that au-thority. However, the bill does require the FAA to consider legitimate state and local interests when exercising pre-emption, and to respect any reasonable additional low-altitude restrictions that state and local governments choose to impose. Second, the bill reaffirms that the federal government will respect private property rights to the airspace in the immediate reaches above a property, including at least the first 200 feet. Neither Congress nor the FAA may au-thorize drone operations immediately over property without the owner’s per-mission. Third, the bill promotes cooperation between the levels of government by directing the FAA to partner with a di-verse group of cities and States to test out different approaches and report on best practices. 
STATE AND LOCAL GOVERNMENTS REGULATE  
DRONES  
The Drone Federalism Act is con-sistent with the recent action taken by States to regulate drone operations. In response to drone incidents and the concerns of their communities, law-makers throughout the country have identified the need for a variety of new approaches to managing drones. In-deed, at least 38 States are considering drone legislation this year, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures. These proposals include: definitions of harassment and voyeurism, airport protections, penalties for interfering with emergency responders, protec-tions against the delivery of contra-band at prisons, bans on flights over football games, and definitions of aer-ial trespass, among others. This exercise of the laboratories of democracy is appropriate. Our commu-nities should not have to rely on an al-ready overburdened federal agency to craft specific regulatory protections for every local context, supply on-the- ground enforcement agents, or pursue complicated civil cases in court for every infraction. Local police should be empowered to issue citations akin to a traffic violation for clear-cut infrac-tions, without having to prove an ac-tion meets a vague tort law standards of negligence and harm. There should be no question that a State has a right to prevent drones from interfering with emergency responders or delivering contraband into prisons; to criminalize hit-and-runs, voyeurism, stalking, or harassment with a drone; to allow judges to deny drones to sex offenders. Neither should there be any question that a State or municipality has a right to restrict the use of drones where it would be hazardous. Just as the federal government has banned drone operations over Federal Parks, States should have the option to pro-tect State parks. Just as the Federal Government banned flights over sen-sitive areas, like the entire Capital re-gion, cities should have the option to protect schools or other sensitive areas of their own. Just as the Federal Gov-ernment can impose temporary flight restrictions over major sporting events or airshows, a county should have the option to protect its summer fair-grounds or holiday parade route. CONCLUSION  
The Drone Federalism Act that I am introducing today, along with Senators L
EE, BLUMENTHAL , and C OTTON , is a proactive, affirmative solution. It rec-ognizes the federal interest in pro-tecting the safety and efficiency of the national airspace, while also respecting private property rights, Tribal sov-ereignty, the powers reserved to the States by the Tenth Amendment, and the general principle of local self-deter-mination. This bill will invite the democratic participation of government at every level, avoid the need for years of litiga-tion about the scope of preemption, and enable effective local enforcement. It is incumbent on Congress to provide clarity and to guarantee all sides an equal voice moving forward. This bipartisan bill is the way to do that. 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. T
ILLIS , and Mrs. E RNST ): S. 1276. A bill to require the Attorney General to make a determination as to whether cannabidiol should be a con-trolled substance and listed in a sched-ule under the Controlled Substances Act and to expand research on the po-tential medical benefits of cannabidiol and other marihuana components; to the Committee on the Judiciary. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I rise today to introduce the Cannabidiol Research Expansion Act with my col-leagues, Senators Grassley, Durbin, Tillis, and Ernst. Cannabidiol, or CBD, is a nonpsychoactive component of mari-juana. In many instances parents, after exhausting other treatment options, have turned to CBD to as a last resort to treat their children who have intrac-table epilepsy. Anecdotally, CBD has produced positive results. However, due to existing barriers and the fact that marijuana is a schedule I drug, rigorous research that is needed to better understand the long-term 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.036 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3221 May 25, 2017 
safety and efficacy of CBD as a medi-cine, as well as the correct dosing and potential interaction with other medi-cations, is lacking. The Cannabidiol Research Expansion Act seeks to both reduce these barriers and spur additional research to ensure that CBD and other marijuana-derived medications are based on the most up to date scientific evidence. It also pro-vides a pathway for the manufacture and distribution of FDA-approved drugs that are based on this research. It does this while maintaining safe-guards to protect against illegal diver-sion. First, the bill directs the Depart-ments of Justice and Health and Human Services to complete a sci-entific and medical evaluation of CBD within 1 year. Based on this evalua-tion, the legislation directs the Depart-ment of Justice to make a scheduling recommendation for CBD that is inde-pendent of marijuana. This may in-clude transferring the schedule of CBD to another schedule, or removing it from the list of controlled substances altogether. A scheduling recommenda-tion for CBD that is independent of marijuana has never been done before. Second, without sacrificing appro-priate oversight, it streamlines the regulatory process for marijuana re-search. In particular, it improves regu-lations dealing with changes to ap-proved quantities of marijuana needed for research and approved research pro-tocols. It also expedites the Drug En-forcement Administration registration process for researching CBD and mari-juana. Third, this legislation seeks to in-crease medical research on CBD, while simultaneously reducing the stigma as-sociated with conducting research on a schedule I drug. It does so by explicitly authorizing medical and osteopathic schools, research universities, practi-tioners and pharmaceutical companies to use a schedule II Drug Enforcement Administration registration to conduct authorized medical research on CBD. Fourth, the bill allows medical schools, research institutions, practi-tioners, and pharmaceutical companies to produce the marijuana they need for authorized medical research. This will ensure that researchers have access to the material they need to develop prov-en, effective medicines. Once the FDA approves these medications, the bill al-lows pharmaceutical companies to manufacture and distribute them. Fifth, the bill allows parents who have children with intractable epi-lepsy, as well as adults with intrac-table epilepsy, to possess and transport CBD or other nonpsychoactive compo-nents of marijuana used to treat this disease while research is ongoing. To do so, parents and adults must provide documentation that they or their child have been treated by a board-certified neurologist for at least 6 months. They must also have documentation that the neurologist has attested that other treatment options have been exhausted and that the potential benefits out-weigh the harms of using these nonpsychoactive components of mari-juana. The neurologist must also agree to monitor the patient for potential ad-verse reactions. Finally, because existing Federal re-search is severely lacking, the bill di-rects the Department of Health and Human Services to expand, intensify, and coordinate research to determine the potential medical benefits of CBD or other marijuana-derived medica-tions on serious medical conditions. The 2016 National Academy of Sciences report, titled ‘‘The Health Ef-fects of Cannabis and Cannabinoids: The Current State of Evidence and Recommendations for Research’’ un-derscored the need to reduce research barriers, increase the supply of CBD and marijuana for research purposes, and address existing research gaps. The Cannabidiol Research Expansion Act seeks to do just this. This bill is critical to helping fami-lies across the country as they seek safe, effective medicines for serious ill-nesses. I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting this important legis-lation. 
By Mr. DAINES (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ): S. 1282. A bill to redesignate certain clinics of the Department of Veterans Affairs located in Montana; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, today I would like to recognize the commit-ment to duty and personal courage of three Montanans by introducing a bill to redesignate three Department of Veterans Affairs facilities in their honor. Through their distinguished service to our Nation, the actions of these three gentlemen have earned the respect and gratitude of the Treasure State. Under this resolution, the Commu-nity Based Outpatient Clinic on Palm-er Street in Missoula will be des-ignated in honor of David J. Thatcher. Mr. Thatcher was an outstanding Mon-tanan. The humble circumstances of his upbringing in rural, eastern Mon-tana helped him develop a strong work ethic. In 1940, with war raging across Europe and the clouds of war on the horizon for the United States, he en-listed in the U.S. Army Air Corps. Following the attack on Pearl Har-bor, he volunteered to serve as a tail gunner for a high risk mission to at-tack targets deep within Japanese con-trolled territory. This counterattack would be known to history as the Doo-little Raid. After finishing the bombing mission and running low on fuel, his aircraft crash landed near the coast of China. Mr. Thatcher was instrumental in helping the crew reach safety fol-lowing the crash and for his actions during the Doolittle Raid, he was awarded the Silver Star. A few years later, the actor Robert Walker por-trayed Corporal Thatcher on the silver screen in ‘‘Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo.’’ After the war, Mr. Thatcher embarked on a career with the U.S. Postal Service and married his sweet-heart Dawn. Their marriage spanned seven decades until he passed away last June at the age of 94. In Billings, the Community Based Outpatient Clinic on Spring Creek Lane will be designated in honor of Dr. Joseph Medicine Crow. Dr. Medicine Crow was an accomplished warrior and esteemed historian. He was born on the Crow Indian Reservation in eastern Montana and traveled across the U.S. while pursuing his education. In 1939, Dr. Medicine Crow earned his master’s degree from the University of Southern California, becoming the first member of the Crow Tribe to attain that cre-dential. In 1943 he joined the United States Army. While serving as an Army scout during World War II, Dr. Medicine Crow fulfilled the four re-quirements to become a war chief. While fighting against the German forces he led a war party, stole an enemy horse, disarmed an enemy, and touched an enemy without killing him. Later in life he served as the Crow trib-al historian, received multiple hon-orary doctorate degrees, and spoke at venues across the Nation. He was the last Crow war chief, and his passing last April, at the age of 102, was a loss to our Nation. For his lifetime of serv-ice to the Crow Tribe, the State of Montana, and to United States, Dr. Medicine Crow was awarded the Presi-dential Medal of Freedom. The Billings Community Based Spe-cialty Clinic located on Majestic Lane will be designated in honor of Ben-jamin Charles Steele. Mr. Steele is re-membered by Montanans as a ranch hand, teacher, artist, and Bataan Death March survivor. Born and raised in Montana, he joined the U.S. Army Air Corps in 1940. After he was captured by the Japanese, Mr. Steele’s sturdy fortitude helped him endure a 66-mile trek in the Philippines, a prisoner ship, and a forced labor camp. He was a pris-oner of war in the Pacific Theater of World War II for a total of 1,244 days. Using charcoal to sketch on concrete, he withstood the harsh treatment in captivity and honed his artistic tal-ents. His artistic expressions were cap-tured on contraband paper, and some of the works he created in captivity were preserved and went on tour through the Nation after the war. In August of last year, we lost a warrior-artist when Mr. Steele passed away at his home in Montana at the age of 98. The World War II generation pro-duced many heroes. In 2016, Montana lost three of our greatest heroes when Thatcher, Medicine Crow and Steele completed their earthly tours of duty. In 2017 it is fitting that we honor their service and their remarkable lives by naming three Veterans Affairs facili-ties in their honor. Each generation of veterans using these facilities will help keep their memories alive. Their unique stories will inspire the future generation of warriors to defend our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.033 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3222 May 25, 2017 
Nation and preserve our cherished indi-vidual liberties. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1282 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. REDESIGNATION OF CERTAIN DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS CLINICS IN MONTANA. 
(a) D AVID J. T HATCHER DEPARTMENT OF  V
ETERANS AFFAIRS CLINIC .— (1) D
ESIGNATION .—The clinic of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs located at 2687 Palmer Street in Missoula, Montana, shall after the date of the enactment of this Act be known and designated as the ‘‘David J. Thatcher Department of Veterans Affairs Clinic’’. (2) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in any law, regulation, map, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the clinic re-ferred to in paragraph (1) shall be considered to be a reference to the David J. Thatcher Department of Veterans Affairs Clinic. (b) D
R. JOSEPH MEDICINE CROW DEPART -
MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS CLINIC .— (1) D
ESIGNATION .—The clinic of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs located at 1775 Spring Creek Lane in Billings, Montana, shall after the date of the enactment of this Act be known and designated as the ‘‘Dr. Jo-seph Medicine Crow Department of Veterans Affairs Clinic’’. (2) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in any law, regulation, map, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the clinic re-ferred to in paragraph (1) shall be considered to be a reference to the Dr. Joseph Medicine Crow Department of Veterans Affairs Clinic. (3) P
UBLIC DISPLAY OF NAME .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Any local public display of the name of the clinic referred to in para-graph (1) carried out by the United States or through the use of Federal funds shall in-clude the English name, Dr. Joseph Medicine Crow, and the Crow name, Dakaak Baako, of Dr. Joseph Medicine Crow. (B) L
OCAL DISPLAY .—For purposes of sub-paragraph (A), a local public display of the name of the clinic referred to in paragraph (1) includes a display inside the clinic, on the campus of the clinic, and in the community surrounding the clinic, such as signs direct-ing individuals to the clinic. (c) B
ENJAMIN CHARLES STEELE DEPARTMENT  
OFVETERANS AFFAIRS CLINIC .— (1) D
ESIGNATION .—The clinic of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs located at 1766 Ma-jestic Lane in Billings, Montana, shall after the date of the enactment of this Act be known and designated as the ‘‘Benjamin Charles Steele Department of Veterans Af-fairs Clinic’’. (2) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in any law, regulation, map, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the clinic re-ferred to in paragraph (1) shall be considered to be a reference to the Benjamin Charles Steele Department of Veterans Affairs Clin-ic. 
By Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. E
NZI, Mr. U DALL , Mr. B OOZ-
MAN, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Ms. C OL-
LINS, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. R EED, Ms. S TABE -
NOW, Mr. M URPHY , Mr. C OONS , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. SHAHEEN , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. B
ROWN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. P
AUL, Mr. W YDEN , Mr. K AINE, Mr. K
ING, Mr. F RANKEN , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. H EIN-
RICH, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. W
ARNER , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. S
CHUMER , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. N
ELSON , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. C
ASSIDY , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. C AR-
PER, Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. V AN H
OLLEN , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. C RAPO , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. D AINES , Ms. H
ASSAN , and Mr. H ELLER ): S. 1287. A bill to allow United States citizens and legal residents to travel between the United States and Cuba; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, today I am very pleased to join my friend, the junior Senator from Arizona, in intro-ducing the Freedom for Americans to Travel to Cuba Act of 2017. I will have more to say about this bill, and United States policy toward Cuba, in the weeks and months ahead. My purpose in speaking today is simply to point out that 55 Democratic and Republican members of the Senate have cosponsored this bill to allow Americans to travel to Cuba in the same way that they can travel to any other country in the world. And based on my conversations with other Sen-ators, especially Republicans, I have little doubt that if we voted on this bill today more than 60 Senators would support it. It is indefensible that the Federal government currently restricts Amer-ican citizens and legal resident from traveling to a country 90 miles away that poses no threat to us, unless they engage in certain activities and not others. For example, an American biol-ogist can go to Cuba to study threat-ened species of migratory birds. That same American cannot take his family on a trip to visit Cuba’s national parks. Why? Because one is defined as sci-entific research and the other is de-fined as tourism. At a time when U.S. airlines and cruise ships are flying and sailing to Cuba, does anyone here honestly think that preventing Americans from trav-eling is an appropriate role of the Fed-eral government? Why only Cuba? Why not Venezuela? Or Russia? Or Iran, or anywhere else? It is a vindictive, dis-criminatory, self-defeating vestige of a time long passed. This bill would end these Cold War restrictions on the free-dom of Americans to travel. It would not do away with the embargo. We are told that the Trump Adminis-tration is conducting a review of U.S. policy toward Cuba. That is to be ex-pected of a new administration. We have also heard a rumor, and I hope it is only a rumor, that in return for the votes of certain Senators or represent-ative on health care legislation, prom-ises may have been made by the White House to impose further restrictions on the normalization of relations with Cuba. I hope that is not the case. I hope the review produces a policy based on what is in the U.S. national security interest and on what is in the interests of the American and Cuban people, an overwhelming majority of whom want closer relations. And I hope the policy reflects the bipartisan majority in Con-gress that supports expanding our en-gagement with Cuba, as evidenced by the bill we are introducing today. I and others who have traveled to Cuba many times over the past 20 years, who have met with Cuban offi-cials, with Cubans who have been per-secuted for opposing the Castro govern-ment, and with many others, have re-quested meetings with top White House officials before the review is completed and any final decisions are made. Every one of us wants to see an end to political repression in Cuba. The ar-rests and physical mistreatment of dis-sidents by the Cuban government are deplorable, just as they are by other governments including some, like Egypt’s and Turkey’s, whose leaders have been feted at the White House, or, in the case of Saudi Arabia, have feted President Trump and his family. Amer-icans can travel freely to Egypt, Tur-key, Saudi Arabia, and every other country, except Cuba. The issue is how best to support the people of Cuba who struggle to make ends meet, and who want to live in a country where freedom of expression and association are protected, and where they can choose their own lead-ers in a democratic manner. Anyone who thinks that more eco-nomic pressure, or ultimatums, will force the Cuban authorities to stop ar-resting political dissidents and em-brace democracy have learned nothing from history. For more than half a cen-tury we have tried a policy of unilat-eral sanctions and isolation, and it has achieved neither of those goals. In-stead, it has been used by the Cuban government as an excuse for repression to protect Cuba’s sovereignty. It has hurt the Cuban people, not the Cuban government. And it has provided an opening for our adversaries and com-petitors, like Russia and China, in this hemisphere. Change is coming to Cuba, and we can help support that process. There is already visible, tangible evidence that the changes in U.S. policy initiated by President Obama are having positive effects for the Cuban people and for our security and economic relations with Cuba, even though critics, particularly those who have never been to Cuba, prefer to deny it. But most importantly, the bipartisan bill we are introducing today is about the right of Americans, not Cubans, to travel. Any member of Congress, espe-cially those who have been to Cuba, should support the right of their con-stituents to do so. American citizens are our best Ambassadors to Cuba, and it is wrong for the United States gov-ernment to be imposing restrictions 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.037 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3223 May 25, 2017 
that have no place in the law books of a free society. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 179—EX-PRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE DESIGNATION OF JUNE 2, 2017, AS ‘‘NATIONAL GUN VIOLENCE AWARENESS DAY’’ AND JUNE 2017 AS ‘‘NATIONAL GUN VIO-LENCE AWARENESS MONTH’’ Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. C OONS , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. C ARPER , and Mr. K
AINE) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 179 Whereas, each year, more than— (1) 32,000 people in the United States are killed and 80,000 are injured by gunfire; (2) 11,000 people in the United States are killed in homicides involving firearms; (3) 21,000 people in the United States com-mit suicide by using firearms; and (4) 500 people in the United States are killed in accidental shootings; Whereas, since 1968, more people have died from guns in the United States than on the battlefields of all the wars in the history of the United States; Whereas, by 1 count, in 2016 in the United States there were— (1) 384 mass shooting incidents in which not fewer than 4 people were killed or wounded by gunfire; and (2) 48 incidents in which a gun was fired in a school; Whereas gun violence typically escalates during the summer months; Whereas, every 70 minutes, 1 individual in the United States under 25 years of age dies because of gun violence and more than 6,300 such individuals die annually, including Hadiya Pendleton, who, in 2013, was killed at 15 years of age while standing in a Chicago park; and Whereas, on June 2, 2017, on what would have been Hadiya Pendleton’s 20th birthday, people across the United States will recog-nize National Gun Violence Awareness Day and wear orange in tribute to Hadiya and other victims of gun violence and their loved ones: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports— (A) the designation of June 2017 as ‘‘Na-tional Gun Violence Awareness Month’’ and the goals and ideals of that month; and (B) the designation of June 2, 2017, as ‘‘Na-tional Gun Violence Awareness Day’’ in re-membrance of the victims of gun violence; and (2) calls on the people of the United States to— (A) promote greater awareness of gun vio-lence and gun safety; (B) wear orange, the color that hunters wear to show that they are not targets, on June 2; (C) concentrate heightened attention on gun violence during the summer months, when gun violence typically increases; and (D) bring citizens and community leaders together to discuss ways to make commu-nities safer. SENATE RESOLUTION 180—CON-DEMNING THE VIOLENCE AGAINST PEACEFUL PRO-TESTERS OUTSIDE THE TURKISH AMBASSADOR’S RESIDENCE ON MAY 16, 2017, AND CALLING FOR THE PERPETRATORS TO BE BROUGHT TO JUSTICE AND MEASURES TO BE TAKEN TO PREVENT SIMILAR INCIDENTS IN THE FUTURE Mr. MARKEY submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions: 
S. R ES. 180 Whereas, on May 16, 2017, President Donald J. Trump hosted President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey, a longstanding NATO ally, for an official meeting at the White House to discuss counterterrorism coopera-tion and bilateral issues; Whereas, on the evening of May 16, 2017, over two dozen protesters gathered outside of the Turkish Ambassador’s residence in Washington, DC, to demonstrate opposition to Turkish government policies; Whereas after hours of peaceful protest, vi-olence erupted when pro-Erdogan supporters and individuals from the Turkish Embassy grounds pushed past District of Columbia po-lice officers to brutally attack the dem-onstrators; Whereas those Turkish officials blatantly suppressed the First Amendment rights of United States citizens, and multiple armed Turkish security officials beat, kicked, and choked unarmed demonstrators; Whereas multiple video recordings of the violence and reports by the Metropolitan Po-lice Department of the District of Columbia and the Department of State confirm that the demonstrators did not instigate the vio-lence; Whereas at least 11 individuals were seri-ously injured in the ensuing brawl, with two individuals requiring immediate hospitaliza-tion; Whereas two armed Turkish security offi-cers attached to a security detail were de-tained at the scene for physically assaulting Federal agents; Whereas those two Turkish security offi-cers were later released and subsequently al-lowed to leave the United States because they held Derived Head of State immunity; Whereas the Department of State did not request that Turkey waive the immunity for these two security officers in order to fully investigate the assault prior to their being released from custody; Whereas a joint criminal investigation into the incident is ongoing with the com-bined efforts of the Washington Metropolitan Police Department, the United States Secret Service, and the Department of State Diplo-matic Security Service; Whereas at no point was President Erdogan in danger; Whereas immunity for diplomatic per-sonnel and certain other foreign officials is a core principle of international law, as is the right to protest peacefully and freely in the United States; Whereas this is the third instance of vio-lence perpetrated by members of Turkish President Erdogan’s security detail in the United States; Whereas in 2011, a brawl erupted in the halls of the United Nations General Assem-bly between members of Turkish President Erdogan’s security detail and United Nations security officers, resulting in one United Na-tions security officer being hospitalized due to serious injuries; Whereas in 2016, members of Turkish Presi-dent Erdogan’s security detail engaged in unwarranted violence against journalists re-porting on an event at the Brookings Insti-tution; Whereas Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on May 21, 2017, that the violence out-side the Turkish Embassy was ‘‘outrageous’’ and ‘‘simply unacceptable’’; and Whereas the right to assembly, peaceful protest, and freedom of speech are essential and protected rights in the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That it is the sense of the Senate that— (1) the rights to peacefully assemble and freely express one’s views are essential to the fabric of American democracy; (2) the Turkish security forces acted in an unprofessional and brutal manner, reflecting poorly on President Erdogan and the Govern-ment of Turkey; (3) any Turkish security officials who di-rected, oversaw, or participated in efforts by Turkish security forces to illegally suppress peaceful protests on May 16, 2017, should be charged and prosecuted under United States law; (4) the United States Secret Service and the Diplomatic Security Service of the De-partment of State should review this inci-dent and confirm with the Turkish National Police the standards expected by visiting se-curity details to prevent future violent inci-dents; (5) the Department of State should imme-diately request the waiver of immunity of any Turkish security detail official engaged in any assault in the United States prior to release of that individual from custody; (6) the Department of State should conduct a review of its own security procedures to de-termine how to mitigate the likelihood of such an event in the future; (7) the United States respect for free speech requires officials of the United States to speak out against such incidents; and (8) the United States should take steps to strengthen freedoms for the press and civil society in countries such as Turkey, and combat efforts by foreign leaders to suppress free and peaceful protest in their own coun-tries. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 181—DESIG-NATING THE WEEK OF MAY 21 THROUGH MAY 27, 2017, AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL PUBLIC WORKS WEEK’’ Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Ms. H
ARRIS ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 181 Whereas public works infrastructure, fa-cilities, and services are of vital importance to the health, safety, and well-being of the people of the United States; Whereas the public works infrastructure, facilities, and services could not be provided without the dedicated efforts of public works professionals, including engineers and ad-ministrators, who represent State and local governments throughout the United States; Whereas public works professionals design, build, operate, and maintain the transpor-tation systems, water infrastructure, sewage and refuse disposal systems, public buildings, and other structures and facilities that are vital to the people and communities of the United States; and Whereas understanding the role that public infrastructure plays in protecting the envi-ronment, improving public health and safe-ty, contributing to economic vitality, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.039 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3224 May 25, 2017 
enhancing the quality of life of every com-munity of the United States is in the inter-est of the people of the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates the week of May 21 through May 27, 2017, as ‘‘National Public Works Week’’; (2) recognizes and celebrates the important contributions that public works profes-sionals make every day to improve— (A) the public infrastructure of the United States; and (B) the communities that public works pro-fessionals serve; and (3) urges individuals and communities throughout the United States to join with representatives of the Federal Government and the American Public Works Association in activities and ceremonies that are de-signed— (A) to pay tribute to the public works pro-fessionals of the United States; and (B) to recognize the substantial contribu-tions that public works professionals make to the United States. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 182—DESIG-NATING MAY 2017 AS ‘‘MELA-NOMA AWARENESS MONTH’’ Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. I
SAKSON , and Mr. D
URBIN ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 182 Whereas, as of May 2017, there are nearly 1,000,000 people living with melanoma in the United States; Whereas over 160,000 people of the United States will be diagnosed with melanoma in 2017; Whereas melanoma is the second-most commonly diagnosed cancer in young adults; Whereas approximately 90 percent of cases of melanoma can be traced to exposure to ul-traviolet rays; Whereas Congress enacted the Sunscreen Innovation Act (Public Law 113–195) to help bring new, safe sunscreens to the market; Whereas increasing intermittent sun expo-sure in childhood and throughout the life-time of a person is associated with an in-creased risk of squamous cell carcinoma, basal cell carcinoma, and melanoma; Whereas 1 blistering sunburn during child-hood or adolescence can nearly double the chance that a person develops melanoma later in life, while 5 or more blistering sun-burns in late adolescence increases the risk of— (1) melanoma by 80 percent; and (2) nonmelanoma by 68 percent; and Whereas research shows that wearing sun-screen and taking other preventive measures can prevent sunburn and reduce the risk of skin cancer and premature aging: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates May 2017 as ‘‘Melanoma Awareness Month’’; (2) supports the goals and ideals of Mela-noma Awareness Month; (3) continues to support research for the prevention, detection, and treatment of, and a cure for, melanoma; and (4) supports efforts to promote awareness of, and education on, sunsafe behaviors, in-cluding the use of sunscreen and sun-protec-tive clothing. SENATE RESOLUTION 183—RECOG-NIZING THE SIGNIFICANCE OF MAY 2017 AS ASIAN/PACIFIC AMERICAN HERITAGE MONTH AND AS AN IMPORTANT TIME TO CELEBRATE THE SIGNIFICANT CONTRIBUTIONS OF ASIAN AMERICANS AND PACIFIC IS-LANDERS TO THE HISTORY OF THE UNITED STATES Mr. SCHUMER (for Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Ms. H ARRIS , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. K AINE, Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. C ARDIN , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. C
OONS , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. G
ARDNER , Mr. C ASEY , and Mr. H ELLER )) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 183 Whereas the people of the United States join together each May to pay tribute to the contributions of generations of Asian Ameri-cans and Pacific Islanders who have enriched the history of the United States; Whereas the history of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders in the United States is inextricably tied to the story of the United States; Whereas the Asian American and Pacific Islander community is a diverse population, comprised of more than 45 distinct ethnicities and more than 100 language dia-lects; Whereas, according to the Bureau of the Census, the Asian American population grew at a faster rate than any other racial or eth-nic group in the United States during the last decade, surging nearly 46 percent be-tween 2000 and 2010, a growth rate that is 4 times the rate for the total population of the United States; Whereas, according to the 2010 decennial census, there are approximately 17,300,000 residents of the United States who identify themselves as Asian and approximately 1,200,000 residents of the United States who identify themselves as Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander, making up approxi-mately 5.5 percent and 0.4 percent, respec-tively, of the total population of the United States; Whereas the month of May was selected for Asian/Pacific American Heritage Month be-cause the first immigrants from Japan ar-rived in the United States on May 7, 1843, and the first transcontinental railroad was completed on May 10, 1869, with substantial contributions from immigrants from China; Whereas section 102 of title 36, United States Code, officially designates May as Asian/Pacific American Heritage Month and requests that the President issue an annual proclamation calling on the people of the United States to observe Asian/Pacific Amer-ican Heritage Month with appropriate pro-grams, ceremonies, and activities; Whereas Asian Americans and Pacific Is-landers, such as Daniel K. Inouye, a Medal of Honor and Presidential Medal of Freedom re-cipient who, as President Pro Tempore of the Senate, was the highest-ranking Asian American government official in the history of the United States, Dalip Singh Saund, the first Asian American elected to serve in Con-gress, Patsy T. Mink, the first woman of color and the first Asian American woman to be elected to Congress, Hiram L. Fong, the first Asian American Senator, Daniel K. Akaka, the first Senator of Native Hawaiian ancestry, Norman Y. Mineta, the first Asian American member of a presidential cabinet, Elaine L. Chao, the first Asian American woman member of a presidential cabinet, Mee Moua, the first Hmong American elect-ed to a State legislature, and others, have made significant contributions in both the Government and Armed Forces of the United States; Whereas 2017 marks several important milestones for the Asian American and Pa-cific Islander community, including— (1) the 155th anniversary of the date of en-actment of the Act of July 1, 1862 (12 Stat. 489, chapter 120), which promoted the con-struction of the transcontinental railroad; (2) the 135th anniversary of the date of en-actment of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to exe-cute certain treaty stipulations relating to Chinese’’, approved May 6, 1882 (22 Stat. 58, chapter 126); (3) the 105th anniversary of the first plant-ing of a cherry tree from Japan in Wash-ington, DC; (4) the 75th anniversary of the signing of Executive Order 9066 (7 Fed. Reg. 1407; relat-ing to authorizing the Secretary of War to prescribe military areas), which authorized the internment of Japanese-Americans; and (5) the 25th anniversary of the formal es-tablishment of Asian/Pacific American Her-itage Month; Whereas, in 2017, the Polynesian Voyaging Society will complete the final leg of its Malama Honua Worldwide Voyage after 4 years of sailing the world and teaching tradi-tional wayfinding practices, along with the importance of caring for the land and sea; Whereas, in 2017, the Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus, a bicameral cau-cus of Members of Congress advocating on behalf of Asian Americans and Pacific Is-landers, is composed of 50 Members, includ-ing 17 Members of Asian or Pacific Islander descent; Whereas, in 2017, Asian Americans and Pa-cific Islanders are serving in State and terri-torial legislatures across the United States in record numbers, including in— (1) the States of Alaska, Arizona, Cali-fornia, Colorado, Connecticut, Georgia, Ha-waii, Idaho, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, and West Virginia; and (2) the territories of American Samoa, Guam, and the Commonwealth of the North-ern Mariana Islands; Whereas the number of Federal judges who are Asian Americans or Pacific Islanders doubled between 2001 and 2008 and more than tripled between 2009 and 2016, reflecting a commitment to diversity in the Federal judi-ciary that has resulted in the confirmation of high-caliber Asian American and Pacific Islander judicial nominees; Whereas there remains much to be done to ensure that Asian Americans and Pacific Is-landers have access to resources and a voice in the Government of the United States and continue to advance in the political land-scape of the United States; and Whereas celebrating Asian/Pacific Amer-ican Heritage Month provides the people of the United States with an opportunity to recognize the achievements, contributions, and history of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders and to appreciate the challenges faced by Asian Americans and Pacific Island-ers: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the significance of May 2017 as Asian/Pacific American Heritage Month and as an important time to celebrate the significant contributions of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders to the history of the United States; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:57 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.041 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3225 May 25, 2017 
(2) recognizes that the Asian American and Pacific Islander community strengthens, and enhances the rich diversity of, the United States. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 218. Mr. McCONNELL (for Mr. M ORAN ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 12, to amend title 38, United States Code, to im-prove the accountability of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 218. Mr. McCONNELL (for Mr. M
ORAN ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 12, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the account-ability of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses; as follows: 
Strike Sec. 2. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, I have 9 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , NUTRITION , AND 
FORESTRY  
The Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, May 25, 2017 at 10 a.m., in 328A Russell Senate Office Building, in order to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Farm Economy: Per-spectives on Rural America.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
The Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, May 25, 2017 at 9:30 a.m., in open session, to receive testimony on the posture of the De-partment of the Army in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fis-cal year 2018 and the Future Years De-fense Program. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
The Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate in order to hold a hearing on Thursday, May 25, 2017, at 9:45 a.m. in Room 366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building in Washington, DC, to consider the nomi-nations of Mr. Dan R. Brouillette to be Deputy Secretary of Energy and Mr. Neil Chatterjee and Mr. Robert F. Powelson to be Members of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
The Committee on Finance is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, May 25, 2017, at 10 a.m., in 215 Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2018 Budget Proposals for the Department of Treasury and Tax Reform.’’ COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate, on May 25, 2017 at 9:30 a.m., to hold a business meeting. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Senate Select Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate, on May 25, 2017, following the first floor vote in the Capitol, to conduct an executive business meeting. Agenda is attached. 
COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Senate Select Committee on In-telligence is authorized to meet during the session of the 115th Congress of the U.S. Senate on Thursday, May 25, 2017 from 2 p.m. in room SH–219 of the Sen-ate Hart Office Building to hold a closed Member briefing. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON MULTILATERAL INTER -
NATIONAL DEVELOPMENT , MULTILATERAL IN -
STITUTIONS , AND INTERNATIONAL ECONOMIC , 
ENERGY , AND ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY  
The Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Multilateral Inter-national Development, Multilateral In-stitutions, and International Eco-nomic, Energy, and Environmental Policy is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, May 25, 2017 at 2 p.m., to hold a hearing entitled ‘‘Assessing the United Nations Human Rights Council.’’ 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON INVESTIGATION  
The Permanent Subcommittee on In-vestigations of the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, May 25, 2017, at 9:30 a.m. in order to conduct a hearing entitled, ‘‘Stopping the Shipment of Synthetic Opioids: Oversight of U.S. Strategy to Combat Illicit Drugs.’’ 
f 
PRIVILEGES Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Katie Wright, a fellow in my office, be granted floor privileges for the remainder of the year. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
f 
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED TODAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of the following Senate resolu-tions which were submitted earlier today: S. Res. 181, S. Res. 182, and S. Res. 183. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolutions en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lutions be agreed to, the preambles be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolutions were agreed to. The preambles were agreed to. (The resolutions, with their pre-ambles, are printed in today’s RECORD  under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
DIGITAL COAST ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 25, S. 110. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 110) to require the Secretary of Commerce, acting through the Adminis-trator of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration, to establish a con-stituent-driven program to provide a digital information platform capable of efficiently integrating coastal data with decision-sup-port tools, training, and best practices and to support collection of priority coastal geospatial data to inform and improve local, State, regional, and Federal capacities to manage the coastal region, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 110) was ordered to be en-grossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 110 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Digital Coast Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) The Digital Coast is a model approach for effective Federal partnerships with State and local government, nongovernmental or-ganizations, and the private sector. (2) Access to current, accurate, uniform, and standards-based geospatial information, tools, and training to characterize the United States coastal region is critical for public safety and for the environment, infra-structure, and economy of the United States. (3) More than half of all people of the United States (153,000,000) currently live on or near a coast and an additional 12,000,000 are expected in the next decade. (4) Coastal counties in the United States average 300 persons per square mile, com-pared with the national average of 98. (5) On a typical day, more than 1,540 per-mits for construction of single-family homes are issued in coastal counties, combined with other commercial, retail, and institutional construction to support this population. (6) Over half of the economic productivity of the United States is located within coast-al regions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:57 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.043 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3226 May 25, 2017 
(7) Highly accurate, high-resolution remote sensing and other geospatial data play an in-creasingly important role in decision mak-ing and management of the coastal zone and economy, including for— (A) flood and coastal storm surge pre-diction; (B) hazard risk and vulnerability assess-ment; (C) emergency response and recovery plan-ning; (D) community resilience to longer range coastal change; (E) local planning and permitting; (F) habitat and ecosystem health assess-ments; and (G) landscape change detection. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) C
OASTAL REGION .—The term ‘‘coastal re-gion’’ means the area of United States waters extending inland from the shoreline to include coastal watersheds and seaward to the territorial sea. (2) C
OASTAL STATE .—The term ‘‘coastal State’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘coastal state’’ in section 304 of the Coastal Zone Management Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1453). (3) F
EDERAL GEOGRAPHIC DATA COM -
MITTEE .—The term ‘‘Federal Geographic Data Committee’’ means the interagency committee that promotes the coordinated development, use, sharing, and dissemina-tion of geospatial data on a national basis. (4) R
EMOTE SENSING AND OTHER  
GEOSPATIAL .—The term ‘‘remote sensing and other geospatial’’ means collecting, storing, retrieving, or disseminating graphical or dig-ital data depicting natural or manmade physical features, phenomena, or boundaries of the Earth and any information related thereto, including surveys, maps, charts, sat-ellite and airborne remote sensing data, im-ages, LiDAR, and services performed by pro-fessionals such as surveyors, photogrammetrists, hydrographers, geode-sists, cartographers, and other such services. (5) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Commerce, acting through the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. 
SEC. 4. ESTABLISHMENT OF THE DIGITAL COAST. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-lish a program for the provision of an ena-bling platform that integrates geospatial data, decision-support tools, training, and best practices to address coastal manage-ment issues and needs. Under the program, the Secretary shall strive to enhance resil-ient communities, ecosystem values, and coastal economic growth and development by helping communities address their issues, needs, and challenges through cost-effective and participatory solutions. (2) D
ESIGNATION .—The program established under paragraph (1) shall be known as the ‘‘Digital Coast’’ (in this section referred to as the ‘‘program’’). (b) P
ROGRAM REQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out the program, the Secretary shall ensure that the program provides data integration, tool development, training, documentation, dissemination, and archive by— (1) making data and resulting integrated products developed under this section read-ily accessible via the Digital Coast Internet website of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration, the GeoPlatform.gov and data.gov Internet websites, and such other information distribution technologies as the Secretary considers appropriate; (2) developing decision-support tools that use and display resulting integrated data and provide training on use of such tools; (3) documenting such data to Federal Geo-graphic Data Committee standards; and (4) archiving all raw data acquired under this Act at the appropriate National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration data center or such other Federal data center as the Sec-retary considers appropriate. (c) COORDINATION .—The Secretary shall co-ordinate the activities carried out under the program to optimize data collection, sharing and integration, and to minimize duplication by— (1) consulting with coastal managers and decision makers concerning coastal issues, and sharing information and best practices, as the Secretary considers appropriate, with— (A) coastal States; (B) local governments; and (C) representatives of academia, the pri-vate sector, and nongovernmental organiza-tions; (2) consulting with other Federal agencies, including interagency committees, on rel-evant Federal activities, including activities carried out under the Ocean and Coastal Mapping Integration Act (33 U.S.C. 3501 et seq.), the Coastal Zone Management Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1451 et seq.), the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3601 et seq.), and the Hydro-graphic Services Improvement Act of 1998 (33 U.S.C. 892 et seq.); (3) participating, pursuant to section 216 of the E-Government Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–347; 44 U.S.C. 3501 note), in the establish-ment of such standards and common proto-cols as the Secretary considers necessary to assure the interoperability of remote sensing and other geospatial data with all users of such information within— (A) the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration; (B) other Federal agencies; (C) State and local government; and (D) the private sector; (4) coordinating with, seeking assistance and cooperation of, and providing liaison to the Federal Geographic Data Committee pursuant to Office of Management and Budg-et Circular A–16 and Executive Order 12906 of April 11, 1994 (59 Fed. Reg. 17671), as amended by Executive Order 13286 of February 28, 2003 (68 Fed. Reg. 10619); and (5) developing and maintaining a best prac-tices document that sets out the best prac-tices used by the Secretary in carrying out the program and providing such document to the United States Geological Survey, the Corps of Engineers, and other relevant Fed-eral agencies. (d) F
ILLING NEEDS AND GAPS.—In carrying out the program, the Secretary shall— (1) maximize the use of remote sensing and other geospatial data collection activities conducted for other purposes and under other authorities; (2) focus on filling data needs and gaps for coastal management issues, including with respect to areas that, as of the date of the enactment of this Act, were underserved by coastal data and the areas of the Arctic that are under the jurisdiction of the United States; (3) pursuant to the Ocean and Coastal Map-ping Integration Act (33 U.S.C. 3501 et seq.), support continue improvement in existing efforts to coordinate the acquisition and in-tegration of key data sets needed for coastal management and other purposes, including— (A) coastal elevation data; (B) land use and land cover data; (C) socioeconomic and human use data; (D) critical infrastructure data; (E) structures data; (F) living resources and habitat data; (G) cadastral data; and (H) aerial imagery; and (4) integrate the priority supporting data set forth under paragraph (3) with other available data for the benefit of the broadest measure of coastal resource management constituents and applications. (e) FINANCIAL AGREEMENTS AND CON-
TRACTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the pro-gram, the Secretary— (A) may enter into financial agreements to carry out the program, including— (i) support to non-Federal entities that participate in implementing the program; and (ii) grants, cooperative agreements, inter-agency agreements, contracts, or any other agreement on a reimbursable or non-reim-bursable basis, with other Federal, tribal, State, and local governmental and non-governmental entities; and (B) may, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, enter into such contracts with pri-vate sector entities for such products and services as the Secretary determines may be necessary to collect, process, and provide re-mote sensing and other geospatial data and products for purposes of the program. (2) F
EES.— (A) A
SSESSMENT AND COLLECTION .—The Sec- retary may assess and collect fees for the conduct of any training, workshop, or con-ference that advances the purposes of the program. (B) A
MOUNTS .—The amount of a fee under this paragraph may not exceed the sum of costs incurred, or expected to be incurred, by the Secretary as a direct result of the con-duct of the training, workshop, or con-ference, including for subsistence expenses incidental to the training, workshop, or con-ference, as applicable. (C) U
SE OF FEES .—Amounts collected by the Secretary in the form of fees under this paragraph may be used to pay for— (i) the costs incurred for conducting an ac-tivity described in subparagraph (A); or (ii) the expenses described in subparagraph (B). (3) S
URVEY AND MAPPING .—Contracts en-tered into under paragraph (1)(B) shall be considered ‘‘surveying and mapping’’ serv-ices as such term is used in and as such con-tracts are awarded by the Secretary in ac-cordance with the selection procedures in chapter 11 of title 40, United States Code. (f) O
CEAN ECONOMY .—The Secretary may establish publically available tools that track ocean and Great Lakes economy data for each coastal State. (g) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary $4,000,000 for each fiscal year 2018 through 2022 to carry out the program. f 
SILVER STAR SERVICE BANNER DAY ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of S. 917 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 917) to amend title 36, United States Code, to designate May 1 as ‘‘Silver Star Service Banner Day.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY6.068 S25MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3227 May 25, 2017 
and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 917) was ordered to be en-grossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 917 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Silver Star Service Banner Day Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Congress has always honored the sac-rifices made by the wounded and ill members of the Armed Forces. (2) The Silver Star Service Banner has come to represent the members of the Armed Forces and veterans who were wounded or became ill in combat in the wars fought by the United States. (3) The Silver Star Families of America was formed to help the people of the United States remember the sacrifices made by the wounded and ill members of the Armed Forces by designing and manufacturing Sil-ver Star Service Banners and Silver Star Flags for that purpose. (4) The sole mission of the Silver Star Families of America is to evoke memories of the sacrifices made by members of the Armed Forces and veterans on behalf of the United States through the presence of a Sil-ver Star Service Banner in a window or a Sil-ver Star Flag flying. (5) The sacrifices made by members of the Armed Forces and veterans on behalf of the United States should never be forgotten. (6) May 1 is an appropriate date to des-ignate as ‘‘Silver Star Service Banner Day’’. 
SEC. 3. DESIGNATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 1 of title 36, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 146. Silver Star Service Banner Day ‘‘(a) D
ESIGNATION .—May 1 is Silver Star Service Banner Day. ‘‘(b) P
ROCLAMATION .—The President is re-quested to issue each year a proclamation calling on the people of the United States to observe Silver Star Service Banner Day with appropriate programs, ceremonies, and ac-tivities.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 1 of title 36, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 145 the following: ‘‘146. Silver Star Service Banner Day.’’. f 
FOLLOW THE RULES ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 657 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (H.R. 657) to amend title 5, United States Code, to extend certain protections against prohibited personnel practices, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 657) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
ORDERS FOR FRIDAY, MAY 26, 2017, THROUGH MONDAY, JUNE 5, 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn, to then convene for pro forma sessions only, with no business being conducted, on the following dates and times, and that following each pro forma session, the Senate adjourn until the next pro forma session: Friday, May 26, at 8:45 a.m.; Tuesday, May 30, at 7 a.m.; and Friday, June 2, at 9 a.m. I further ask that when the Senate ad-journs on Friday, June 2, it next con-vene at 3 p.m., Monday, June 5; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed; fi-nally, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to Calendar No. 107, S. Res. 176, as under the previous order. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 8:45 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 5:23 p.m., adjourned until Friday, May 26, 2017, at 8:45 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
ROBERT R. HOOD, OF GEORGIA, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE, VICE STEPHEN C. HEDGER. 
DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE  
RICHARD ASHOOH, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE, TO BE AN AS-SISTANT SECRETARY OF COMMERCE, VICE KEVIN WOLF, RESIGNED. DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN  
DEVELOPMENT  
J. PAUL COMPTON, JR., OF ALABAMA, TO BE GENERAL COUNSEL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, VICE HELEN R. KANOVSKY, RESIGNED. NEAL J. RACKLEFF, OF TEXAS, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, VICE MERCEDES MARQUEZ. 
DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE  
KAREN DUNN KELLEY, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE UNDER SECRETARY OF COMMERCE FOR ECONOMIC AF-FAIRS, VICE MARK DOMS, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY  
DAVID S. JONAS, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE GENERAL COUN-SEL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY, VICE STEVEN CROLEY, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE  
GILBERT B. KAPLAN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE UNDER SECRETARY OF COMMERCE FOR INTER-NATIONAL TRADE, VICE STEFAN M. SELIG, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
MICHAEL ARTHUR RAYNOR, OF MARYLAND, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE FEDERAL DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF ETHIOPIA. 
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES  
BRETT GIROIR, OF TEXAS, TO BE MEDICAL DIRECTOR IN THE REGULAR CORPS OF THE PUBLIC HEALTH SERV-ICE, SUBJECT TO THE QUALIFICATIONS THEREFOR AS PROVIDED BY LAW AND REGULATIONS, AND TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERV-ICES, VICE HOWARD K. KOH, RESIGNED. 
OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY AND HEALTH REVIEW  
COMMISSION  
HEATHER L. MACDOUGALL, OF FLORIDA, TO BE A MEM-BER OF THE OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY AND HEALTH RE-VIEW COMMISSION FOR A TERM EXPIRING APRIL 27, 2023. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) BRET C. BATCHELDER 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
CALLISTA L. GINGRICH, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AMBAS-SADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE HOLY SEE. 
OFFICE OF PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT  
GEORGE NESTERCZUK, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE DIRECTOR OF THE OFFICE OF PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT FOR A TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE KATHERINE ARCHULETA, RESIGNED. 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate May 25, 2017: 
THE JUDICIARY  
AMUL R. THAPAR, OF KENTUCKY, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE SIXTH CIRCUIT. 
For a complete list of nominations confirmed on May 25, 2017, see pages S3249–S3251 of the Congressional Record dated June 5, 2017. 
f 
WITHDRAWAL Executive Message transmitted by the President to the Senate on May 25, 2017 withdrawing from further Senate consideration the following nomina-tion: 
JAMES DONOVAN, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE DEPUTY SEC-RETARY OF THE TREASURY, VICE SARAH BLOOM RASKIN, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON MAY 16, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\RECORD17\MAY\S25MY7.REC S25MY7
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE719 May 25, 2017 
THE RETIREMENT OF BRIAN C. COOPER FROM THE HOUSE PAR-LIAMENTARIAN’S OFFICE 
HON. JOHN CONYERS, JR. 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise as both the Dean of the House and as a former employer of Brian Cooper to congratulate him an his impending retirement from the House of Representatives after 35 years of service, and to thank him for his years of dedicated service to the House. Brian is a Baltimore native and the youngest of seven children of his parents Deloris and Ellsworth Cooper. Brian loves the Charm City so much that he has lived in the same house his whole life. He is a proud graduate of Frederick Doug-lass High School in Baltimore (the very same high school attended by Supreme Court Jus-tice and civil rights icon Thurgood Marshall). After high school Brian received a scholarship to the Community College of Baltimore, now known as Baltimore City Community College, where he received his degree in commercial and graphic arts. Brian’s first Capitol Hill job began in the fall of 1982 when he began work in the stock room for Publications and Distribution Serv-ices. Thereafter, in the 1980s and early 1990s, Brian worked for the House Post Office, the House document room, the Small Business Committee and the Government Operations Committee. At Government Operations, Brian served under both Jack Brooks and myself as Chair (the latter frame 1991 through 1994). In that capacity Brian worked as staff assistant, handled filing and archiving of committee ma-terials, and prepared documents for committee hearings and markups. I can personally testify that Brian’s work was respected and appre-ciated by Members an both sides of the aisle. In 1995, Brian joined the Office of the House Parliamentarian as Clerk where he spent a full 22 years, rising to become Chief Clerk to the Parliamentarian in 2009. Brian’s mast visible duties included assisting presiding officers during sessions of the House and han-dling timekeeping and legislative paperwork at the rostrum. In addition, Brian provided invalu-able assistance in creating the first office com-puter network, supervising House pages, and preparing for joint meetings and joint sessions. It is no understatement to say that Brian ob-served and participated in a great swath of American political history during that time pe-riod. Brian remains active in many artistic en-deavors—including watercolor, oils, photog-raphy, and architectural design—which I un-derstand he plans to continue in his retire-ment. Brian also plans to use his well-de-served retirement to travel to Italy and spend more time with family (including his many nieces and nephews). As a devoted Baltimore sports fan, Brian has enjoyed the highs and suffered the lows of the local teams. He is a particularly avid fan of the Baltimore Orioles, and I am sure he ap-preciates the good start they are off to this year. I know from personal experience and obser-vation that Brian is the consummate profes-sional. Members and staff on both sides of the aisle know Brian to be committed to an orderly and accurate legislative process observed in a fair, nonpartisan manner. In this age of in-creasing polarization and legislative gridlock, Brian is a committed institutionalist. He is the rare individual consistently striving to continue the customs and traditions of the House, and committed to pass on his institutional knowl-edge to his successors. The House and the Congress will greatly miss Brian’s services, but we will greatly ben-efit from his work and legacy. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BRIAN C. COOPER 
HON. STEVE WOMACK 
OF ARKANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to Brian C. Cooper, who is retiring from the Office of the Parliamentarian after 35 I years on Capitol Hill. Brian is the son of Deloris and Ellsworth Cooper, and the youngest of seven children. He is a native of Baltimore, Maryland, and has lived in the city (in the same house he grew up in) for his entire life. Brian is a graduate of Frederick Douglass High School, whose nota-ble alumni include the Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall. Brian received a scholar-ship to the Community College of Baltimore (now Baltimore City Community College), where he received his degree in commercial and graphic arts. Brian’s first job on Capitol Hill came in Sep-tember of 1982, when he was hired in the stock room of the Longworth Building, working in Publication and Distribution Services. Throughout the 1980s and early 1990s, Brian held a variety of positions on Capitol Hill, in-cluding work at the House Post Office and , Document Room, before moving up to be-come staff assistant for the Small Business Committee and later the Government Oper-ations Committee. In these roles, Brian learned the intricacies of the legislative proc-ess and the inner workings of House oper-ations—skills that would serve him well when, in 1995, he was hired as an Assistant Clerk to the Parliamentarian. Brian would spend the next 22 years in the House Parliamentarian’s Office, and became Chief Clerk to the Parliamentarian in 2009. For over two decades, Brian has been a fixture at the House rostrum, dutifully assisting the pre-siding officer in timekeeping, recognizing Members on the floor, and preparing and re-viewing reams of legislative paperwork for the House. Brian has also prepared the House for joint meetings to receive foreign dignitaries and other guests, and joint sessions of the House, including state of the Union addresses. As clerk, Brian also supervised House ‘‘docu-mentarian’’ pages, and created the first com-puter network for the Parliamentarian. An accomplished artist, Brian remains active in his artistic endeavors, which run the gamut from pencil drawings, watercolors, and oils, to photography, and architectural design. His re-tirement will offer new opportunities to con-tinue these pursuits. His other retirement plans include travel and spending more time with family—including his numerous nieces and nephews. A devoted Baltimore sports fan, Brian will surely find his way to Camden Yards many times in the upcoming years to cheer on his beloved Orioles. A consummate professional, Brian has spent his career on Capitol Hill committed to assisting with an orderly and accurate legisla-tive process, observed in a fair and non-partisan manner. Brian is a quintessential in-stitutionalist, always striving to continue the traditions and customs of the House, and’ to pass on his institutional knowledge to others. The House of Representatives has known few individuals more dedicated to its proper func-tioning and legacy than Brian Cooper. 
f 
JUVENILE JUSTICE REFORM ACT OF 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. MARK DeSAULNIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 23, 2017 Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pledge my support for the Juvenile Justice Reform Act (H.R. 1809). As a former deputy probation officer with the Boston Juvenile Court, I have seen firsthand the benefits of providing core protections for the treatment of children, youth, and families in the justice system. When I was a Contra Costa County Supervisor in California, I saw the benefits from another perspective when our county received one of the first SafeFutures grants awarded by the federal government. The SafeFutures initiative en-couraged communities to tailor prevention, intervention, and treatment strategies to local needs. It was through this program that I had the opportunity to witness first-hand the posi-tive effects that supportive disciplinary prac-tices have on the at-risk population. I am pleased that the Juvenile Justice Re-form Act, like SafeFutures, brings together stakeholders to identify gaps in the continuum of services. Not only will these gaps be filled, but it also encourages finding cost-savings and efficiencies to keep initiatives schools es-tablish with the help of JJRA grants running after that funding is exhausted. I appreciate the work done by Chairwoman F
OXX and Ranking Member S COTT to make the Juvenile Justice Reform Act comprehen-sive and bipartisan. I strongly support this bill, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25MY8.001 E25MYPT1lotter on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE720 May 25, 2017 
which will help equip professionals with the supports they need to contribute positively to the lives of our youth. 
f 
HONORING DR. VALERIE PITTS 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Dr. Valerie Pitts on her retire-ment after a stellar 35-year career in public education, most recently as Superintendent of the Larkspur-Corte Madera School District for the past 12 years. Dr. Pitts dedicated her pro-fessional tenure to supporting and promoting quality public education. She is passionate about ensuring equity for students, a climate of inclusion, high academic standards, engag-ing curriculum, and an ethos of continuous im-provement. Born, raised, and educated in Larkspur, California, Dr. Pitts went on to earn a Bach-elor’s Degree in Music, a Master’s Degree in Education, and a Doctorate in Education with an emphasis in Organizational Leadership, all from Bay Area universities. She spent her educational career in Marin County, first as a teacher for eight years at San Rafael High School before moving into curriculum support and administration for the duration. In 2005, Dr. Pitts returned to her home district in Lark-spur where she spent the next dozen years. Throughout her tenure, Dr. Pitts shared her considerable educational experience, skills, and knowledge to amass a list of accomplish-ments that numerous students, families, and staff will enjoy for years to come. Among her many achievements, Dr. Pitts led the Larkspur-Corte Madera School District during a time of exponential growth in student enrollment, wherein she managed major facili-ties improvements funded by taxpayer dollars and created state-of-the-art learning environ-ments and curriculum for the district. This in-cluded the installation of a solar energy project that is projected to save the district $2 million over 20 years. While serving as Superintendent in the Lark-spur-Corte Madera School District, Dr. Pitts also acted as Superintendent for the Sausalito—Marin City School District during transitions in leadership. This generosity of spirit was extended to her fellow superintend-ents around the County and in other school districts through her work on the Joint Legisla-tive Advisory Committee and many other county leadership roles. Dr. Pitts’ legacy of professional and civic contributions will leave indelible benefits to Marin County for years to come. She is a stu-dent focused leader, whose commitment to equity and excellence in public education is outstanding. It is appropriate that she has been selected for many honors, including the prestigious Marin County’s 2017 Educator of the Year award as she retires from an excep-tional career in public education, at the Golden Bell Award Ceremony on May 25, 2017, and hosted by the San Rafael Elks Lodge No. 1108, Marin County School Boards Associa-tion, Marin Association of Superintendents, and Marin County Office of Education. Mr. Speaker, please join me in expressing deep appreciation for Dr. Pitts’ long and ex-traordinary professional service, congratulate her on being named the 2017 Educator of the Year, and extend to her best wishes on her retirement. f 
CELEBRATING THE VOLUNTEER EFFORTS IN IMPROVING THE AL-TOONA USPS CENTER 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate four talented young Pennsylvania students who volunteered their time and artis-tic abilities to the beautification of the Altoona Mail Processing Center. Portage Area High School students Makayla Klein, Christopher Hartline, Kaylee Koval, and Alexis Miller were selected by their instructor to design and paint a mural in the lobby of the postal center. They submitted several designs for consideration, and, upon selection, collabo-rated to carry out the chosen design. The de-sign that was selected by the postal center was a striking image of a bald eagle with wings spread and talons out. On the left wing is the emblem of the United States Postal Service, and on the right wing an American flag. On April 7th and 8th, 2017, Makayla, Chris-topher, Kaylee, and Alexis volunteered their time to complete the mural on the lobby wall of the postal center. The mural was dedicated to the hardworking men and women of the Al-toona Mail Processing Center, and their com-mitment to ensuring the efficient and accurate handling of our mail and postage. The stu-dents who carried out this tremendous project deserve nothing but our gratitude and admira-tion. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to thank Makayla, Christopher, Kaylee, and Alexis for their hand in the improvement of the Altoona Mail Processing Center. Congratulations on a job well done and for your beautiful contribu-tion which will be enjoyed by thousands in the community for years to come. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF COLLEEN CLARE GALLAGHER 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank and pay tribute to a long-time member of my team. Colleen Clare Gallagher first joined my team during my first campaign for Congress, back in 2010. She was an intern then, but she quickly proved her value and is today our Director of Operations, critically im-portant to every aspect of our office’s oper-ations and our team’s success. Colleen grew up in the 7th District. Her parents had seven daughters and raised them all in Havertown, Delaware County. More important than her professional talent and ability, to me and my entire team she’s become a valued and trusted friend, col-league, and leader. Mr. Speaker, in the coming weeks Colleen will be departing my office to embark upon a new chapter in her life. I wish her continued happiness and success for the future. f 
THANKING MATTHEW HERRMANN FOR TEN YEARS OF SERVICE TO THE UNITED STATES CONGRESS AND THE PEOPLE OF GUAM 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Matthew Herrmann for ten years of service to the people of Guam and the United States Congress. Over the last decade, Matt has served diligently in my office here in Washington, D.C. and he has been instru-mental to enacting numerous public policies that have benefitted my constituents in Guam and our nation as a whole. Matt joined my office in May of 2007 as my Military Legislative Assistant and he went on to become my Legislative Director and then Chief of Staff. He concurrently serves as an Adjunct Professor at American University here in Washington, D.C. where he teaches a course on the impact of technology on the American political system. Prior to joining my office, Matt was the Executive Officer to the Director at the National Guard Bureau Office of Legislative Liaison. During his time in my office, Matt has over-seen many legislative responsibilities and he has provided me with invaluable counsel in fulfilling my role as Guam’s only representative in Congress. He has been my key advisor on issues impacting our military, veterans, and foreign policy. I have especially appreciated his commitment to enhancing the role and resourcing of the National Guard, efforts for which his actions have been widely recog-nized. His guidance has also been critical to securing millions in dollars for Guam as well as ensuring that programs such as the realign-ment of Marines from Okinawa to Guam moves forward in a way that not only satisfies the Department of Defense’s needs, but also has a positive benefit to the people of Guam and the entire Asia-Pacific region. Matt was also instrumental to my success in including the Guam World War II Loyalty Rec-ognition Act as a provision of the FY17 Na-tional Defense Authorization Act, which was signed in to law by President Barack Obama on December 23, 2016 . This was historic leg-islation that finally authorized, after more than 70 years, the payment of claims to the patri-otic Chamorro Americans on Guam who en-dured brutal enemy occupation during World War II. Matt’s professionalism, understanding of the complexities of the legislative process, and personable demeanor have been critical to his successes here on the Hill and in turn helped me best represent people of Guam. Further, on a personal note, Matt has also been a close mentor and confidant to many current and former staff members and he was always willing to lend his personal and professional experiences to guide and direct them. He has fostered strong bipartisan relationships with Congressional staffers, officials in the Adminis-tration, as well as key stakeholders in the pri-vate and non-government industries, and he will be deeply missed here on Capitol Hill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25MY8.003 E25MYPT1lotter on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE721 May 25, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, Matt’s departure from my of-fice will leave a void that will be difficult to fill. I will miss his counsel and the light heartedness he brought to my office every day. I am proud of the growth and experi-ences that he has had while working on behalf of my constituents and the American people. So on behalf of the people of Guam, I extend my sincere un dangkulo na si Yu’os Ma’ase (with deepest gratitude) to him, and I wish him well as he begins this next chapter in his life. 
f 
SENIOR CORPS WEEK 
HON. BRENDAN F. BOYLE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, in honor of Senior Corps Week 2017, to recognize the extraor-dinary work being done by hundreds of thou-sands of seniors across this country through Senior Corps. Through its Foster Grandparent Program, Senior Companion Program, and nationwide RSVP volunteer programs, seniors are making a huge difference in the lives of millions. In my home state of Pennsylvania alone, these programs and the over 11,000 seniors that support them have provided tutoring and mentoring services to almost 4,000 students; helped 1,500 homebound seniors live inde-pendently through the Companion program; and supported the work of an additional 1,300 local organizations with their efforts. The RSVP program in particular, with instal-lations in my district in both Philadelphia and Montgomery County helps by counseling Medicare recipients, helping adults improve their literacy skills, mentoring at-risk youth, de-livering Meals on Wheels, staffing domestic hotlines, and so much more. Despite all the amazing work these pro-grams support, President Trump’s budget calls for the complete elimination of its parent orga-nization—the Corporation for National and Community Service. This makes no sense. Not only would doing so have almost no real impact on the federal budget—CNCS makes up less than three hun-dredths of 1 percent of total spending—it would be devastating blow to our seniors and communities. It is also completely inconsistent with the sense of service and civic duty on which our country is built. I call upon my colleagues to reject this harmful budget, and stand with me in support of the great work of Senior Corps. 
f 
HONORING BETSY A. CODY 
HON. GRACE F. NAPOLITANO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, we rise to honor the long career of public service pro-vided to the Congress of the United States by Betsy A. Cody of the Congressional Research Service. Mr. Speaker, there is no issue that Mem-bers of Congress disagree on more than west-ern water policy. The very complicated details of western water policy have the ability to not only divide us by party, but they divide us by state and even by regions within a state. One of the few things that all Western Mem-bers do agree on is our deep gratitude for the invaluable expertise we have received from Ms. Cody over the past 30 years. We are happy that she is moving on to a much de-served retirement this month, but we will greatly miss the reservoir of knowledge that she has provided to our offices. Betsy’s non-partisan research, analysis, and policy advice has been the foundation for the water debates and legislation that the Con-gress has produced over the past 30 years. Betsy’s talent is that she is able to break down these very complex issues involving historic water rights, agriculture, endangered species, infrastructure, precipitation patterns, interstate disagreements, federal programs, and many more intricate subjects quickly and concisely. Betsy is famous for her western water brief-ings for new Members and staff, her ‘‘In- Focus’’ fact sheets that simplify complex pieces of legislation, and the hundreds of in- depth research memos and reports that she has produced over the years. Betsy’s best trait, which is something she shares with her colleagues at the Congres-sional Research Service, is that her research and advice is not political or biased. Betsy is trusted by both sides of the aisle for being fair and impartial, which has been demonstrated in her five times testifying before committees in both houses. Mr. Speaker, Ms. Cody exemplifies what Adams, Jefferson, and later La Follette had envisioned when they created the Library of Congress and the Legislative Reference Serv-ice in order to provide Members with expert research and analysis to inform our legislative work. Betsy has been an invaluable resource to us, our staff, and those of numerous other Members. We will not only miss her knowl-edge, but we will also miss her kindness. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of Mr. CALVERT of California and myself, we ask our colleagues to join us in congratulating Betsy A. Cody on her retirement, and thanking her for her long career of public service to the Congress and to our country. 
f 
HONORING THE RETIREMENT OF CAPTAIN JON D. PEPPETTI, JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL’S CORPS, U.S. NAVY 
HON. KEITH J. ROTHFUS 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Captain Jon D. Peppetti, who is retiring after 22 years of service to our nation with the Judge Advocate General’s Corps in the United States Navy. Captain Peppetti was born in Johnstown, Pennsylvania, grew up primarily in Cresson, Pennsylvania, and attended Bishop Carroll High School in Ebensburg, Pennsyl-vania. He graduated Phi Beta Kappa from the University of Notre Dame in May 1992. He later earned a J.D. from the University of Pitts-burgh School of Law, and an LL.M. in Inter-national and Comparative Law from the George Washington University Law School. In 1995, Captain Peppetti began his dedi-cated service to our nation as a commissioned officer in the U.S. Navy. During the next 22 years, Captain Peppetti served in a wide vari-ety of roles throughout the United States and overseas. His assignments included Naval Legal Service Office Southeast; Navy Recruit-ing Command; Amphibious Group Three; Naval Legal Service Office Europe and South-west Asia; Amphibious Squadron Four de-ployed onboard USS Wasp (LHD 1); Carrier Strike Group Twelve deployed onboard USS Enterprise (CVN 65); Navy Office of Legisla-tive Affairs; U.S. Naval Forces Southern Com-mand/U.S. Fourth Fleet; and Naval Supply Systems Command. He also served as Dep-uty Executive Assistant to the Judge Advocate General of the Navy, and as a White House Social Aide in support of the President and First Lady. He concluded his career as Legal Counsel to the Chief of Naval Personnel. Captain Peppetti’s expertise and under-standing of the complexities of the law of the sea and the law of armed conflict directly en-hanced the ability of the U.S. Navy to fulfill its missions throughout the world. As the U.S. Navy confronted myriad diverse challenges, he delivered sage counsel to senior leaders and warfighters that facilitated our nation’s ability to conduct naval operations. His pro-found knowledge and experience greatly con-tributed to our national security. For his outstanding service to our nation, Captain Peppetti earned numerous awards, in-cluding the Legion of Merit, Meritorious Serv-ice Medal, Navy Commendation Medal, and Navy Achievement Medal. I commend Captain Peppetti for his commit-ment to our country and the sacrifices he made on its behalf. On the occasion of his re-tirement from the U.S. Navy, I thank him and his family for his honorable service to our na-tion and wish him fair winds and following seas as he concludes a distinguished career. f 
HONORING THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE NATIONAL ASSO-CIATION OF FEDERALLY-IN-SURED CREDIT UNIONS 
HON. EDWARD R. ROYCE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to recognize the 50th anniversary of the National Association of Federally-In-sured Credit Unions (NAFCU), one of the most effective trade associations advocating on behalf of the nation’s federally-insured credit unions. In 1966, around 50 credit union leaders came together in Los Angeles to explore how to better have their interests addressed at the federal level and the possibility of creating a trade association located in our nation’s cap-ital to meet that need. That idea took root and NAFCU was formed as the National Associa-tion of Federal Credit Unions in April of 1967. Soon thereafter NAFCU was the first national credit union trade association to be headquartered in the Washington, D.C., area. Since its inception, NAFCU has steadily grown in size and expanded its team, rep-resenting now over 800 credit unions and em-ploying over 60 individuals, and even updating its name to the National Association of Feder-ally-Insured Credit Unions earlier this year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K25MY8.004 E25MYPT1lotter on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE722 May 25, 2017 
Most importantly NAFCU’s influential presence has not gone unnoticed and the association has become well-known for its ability to iden-tity, examine, and represent issues of concern to federally-insured credit unions before Con-gress. NAFCU has crossed many milestones in its 50 years, from the enactment of the National Credit Union Share Insurance Fund (NCUSIF) to the passage of the Credit Union Member-ship Access Act in 1998. In recent years, they have been at the forefront in fighting for regu-latory relief for our nation’s credit unions. As a Member of Congress, I have had the pleasure of working with NAFCU on numerous occa-sions, working to provide regulatory relief and take on crucial issues impacting our credit unions. I congratulate NAFCU on its 50th an-niversary and I look forward to working with them in the future. 
f 
TAYLOR SANDER BBQ CHAMPION 
HON. FRANCIS ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate 14-year- old Taylor Sanders on her tremendous achievement in winning the ‘‘Kids BBQ Cham-pionship’’ on the Food Network. I am delighted that she represented our Naples, Florida, com-munity in front of a national audience with ex-cellent cooking skills and selfless character. The $10,000 reward for her victory is well deserved for all of her hard work. She is a very considerate and mature young person, as illustrated by her donating a portion of her re-ward to a charity, Take a Soldier Fishing. This is a wonderful organization and I am proud that she chose to honor our soldiers. Taylor’s barbeque skills and generosity show sophistication beyond her years. I know that our Southwest Florida community is ex-tremely grateful for her contributions. 
f 
CARLYLE LAKE 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge the 50th Anniversary of Carlyle Lake in Clinton County in my home state of Il-linois. The thought of Carlyle Lake was created due to the extreme flooding caused by the Kaskaskia River. A group of men residing in the area decided to create the Kaskaskia River Valley Project in 1933. This project then led to the idea of a man-made lake. The Flood Control Act of 1938 granted authorization for the construction of what eventually became Carlyle Lake. Due to the commencement of World War II the original construction plan was put to a halt. In 1950, after the war subsided, attorney Eldon E. Hazlet took interest in the construc-tion of the lake. He formed the Kaskaskia Val-ley Association, whose member’s sole pur-pose was to convince the public for the need of a lake. After gaining enough public support, the Army Corps of Engineers made a revised plan of construction for the lake. Twenty years after the date of the original authorization; the Federal government signed off on the con-struction of Carlyle Lake in 1958. The Carlyle Lake Project was completed in April 1967, and the dam was dedicated in June of the same year. Over the years Carlyle Lake has become a popular attraction for those in the area as well as for tourists. Visitors can enjoy the scenery, lie on the beach, or rent a boat out to coast on the water. The creation of this lake has al-lowed the economy to prosper. It has also led to the creation of the Eldon Hazlet State Park; they named this park after him because of his leadership in the advancement of Carlyle Lake. Tourists and townspeople can fish, camp, and hike in this state park. The City of Carlyle has planned a celebra-tion of the Lakes’ 50th year. The celebration will begin on June 9th and go through the 11th. Throughout the weekend visitors can enjoy a carnival, music festival, vintage car show, and much more. The weekend will come to a close with a commemoration cere-mony for Carlyle Lake. I ask that we all join in that celebration as we pay tribute to the history and the people who made Carlyle Lake. I salute Carlyle Lake on its 50th Anniversary. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF EZELL AGNEW FOR HIS LIFETIME OF SERVICE TO THE YPSILANTI COMMUNITY 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ezell Agnew for his lifetime of serv-ice on behalf of the Ypsilanti community. Mr. Agnew’s work with Washtenaw Community College, the Perry Childhood Learning Center, and the City of Ypsilanti has helped make the city a great place to live and is worthy of com-mendation. Mr. Agnew began working as a groundskeeper at Washtenaw Community Col-lege on the day that it opened in 1966. For over 40 years, Mr. Agnew was a friendly pres-ence around the college who labored tirelessly to ensure that the grounds remained well-kept and clean. In addition to his career at WCC, Mr. Agnew also collaborated with the City of Ypsilanti to clean up the downtown area and provide assistance to the city as a volunteer and part-time employee. Since his retirement with WCC, Mr. Agnew has selflessly volun-teered his time to beautify and maintain the Perry Early Childhood Learning Center’s school grounds. He also tends to Perry’s com-munity garden and is well-known around the school for his dedication to this role. This has helped create a positive learning environment for Perry’s students. Mr. Agnew’s outstanding efforts on behalf of the Ypsilanti community have helped beautify the city for decades. Additionally, his positive attitude and kind-hearted nature has made him a beloved figure in the community, and the support from students and staff of the Perry Early Childhood Learning Center under-scores the impact that his actions and volun-teer work has had on the city and its resi-dents. His proactive work in helping the City of Ypsilanti and its schools is emblematic of Mr. Agnew’s personality, and it is my hope that he continues his efforts on behalf of the commu-nity in the coming years. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Ezell Agnew for his lifetime of work and support of Ypsilanti and its resi-dents. Mr. Agnew has helped make Ypsilanti a great place to live for generations of individ-uals. f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE NUCLEAR CRUISE MISSILE RECONSIDER-ATION ACT OF 2017 AND THE SMARTER APPROACH TO NU-CLEAR EXPENDITURES ACT 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, today I am introducing two pieces of legislation, along with Senator M
ARKEY in the Senate, that bring us closer to a more rational U.S. nuclear pos-ture. The Nuclear Cruise Missile Reconsideration Act of 2017 would limit Department of Defense and Department of Energy spending on the next generation air-launched nuclear cruise missile (ALCM), known as the Long Range Standoff weapon (LRSO), until the Trump ad-ministration submits a Nuclear Posture Review to Congress. The Air Force plans to replace 575 existing ALCMs with 1,000 or more LRSOs. The total cost to build this missile and life-extend its warhead (known as the W80–4) is projected at $20–30 billion. The Smarter Approach to Nuclear Expendi-tures (SANE) Act would enable the U.S. to maintain a strong nuclear deterrent without shortchanging combat readiness and oper-ations by strategically sizing our nuclear weap-ons programs. This bill would save us more than $100 billion over 10 years by dialing back redundant nuclear weapons systems. Current U.S. nuclear weapons planning calls for spending $400 billion over the next decade and at least $1 trillion over the next 30 years to maintain and recapitalize our entire arsenal. This escalation would build a nuclear force far exceeding what the Pentagon and security ex-perts have said is necessary to meet our na-tional security objectives. We are headed down an unsustainable path. Our all-the-above approach to recapital-izing every leg of the nuclear triad will inevi-tably push out Army, Navy, and Air Force con-ventional priorities, including what we need to counter terrorism and protect our servicemembers. We have to make some tough decisions for the sake of fiscal stability, and these bills are a step in the right direction. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MY8.008 E25MYPT1lotter on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE723 May 25, 2017 
RECOGNIZING FATHER LEWIS BROWN 
HON. TOM REED 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-gratulate Father Lewis Brown on the 50th An-niversary of his ordination and recognize his 22 years of service as a United States Navy Chaplain. Father Lew grew up in Elmira, New York as a member of St. Mary’s Southside Parish. After graduating from Elmira Notre Dame High School, he attended St. Andrew’s Theological College and Seminary and St. Bernard’s School of Theology and Ministry. In 1967, Father Lew was ordained by Bishop Fulton J. Sheen at Sacred Heart Ca-thedral in Rochester, New York. He worked in different parishes and churches for more than 15 years, until beginning his tenure as a chap-lain in the United States Navy in 1985. During his time in the Navy, Father Lew encouraged sailors and aviators with his kind spirit and strong faith. He served all around the globe, from Okinawa, Japan to Arlington National Cemetery in Virginia. Since retiring from active duty in 2007, Fa-ther Lew has worked in both the Rochester Di-ocese and my family’s church—the All Saints Parish in Corning, New York. He has had a profoundly positive impact on my life and I am constantly reminded of one particular piece of advice that he gave me several years ago: ‘‘Trust in the Lord; you propose, He’ll dis-pose.’’ Father Lew has made our local community a better place by working with various organi-zations, including Catholic Charities USA and Big Brothers Big Sisters of America. In addi-tion, he continues to serve his fellow veterans by devoting his time to the Bath VA Medical Center. In recognition of his outstanding serv-ice and commitment to Catholic school edu-cation, Father Lew received the Seton Neu-mann Award from All Saints Academy in 2013. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratu-lating Father Lewis Brown on the 50th Anni-versary of his ordination and thanking him for his years of service to our country and local community. 
f 
HONORING DIANE PATRICK ELEMENTARY SCHOOL 
HON. MARC A. VEASEY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Diane Patrick Elementary School in the Arlington Independent School District for their recognition as a ‘‘Capturing Kids’ Hearts Na-tional Showcase School’’ for the 2016–2017 academic year. Diane Patrick Elementary School opened in August 2015 with the aim of ensuring that its students were provided exceptional learning opportunities in a safe and emotionally sup-portive learning environment. From its incep-tion, Diane Patrick Elementary’s campus was designed with the students’ interests at the forefront. Prior to its construction, school leaders per-formed extensive research on which program to implement, examining the most successful programs at the highest performing schools across the country. The leaders at Diane Pat-rick Elementary School ultimately chose to work with the Flippen Group to bring their ‘‘Capturing Kids Hearts’’ program to its cam-pus. As a part of the program, teachers and staff use innovative methods that increase stu-dents’ connectedness with both peers and adults on campus, and create an environment where students are excited to learn. For its dedication to the ‘‘Capturing Kids Hearts’’ program, Diane Patrick Elementary earned national recognition as a ‘‘Capturing Kids’ Hearts National Showcase Schools’’ award recipient for the 2016–2017 school year from the Flippen Group. Showcase schools were selected based on how well the schools implemented their processes as well as dem-onstrating progress in attendance, discipline, climate/culture, and academics. As part of the selection process, a Flippen group team vis-ited each nominated campus to gather data and perform interviews. A survey was per-formed to get feedback on the climate and cul-ture of the campus, as well as its conducive-ness to learning. I honor Diane Patrick Elementary School for their outstanding dedication to creating a safe and emotionally supportive learning environ-ment. f 
FORT BEND SCHOOLS WIN EXCEL-LENCE IN EDUCATION AWARDS 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Fort Bend Independent School District (ISD) of Sugar Land, TX, for winning up to $70,000 at the H-E-B Excel-lence in Education Awards. The Fort Bend ISD Board of Trustees won $25,000 for the school boards award, while a teacher and a principal were also awarded for their leadership. Richard Embrick of David Crockett Middle School won the Rising Star Award, which recognizes teachers with less than 10 years of experience and awards $5,000 for the winner and a $5,000 grant for the school. Julie Diaz of Travis High School won the award for secondary school principal and received $10,000 for herself and a $25,000 grant for her school as well. Fort Bend ISD took home $70,000 of the $430,000 awarded at the ceremony. The winners are selected out of 58 finalists by a panel of judges comprised of school administrators and university and community leaders. Great job Fort Bend ISD! On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Fort Bend ISD for winning $70,000 at the H-E-B Excellence in Education Awards. Our children benefit from their commitment to edu-cation and we appreciate their hard work. RECOGNIZING GARY PICHON’S BIKE RIDE HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Gary Pichon, who just completed a 3,000-mile bike ride around our country. Gary set out on a mission, not for the thrill of ride, but to see what he could learn about the landscape and people of our great nation. As he mapped a course across the states, Gary soaked up the beauty of America’s cityscapes and countrysides. In the towns that he traveled through, peo-ple were kind and ready to work. He also noted the plight of rural Americans, who are resilient and strong and often underappre-ciated, Mr. Speaker, I echo Mr. Pichon’s respect for the hardworking Americans who give our na-tion enduring character. Mr. Pichon and I call northeast Georgia home and could not ask for better neighbors in a finer nation. Gary’s ride from coast to coast serves as a reminder of the diversity that makes our nation beautiful and the unassuming kindness that fuels our nation’s endurance. 
f 
HONORING ALAN M CGRAW 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I cele-brate the extraordinary work of my friend Alan McGraw, mayor of my home of Round Rock, Texas. On May 25, he will step down after three successful terms leading this growing and dynamic Central Texas city. Mayor McGraw’s devotion to public service has made Round Rock a great place to live and work. He focused on bringing jobs to the area, prioritized keeping citizens safe through support of public safety officials, and improved transportation and quality of life for the citizens of Round Rock. From planned resorts to a downtown revitalization project to a state-of- the-art convention center, Round Rock has become a city on the cutting edge of urban development. Round Rock has benefitted from Mayor McGraw’s love of the outdoors. His connection with the owners of Bass Pro Shops brought the retail giant to Round Rock, further strengthening the local economy. McGraw’s forward-thinking leadership resulted in the construction of the Round Rock Sports Center which has entrenched the City as the Sports Capital of Texas, further diversifying Round Rock’s position in sports tourism. While effective city leadership isn’t easy, Texans aren’t afraid of a challenge and Mayor McGraw has embraced every opportunity, no matter how daunting, to improve Round Rock. He shepherded the city through recent eco-nomic downturns and has worked tirelessly to inject realism to regional transit planning. His leadership has been a reflection of the very best values of the Lone Star State. While McGraw isn’t tired of the privilege of leading Round Rock, he knows that everything 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25MY8.007 E25MYPT1lotter on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE724 May 25, 2017 
has its season and that it’s time to allow the next generation of leaders to take the stage. Retirement from office won’t give him much idle time. He’ll fill his days at his law practice, start up an archery retail business, and spend time with his beloved wife Kathy and two chil-dren. Mayor Alan McGraw has done what all pub-lic servants are elected to do: put the needs of the people first. He’s led Round Rock to new heights and positioned my home town to continue its progress into a bright future. I sa-lute his leadership, congratulate him on his re-tirement, and wish him nothing but the best for the years ahead. 
f 
HONORING WILLIAM PETITE ON HIS RETIREMENT AFTER MORE THAN 17 YEARS OF SERVICE TO OUR NATION 
HON. SCOTT PERRY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, today I offer my sincere congratulations to my constituent, Wil-liam Petite, on his upcoming retirement after more than 11 years of federal civilian service and 6 years of military service. Mr. Petite began his service to our Nation in 1969, when he enlisted in the U.S. Marine Corps to serve in the Vietnam War, during which he earned, among other decorations, the Purple Heart. He later enlisted in the U.S. Army and served as a Non-Commissioned Of-ficer on armored vehicles until his discharge in 1981. Mr. Petite later began working with tracked vehicles as a mechanic, supervisor, and in quality control with Boeing. He subsequently worked with Northrop-Grumman and Letterkenny Army Depot until 2009, when he accepted a position as a Quality Assurance Specialist with the Defense Contract Manage-ment Agency (DCMA) working out of BAE in York, Pennsylvania. Mr. Petite’s workload focused on the Brad-ley Fighting Vehicle ACAT–1 program; specifi-cally, he aided in the initial development and updates to the Bradley program surveillance plan. His colleagues describe him as a dedi-cated, persistent, and outstanding leader who took great pride in supporting the customer, the Warfighter, and contributing to the defense of our Nation. On behalf of Pennsylvania’s Fourth Con-gressional District, I thank and congratulate William Petite on his service to our Nation and wish his family continued great success in the years to come. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE OPENING OF THE AMAZING WORLD OF DR. SEUSS 
HON. RICHARD E. NEAL 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this opportunity to include in the R
ECORD enti- tled ‘‘Oh, the places you’ll go when visiting the new Seuss museum’’ that was published in the Boston Globe on May 25, 2017. This arti-cle comes ahead of the grand opening of The Amazing World of Dr. Seuss in Springfield, Massachusetts this June. This impressive mu-seum honors the legendary work of Springfield native Theodor Geisel, better known to the world as Dr. Seuss. Geisel inspired genera-tions of children and adults with his stories that have become iconic in American folklore. Mr. Speaker, I hope that everyone will have the chance to visit this exemplary place and enjoy the marvels that Dr. Seuss created. [From the Boston Globe, May 25, 2017] O
H, THEPLACES YOU’LLGOWHENVISTING  
THENEWSEUSS MUSEUM  (By James Sullivan) S
PRINGFIELD .—Theodor Geisel loved his fa-ther, but he was a practical man. Not for him your fantastic tales of elephants and giraffes and a brass band, as the boy daydreams in Geisel’s first children’s book, ‘‘And To Think That I Saw It on Mulberry Street.’’ The boy in the tale, inspired by Geisel’s childhood, tells his father the truth: He’d seen a plain old horse and wagon. Geisel—better known by his pen name, Dr. Seuss—may have had to leave this horse- and-wagon town, the place where he was born in 1904, to free the full potential of his extravagant imagination. Yet throughout his life the Springfield of his youth remained a touchstone. Now, 15 years after the city unveiled its Dr. Seuss National Memorial Sculpture Gar-den at the Springfield Museums, crews are scrambling to put the finishing touches on the Amazing World of Dr. Seuss, the first museum dedicated to the life and work of the revered children’s author and illustrator. Opening on the first weekend of June, it’s not on the real Mulberry Street, but it’s just a few blocks away. ‘‘He left here at a certain age, but this was always his hometown, make no mistake,’’ said Leagrey Dimond one of Geisel’s two stepdaughters from Audrey Stone Dimond, his second wife. Dimond was in Springfield recently to help set up the museum displays, which include a recreation of Geisel’s cozy living-room workspace in the family’s hill-top home in La Jolla, Calif. ‘‘This was our soapdish,’’ Dimond said, holding up one artifact as she led a group of sneakpeekers through the galleries. The Seuss museum will be housed in the William Pynchon Memorial Building, a two- story stone-block Georgian colonial located on the Springfield Museums quad, in the former home of the local history museum. Inside, the rooms feature expertly rendered murals from Seuss’s books, painted by a team of UMass honors-college students under the direction of artist John Simpson. There are oversize figures from his books and a tribute to Geisel’s childhood home in Spring-field, and the second floor walls will be lined with one-of-a-kind Seuss artworks, many of them doodled specifically for his step-daughters. ‘‘You never knew when he’d come in and drop a little something on your bed,’’ re-called Dimond, 59, who owns a small book-store in San Francisco. Her sister, Lark Grey Dimond-Cates, is the sculptor who designed the memorial garden on the lawn in the quad, which includes bronze statues of the Lorax, Horton the Elephant, the Cat in the Hat, and other famous Seuss creations. ‘‘People ask where he got his ideas from,’’ said Dimond, who was 10 years old when her mother married her ‘‘step-pop.’’ ‘‘Who knows? What matters is they were there.’’ Geisel, who had no biological children, had pet names for his stepdaughters. He called Dimond ‘‘Lee Groo,’’ or ‘‘Snunny.’’ (He dedi-cated his book of tongue-twisters, ‘‘Oh Say Can You Say?,’’to ‘‘Lee Groo, the Enun-ciator.’’) But for all of the wacky wordplay for which he was renowned, Geisel was also a vo-racious reader of books for grown-ups. He loved a good mystery, Dimond recalled, and ‘‘he could recite from memory entire pieces of Shakespeare.’’ She fully expects the museum to attract plenty of adults who are just as enthralled as the children. ‘‘As you grow older, you love him in more and more ways,’’ she said. Simpson, the art director (who is married to the president of the Springfield Museums, Kay Simpson), said it’s been a joy for him to bring the pages of Seuss’s books to life on the walls of the museum. As a Springfield native whose favorite story growing up was ‘‘Yertle the Turtle,’’ ‘‘it’s been the greatest honor to lose myself in his lines and marks,’’ he said. Each room is a new immersion. The yellow walls of Geisel’s home studio are the same yellow they were in La Jolla, said painting contractor Walt Reynolds, who was on his hands and knees on a drop cloth, finishing the trim. The ceiling in the basement, which will be a children’s activity room, will be painted purple, he said. All the walls will be coated with polyurethane, for easy cleanup. ‘‘My grandkids are dying to come in,’’ said Reynolds. ‘‘Hopefully my grandkids’ grandkids will see this.’’ Until now, Dimond has been reluctant to call attention to her place in Geisel’s life. She did name her bookstore Thidwick, after the ‘‘Big-Hearted Moose’’ of the 1948 Dr. Seuss book. But it’s one of his lesser-known works. With the opening of the museum, it was time to ensure that the Dr. Seuss legacy will have its permanent home, she said: ‘‘I emptied out my house. I kept one lamp, a blue sheep, and a couple of pictures.’’ She’s never felt the need to speak publicly about the private life of her step-pop. Any-thing you need to know about what he was like in person is contained in the books, she said. ‘‘The kindness, the warmth, the wit, the sense of fun—it’s all there. He can absolutely speak for himself.’’ f 
NEIL ETSON 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Neil Etson, a World War II veteran, as well as a small business owner and entre-preneur in Southern Illinois for over 50 years. He is being honored by the Rotary Club of Richland County for his service during World War II, where he served honorably as a Staff Sergeant with the 766th Military Police Bat-talion. After the War, Neil made a home for him and his family in Olney, IL, where he founded an energy company, Etson Oil Corporation. Etson Oil Corporation operated successfully for over 50 years and provided many jobs in his community. Neil has been very involved in the energy sector as a Board Member of the Canadian Oil Corporation, a Steering Com-mittee Member for the American Association of Petroleum Geologists, and on the Com-mittee on National Preservation Drake Well Museum in Titusville, Pennsylvania. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:56 Aug 22, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\RECORD17\MAY\E25MY7.REC E25MY7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE725 May 25, 2017 
Neil has continued to serve his country, church, and community throughout his many years in Southern Illinois. He has been active on the Richland County Board, the City of Olney Zoning Board, and a member of the Richland County Development Corporation. He is also the author of two children’s books. Neil and his wife of 66 years, Frances, have three children and ten grandchildren. I would like to thank Neil for his service to his country and commend him on a lifetime of dedication to his community. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOSEPH CARVALHO 
HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and pay tribute to an extraordinary man, Joseph John ‘‘Joe’’ Carvalho. Joseph passed away on May 22, 2017 at the age of 88. A resident of Hacienda Heights, California, he was a pillar of the community and will be deeply missed. Joe was born on June 3, 1928, in Tiverton, Rhode Island and grew up in North Dighton, Massachusetts. He served in the Navy for two years and obtained the rank of Engineerman Third Class while working in a POW camp in World War II. In 1951, he enrolled in the Mas-sachusetts Maritime Academy where he re-ceived his degree in Marine Engineering. Upon graduation, he served with the Merchant Marines for two years. Joe married the love of his life Audrey Enos on November 21, 1953. They moved to Cali-fornia and welcomed the birth of their children: Catherine, Cynthia, Barry, Pamela, and Janet. He worked for the Department of Water and Power for 33 years as an Electrical Engineer. At 55, Joe retired and worked for the 1984 Los Angeles Olympics Organizing Committee while also maintaining his own real estate business. He was a founding member of Saint John Vianney Parish and was a dedicated usher and volunteer. He was a dedicated Red Sox fan and was able to see his dreams real-ized with the 2004, 2007, and 2013 World Se-ries Championships. Joe’s greatest joy was his family. He became known as Poppi to his five grandchildren: Danielle, Tara, Nicole, Hope Willard, and Brennan Carvalho, and two great grandchildren: Emma and Quinn Massari. On Friday, May 26, 2017, a memorial hon-oring Joe’s extraordinary life will be held in Hacienda Heights, CA. Joe will always be re-membered for his incredible work ethic, gen-erosity, contributions to the community and love of family. His dedication to his family, work, and community are a testament to a life lived well and a legacy that will continue. I ex-tend my condolences to Joe’s family and friends. Although Joe may be gone, the light and goodness he brought to the world remain and will never be forgotten. CHILD PROTECTION BILLS HON. LISA BLUNT ROCHESTER 
OF DELAWARE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1842, 1862 and 1761. While I support these bills, I do not sup-port the mandatory minimum requirements in them. As a mother I constantly worry about the wellbeing of my children, and as a legislator I am concerned about the wellbeing of all our nation’s children. These bills are very well meaning and I thank my colleagues for all the hard work done on them. No one here wants to see a child sexually assaulted or abused. Violence against children can have long last-ing physical and emotional effects on a child. These bills go a long way and making sure those who commit these heinous crimes are punished. While these bills address important issues and help to further protect our children, the mandatory minimum provisions are concerning to me. These bills would expand the number of individuals subject to mandatory minimums. Mandatory minimums are an unfair one size fits all solution that often do not take into ac-count circumstances of a crime. Drug related mandatory minimums have led to increased prison population. Many of these people were given harsh and overly punitive prison time. We should not be looking for ways to increase the use of mandatory minimums, but ways to return discretion to judges. Congress should not be legislating sen-tencing. This discretion should be left in the hands of judges. Judges are able to adapt sentences to fit the individual circumstances of particular crimes and offenders. My hope is that we are able to work together to protect our nation’s children and give our judges the judicial discretion they need when it comes to sentencing those convicted in a court of law. 
f 
HONORING THE TOURISM INDUSTRY 
HON. NEAL P. DUNN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor an industry that is recognized nation-wide during the first full week of May, but rec-ognized locally in my district by the Bay Coun-ty Chamber of Commerce during the entire month of May: travel and tourism. If tourism is the body, then our visitors are the blood sustaining life. From our award-win-ning restaurants and warm and welcoming hospitality businesses, to our entertainment events featuring world-renowned artists and the alluring charms of small town life, each and every member of the tourism industry is critical to making our communities thrive. I commend you for your work and am thankful for your contributions to making our commu-nities an incredible place to call home. INTRODUCTION OF THE COMMIS-SION ON AMERICANS LIVING ABROAD ACT OF 2017 HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, there are an estimated 8 million constituents scattered across the world who promote our culture and values while strength-ening our nation’s global influence as they live and work abroad. For years, I have worked to ensure that overseas Americans can fully ex-ercise their rights as U.S. citizens by having their voices heard loud and clear by Congress. Eight years ago, I formed the Congressional Americans Abroad Caucus because I wanted to bring awareness and focus to the concerns of those residing abroad. U.S. citizens remain just that, citizens, regardless of where they choose to live and should not be ignored by virtue of residence. Our constituents living and working abroad have consistently voiced concerns about the impact federal policies have on them like vot-ing, immigration, access to financial institu-tions, and taxation. The time has come to comprehensively study and address the ef-fects of federal policies on Americans living overseas. That is why today I am reintroducing the Commission on Americans Living Abroad Act, which creates an Executive Commission with the main purpose of examining those con-cerns. The Commission creates a 10 member panel to examine the impact of federal policy-making on U.S. citizens abroad. The resulting study would then be used by Congress and the Executive Branch when considering the best steps we can take to engage the abroad community and ensure their voices are heard. This process will bring clearer awareness of the federal issues impacting Americans abroad and will open a path for coordination with those communities towards more robust representation. Each of our constituents has a right to have their interests represented and to have a role in the political process. The Commission on Americans Living Abroad would establish a foundation from which we can work to better serve the needs of our global constituents. I welcome and urge my colleagues to lend their support to this bill. 
f 
IN HONOR OF MEMORIAL DAY 
HON. JOYCE BEATTY 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, next week, on May 29, 2017, our nation will celebrate Memo-rial Day, a day of remembrance for those who have died in service of the United States. We set aside this day to pay solemn tribute to the patriots who gave their last full measure of devotion for this country that we love. Let us honor and remember our servicemen and women who answered America’s call to service and paid the ultimate price to keep us here at home safe. We honor their loved ones. Mothers. Fa-thers. Sisters. Brothers. Sons. Daughters. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25MY8.014 E25MYPT1lotter on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE726 May 25, 2017 
Friends. We thank you for your sacrifice as well. As a grateful nation, we have an obligation and a duty to be there for those who provided the ultimate sacrifice, and for their brothers and sisters in service. Let us never forget our obligation to provide our troops the tools they need to carry out their mission; to care for all those who have served; to honor all those whom we’ve lost; to keep faith with our military families; to never stop searching for those who are missing, or trying to bring home our prisoners of war. May God bless our fallen heroes and their families and all who serve in the United States Armed Forces. 
f 
HONORING DR. DONALD F. BOESCH 
HON. STENY H. HOYER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay trib-ute to an outstanding environmental conserva-tionist and researcher in my home state of Maryland. Dr. Donald F. Boesch has served as the President of the University of Maryland Center for Environmental Science (UMCES) since 1990, and he will be retiring from that position later this year. Throughout his tenure, UMCES has led the charge to study and con-serve our state’s natural environments, par-ticularly the Chesapeake Bay and its water-shed. UMCES has its roots in a small research laboratory opened at the mouth of the Patux-ent River in the Chesapeake Bay in 1925, and was relaunched under its current name and mission in 1997 to provide undergraduate and graduate students with hands-on learning and internships in marine biology, ecology, and en-vironmental subjects. With five locations across the State of Maryland, from its original site in Solomons Island in Calvert County to laboratories in the Appalachians, Baltimore, College Park, and Cambridge on the Eastern Shore, UMCES forms a critical part of the Uni-versity System of Maryland’s commitment to research and to training the next generation of environmental scientists. Its hundred faculty members are conducting ground-breaking re-search and teaching UMCES’s eighty-five graduate students. Alongside UMCES’s academic mission, it also fulfills a public policy role with its faculty advising policymakers in Maryland and in the federal government. UMCES scientists have been instrumental in calling attention to the challenges facing the Chesapeake Bay and its watershed and in proposing ways to clean up this regional and national treasure. Under Dr. Boesch’s leadership, UMCES has been espe-cially active in raising awareness about the Chesapeake and its importance to regional ecosystems and supporting our regional econ-omy. Dr. Boesch began his career by earning his undergraduate degree in biology from Tulane University in his native New Orleans. Later, he received his doctorate in oceanography from the College of William and Mary in Virginia. He spent time in Australia on a Fulbright scholarship before conducting research at the Virginia Institute of Marine Science. In 1980, Dr. Boesch returned to New Orleans to be-come the inaugural Executive Director of the Louisiana Universities Marine Consortium and to teach marine science at Louisiana State University. He came to Maryland in 1990 to lead UMCES and now caps a very successful tenure of twenty-seven years at the helm. Dur-ing that time, Dr. Boesch advised Maryland governors from both parties, has been as a member of the Governor’s Chesapeake Bay Cabinet, and has served on the Maryland Commission on Climate Change. In 2010, President Obama appointed him to the Na-tional Commission on the BP Deepwater Hori-zon Oil Spill and Offshore Drilling. He has served as Chair of the Ocean Studies Board for the National Academy of Sciences and is the author of two books and dozens of schol-arly papers. The people of Maryland have been so fortu-nate to have Dr. Boesch leading UMCES these past twenty-seven years. We have been blessed to have his intellect, his dedication, and his wise leadership benefiting our stu-dents and our researchers. All those who treasure the Chesapeake owe Dr. Boesch much gratitude for his contributions to pre-serving the Bay and its watershed. I join in congratulating him on a very successful tenure and in wishing him well as he prepares to step down later this year. 
f 
COMMENDING 2017 HIGH SCHOOL GRADUATES ENLISTED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMED FORCES 
HON. A. DONALD McEACHIN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. M
CEACHIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize greater Richmond area high school seniors who plan to enlist in the United States Armed Forces following graduation. These stu-dents have demonstrated an extraordinary commitment to scholastic achievement. It is with profound enthusiasm I commend the fol-lowing student leaders on the selfless choice to answer our Nation’s call to service: Adams, Solomon; Bailey, James; Bontilao, Domenique; Broughton, Adam; Delao, Natty; Flournoy, Paul; Gascott, Andrew; Hall, Liam; Herrera, Jordy; Johnson, Forrest; Jones, Savion; Lewis, Antonique; Lindsay, David; McClain, Lakeeya; McCullers, Orlando; McGriffin, John; Monteeria, Darius; Saddler, Kioni; Sauvager, Alexandra; Gordon, Shamai; Smith, Robert III; Taylor, Gabriel; Turner, Na-thaniel; Viera, Sabrina; Whiting, Shamon; Wil-liams, Fat Tae; Wilson, Armone; Witherspoon, Kendell; Woods, Ashley; Wren, David; Wynn, Kahli; Aggabao, Richard; Barba, Rigoberto; Barquero, Iyan; Briggs, Colin; Broussard, Micha; Burleigh, Emon; Cassidy, Christopher; Cheek, Austin; Cruz, Alexa; Decriscio, Donald; Dunn, Taylor; Fleming, Lauryn; Garcia, Alejandro; Hoffler, Tyler; Howe, Kyle; Lofton, Jerron; Marentes, Saul; Marshburn, Donald; Nunes, Amy; Parker, Dajohn; Perkins, Cierra; Ramirez, Alonso; Scruggs, Carlos; Spraggs, Armani; Tabora, Ivan; Taylor, Matthew; Wil-liams, Darius; Williams, Taeyah; Yeomans, Jesse; Gadsen, Breyona; Glatt, Matthew; Grella, Julia; Hamilton, Brian; Hollen, Joseph; Hopkins, Jonathan; McLean, Alphonsje; Pey-ton, Calvin; Ratliff, Isis; Speer, Harrison; Tay-lor, Daryl; Vinson, Simone; Green, Vivian; Washington-Allen, Dominic; Williams, Kyle; Clary-Hayman, Tiana; Feggins, Roman; Chap-man, Ravon; and Tunstall, Anthony. On this day, I acknowledge your courage and commitment to our country and express my sincere gratitude for your willingness to serve honorably. I look forward to joining the Blue Star Families of Richmond and Henrico Co. Public Schools to honor these exceptional students during the ‘‘Our Community Salutes Reception and Awards Ceremony’’ on Tues-day, May 30, 2017 at Hermitage High School in Henrico Co., Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in saluting these brave, young women and men for the courageous decision to join the United States Armed Forces upon their high school graduation. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 100TH AN-NIVERSARY OF THE BIRTH OF PRESIDENT JOHN F. KENNEDY AND THE JOHN F. KENNEDY HYANNIS MUSEUM 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the 100th Anniversary of the birth of President John F. Kennedy and the exceptional work of the John F. Kennedy Hyannis Museum in preserving his legacy. President Kennedy, one of Massachusetts’ most celebrated sons and the youngest presi-dent to be elected to office, had a deep and abiding love for his family’s home in Hyannis Port. The John F. Kennedy Hyannis Museum is devoted to preserving the legacy of Presi-dent Kennedy and his deep and lasting bond with the marshes, beaches, sea breeze, and way of life on Cape Cod. Since the John F. Kennedy Hyannis Mu-seum first opened its doors in 1992, it has hosted and designed numerous exhibits that highlight the life of President Kennedy and the legacy of his family. The Museum’s multimedia displays give the visiting public a glimpse into the life of one of the most influential and rec-ognizable leaders in the world. In addition to the well-known role of the Kennedys in Amer-ican history, the Museum annotates the per-sonal side of the unforgettable President—pro-viding visitors with a deeper perspective on and edification of John F. Kennedy: the father, son, brother, husband, and friend. Lining the walls of the galleries are images of the Ken-nedys relaxing on the beach, enjoying eve-nings with friends, and recreating on the com-pound lawns. Though President Kennedy was tragically taken from the American people on November 22, 1963, his legacy and impact on the coun-try lives on—thanks in no small part to the ef-forts of the John F. Kennedy Hyannis Mu-seum. To this day, it remains a renowned des-tination in downtown Hyannis. In celebration of the anniversary of his birthday, the museum is hosting numerous events including a com-memoration concert in collaboration with the Cape Symphony. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor the John F. Kennedy Hyannis Museum on the occasion of the 100th Anniversary of the birth of Presi-dent Kennedy. I ask that my colleagues join 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25MY8.019 E25MYPT1lotter on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE727 May 25, 2017 
me in recognizing the Museum on its many years of devotion to preserving the legacy and connection of the Kennedy family to Cape Cod. 
f 
HONORING THE CAREER OF MRS. MARY HENDERSON 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the career of Mrs. Mary Henderson. Mrs. Henderson has devoted 50 years of out-standing service to the Dos Palos-Oro Loma Joint Unified School District. During these years, she has been a truly brilliant educator, serving her community and teaching genera-tions of children in the Central Valley. Mrs. Henderson has selflessly devoted her entire professional career to public education. She began her career in 1967, serving as a paraeducator for eight years before becoming a teacher in 1975. Mrs. Henderson has been educating, impacting, and improving the lives of hundreds of children for five decades, dem-onstrating a remarkable dedication to edu-cation. In addition to teaching our children, Mrs. Henderson is deeply committed to im-proving literacy in our community. She has spent countless hours working with adults as well as children, teaching them how to read. Mrs. Henderson has been described by those who know her as an exceptional, skilled, and caring teacher. She provides her students with both endless patience and rich knowl-edge, and she always has kind words of en-couragement. Mrs. Henderson is fondly re-membered by generations of grateful students whose lives she has touched. Beyond her service as an educator, she is also an active member of Friends of the Library, supporting libraries in Merced County by volunteering at libraries and working on book donation pro-grams and fundraising events. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in honoring Mrs. Mary Henderson for the 50 years of extraordinary and dedicated serv-ice. Through her teaching, compassion, and example, Mrs. Henderson has left a lasting im-pact on her community. It is fitting and appro-priate that May 26th, 2017 be declared ‘‘Mary Henderson Day’’ in Dos Palos, California. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JULIA MATTOCKS ON HER 99TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Julia Frances Mat-tocks, who celebrates her 99th birthday this Sunday. Ms. Mattocks, Galesburg’s ‘Rosie the Riv-eter’, serves as a role model in our community due to her tireless work ethic and dedication to serving others. As the United States en-tered the war after the attack on Pearl Harbor in 1941, she stepped up and did her part to protect Americans abroad. With her sister Helen, Julia completed rivet work on B–17 Fly-ing Fortresses, and worked at the Lockheed Vega plant in Burbank making Quonset huts for the military and airplane parts at Gale Products. Ms. Mattocks ultimately sacrificed her hearing in one ear and received chemical burns across her arms due to her work on be-half of our country. I celebrate and admire the role that she—and many other women— played in supporting our nation during a time of war. Ms. Mattocks is a true inspiration for many people, and her passion and dedication makes her a uniting force within our community. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful for Julia’s contributions and service to our community and our nation. I wish her a Happy 99th Birthday, with more to come. f 
RECOGNIZING THE CONTRIBU-TIONS OF INTERNATIONAL STU-DENTS AND SCHOLARS 
HON. DONALD S. BEYER, JR. 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, today I stand in recognition of international students and schol-ars, and the U.S. institutions of higher edu-cation they attend, all of which are bearing the brunt of this Administration’s rhetoric and ac-tions. To ensure our nation’s security, eco-nomic well-being, and academic leadership, we must remain an open and welcoming na-tion. According to the Association of International Educators, international students and their families contributed nearly $33 billion to the U.S. economy during the 2015–2016 aca-demic year. International students who have spent time in the United States become infor-mal ambassadors when they return home, car-rying an appreciation for common values, counteracting stereotypes about the U.S., and enhancing respect for cultural differences. They also act as cultural liaisons for U.S. stu-dents and help them succeed as global citi-zens. Actions taken by this Administration have generated a great deal of uncertainty within U.S. academia. Many currently-enrolled inter-national students and scholars will choose not to travel home at the end of the academic year, for fear they might not be allowed to re-turn in the fall. Unsurprisingly, for prospective students, nearly 40 percent of higher edu-cation institutions reported application declines in international students for the first time in many years. We must stop the anti-immigrant rhetoric and make the United States an open and wel-coming country for the bright, ambitious inter-national students who contribute greatly to our country. I urge my colleagues and the Administration to recognize the vital contribution international students and their families make when we welcome them to this great country. To the international students and scholars who may be unsure about coming, I say: Your contributions are valued and you are welcome here. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DR. THOMAS C. PLEGER 
HON. JACK BERGMAN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, it’s my honor to acknowledge the life of a devoted commu-nity leader and dedicated educator, Dr. Thom-as Pleger, who passed away at the age of 48 on Sunday, May 7, 2017. Thomas was born on April 24, 1969, to Er-nest and Barbara Pleger, and grew up just across the border from Menominee, Michigan in Marinette, Wisconsin. He earned his doc-toral degree in archaeology and anthropology from the University of Wisconsin-Madison, and spent 21 years teaching at various private and public institutions throughout the region. Fol-lowing his tenure as Campus Executive Officer and Dean at UW Baraboo-Sauk County, Thomas followed his passion for education into the Upper Peninsula where, on July 1, 2014, he became the eighth president of Lake Superior State University, a position he would hold until his untimely passing. As the president of Lake Superior State Uni-versity, Thomas is remembered for his warmth, generosity, and tireless devotion to the school and its students. Lake Superior State University experienced a tremendous period of growth under Dr. Pleger’s steward-ship, including the implementation of a One Rate tuition plan, the financial restructuring of the university, the advancement of the R.W. Considine Hall Renovation project, and the procurement of funding for the proposed Cen-ter for Freshwater Research and Education. These accomplishments eventually led to him earning an appointment to Governor Rick Sny-der’s 21st Century Economy Commission, where he applied his extensive background in education to identify Michigan’s economic pri-orities for the next 20 years. Beyond the campus, Dr. Pleger’s leadership translated into real results for his community. Indeed, it was not uncommon for Thomas to lend a listening ear or life advice to prospec-tive students, and he was known to connect on a personal level, with a lighthearted sense of humor. Today, Dr. Pleger is survived by his wife, Teresa, father, Ernest, brother, Tim, sons Matt, Andrew, Chad, and Collin, and his sister, Amy Pfister. Not only will Lake Superior State University bear the positive impact of Dr. Pleger for generations to come, but commu-nities around the country will benefit from the countless lives he touched. Mr. Speaker, Dr. Pleger’s outstanding ca-reer in education cannot be overstated, and his family and community can take great pride in knowing that the Upper Peninsula is a bet-ter place thanks to his life’s work. On behalf of Michigan’s First Congressional District, I ask you to join me in recognizing an out-standing public servant whose contributions will continue to bless Yoopers for many years to come. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY8.022 E25MYPT1lotter on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE728 May 25, 2017 
INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS 
HON. JARED POLIS 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on be-half of international students, scholars, and the U.S. institutions of higher education they at-tend who have been unfairly penalized by the administration’s efforts to limit travel to our country. I’d like to share with you the story of Khalid AI-Awadhi, an undergraduate student at CU Boulder from the United Arab Emirates, who is studying electrical and computer engineering. Khalid is president of CU International, a campus organization that helps international students adjust to campus life. He is well known for his welcoming demeanor and en-thusiasm. Khalid is driven by his commitment to make CU Boulder a better learning experi-ence for all international students. The per-sonal connections he has built have truly made a difference for the experience of hun-dreds of students on campus by building bridges and connecting cultures. May is a critical month on the college cal-endar. Many currently-enrolled international students and scholars will choose not to travel home at the end of the academic year, for fear they might not be allowed to return in the fall. In addition, the anti-immigrant rhetoric and un-certainty created by our broken immigration system makes the United States less attrac-tive to the students and scholars who we want to contribute to our campuses and commu-nities. To ensure our nation’s security, economic wellbeing, and academic leadership, we must remain an open and welcoming United States. So, to the international students and scholars who may be unsure about coming to study at institutions like CU Boulder and Colorado State, I say: Your contributions are valued and you are welcome here. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ROBERT LEE HENDEE 
HON. STEVE STIVERS 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of the people of Ohio’s 15th Congres-sional District and the citizens of Wilmington, Ohio to honor the life and memory of Robert Lee Hendee. A pioneer of Southwest Ohio’s radio, in his 50 years as a behind-the-scenes support and an on-air personality, Lee became a familiar name and voice in his Wilmington community. Lee embodied the American Dream. Fol-lowing his education at the International School of Broadcasting in Dayton, Ohio, he went on to work at WKFI in Wilmington, WSRW in Hillsboro, and WBZI in Xenia, be-fore ultimately fulfilling his dream of owning his own radio station in 2015. As the owner and founder of the nonprofit WALH in Wilmington, Lee brought the power of radio to his community; he interviewed resi-dents and celebrities alike, and unified his neighbors by bringing them information and giving them a voice. I always appreciated the opportunity to stop by the station and catch up with him. His devotion to Wilmington was un-deniable. Aside from being the man with the voice, he was an avid sports fan and was fiercely dedi-cated to creating positive change in the lives of young people. He was the proud owner of Ultimate Impact Wrestling, a longtime boys’ baseball and girls’ softball coach, and a tal-ented bowler. Lee touched the lives of countless people with his infectious spirit and memorable voice, He will be fondly remembered by those who loved him, especially his mother, his brother and sister, his wife, his four children and his six grandchildren. f 
RECOGNIZING THE RETURN TO EL PASO ROOTS EVENT 
HON. BETO O’ROURKE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to rise and join with my colleague, the Honor-able B
ARBARA LEE, to acknowledge and cele-brate the ‘‘Return to El Paso Roots’’ event, which will take place May 26 through 29, 2017 in El Paso, Texas. This historically significant event salutes the African American families, friends, and students who attended the historic Douglass School, the first school for African Americans in El Paso. Andrew Morelock established the school in 1883 as a refuge and haven for the children of African American El Pasoans barred from attending schools with white children. First named Franklin School, it became Douglass School in tribute to the noted abolitionist and statesman, Frederick Douglass. The school sought to allow children to thrive in a fully sup-portive community committed to their success and academic achievement. Douglass School provided much more than a quality education; it also provided community and a sense of well being and belonging for its students. The school desegregated in 1955 following the Brown v. Board of Education Supreme Court decision, and the site is now an histor-ical site in El Paso. Douglass students ex-celled, and the school produced a notable array of successful graduates, including the family of my esteemed colleague, Congress-woman L
EE. During the ‘‘Return to El Paso Roots’’ event, former students, families, friends, and El Paso residents will come together in celebration at the historic McCall Neighborhood Community Center. The late Leona Ford Washington, a retired Douglass schoolteacher, founded the Center in 1983. She dedicated her life to the needs and development of the El Paso African American community. It is pertinent to high-light the history of The McCall Neighborhood Center as it prepares to host many events for ‘‘Return to El Paso Roots’’. The McCall Neighborhood Center is the former home of Marshall and Olalee McCall. Mr. McCall was the first African American postal worker in El Paso, and his wife, Mrs. McCall, was a principal at Douglass School. Following Mrs. McCall’s tenure as principal from 1937 through 1944, the home served as a daycare center as well as her music studio. The McCall Neighborhood Center is an impor-tant foundation in the El Paso community. In this celebration, we acknowledge and honor the tremendous contributions of the Afri-can American community to the success and development of El Paso, and the work they have done to make our community, the State of Texas, and our country a more just world. Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my colleagues to join Congresswoman LEEand me in salut-ing the Douglass School students, families, and friends who will come to El Paso to com-memorate and celebrate this remarkable com-munity. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MAE JEMISON FOR HER OUTSTANDING ACHIEVEMENTS AS AN ASTRO-NAUT AND SCIENTIST 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mae Jemison, a physician, scientist and astronaut whose pioneering career has furthered our understanding of the world around us. Dr. Jemison has achieved excel-lence across a number of disciplines as a re-sult of her hard work and perseverance. After receiving a medical degree from Cor-nell Medical College and completing her med-ical training, Dr. Jemison served as a Peace Corps Medical Officer, treating Peace Corps volunteers in Liberia and Sierra Leone. She was then accepted into NASA’s astronaut pro-gram in 1987, providing launch support and assistance until her space mission aboard the Space Shuttle Endeavor in September 1992. During her mission, Dr. Jemison conducted scientific experiments on bone cell research and the effects of weightlessness on the human body, which contributed to advance-ments in our understanding of life sciences. She then resigned in 1993 from NASA, and has since founded several companies, includ-ing BioSentient Corp., which develops treat-ments for chronic pain and stress disorders. Dr. Jemison has had an extraordinary ca-reer and has affected countless lives through her work. In addition to breaking down barriers as the first black woman in space, Dr. Jemison has utilized her medical background and business acumen to develop novel med-ical treatments for a variety of illnesses. She has also excelled in academia, working as a professor at Dartmouth and Cornell, and is the founder of the Dorothy Jemison Foundation for Excellence, a nonprofit that promotes science education initiatives. Collectively, Dr. Jemison has had an indelible impact on a variety of disciplines through her work, and she con-tinues to inspire new generations of scientists. Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me in hon-oring Dr. Mae Jemison for her outstanding ca-reer. Dr. Jemison’s work with NASA, in medi-cine and in business has impacted and in-spired countless individuals. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MY8.027 E25MYPT1lotter on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE729 May 25, 2017 
HONORING SPC. JACOB D. MARTIR’S SERVICE AND SAC-RIFICE 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, today, as we near Memorial Day, I rise to honor SPC. Jacob D. Martir, for his honorable service to our nation and his ultimate sacrifice during the early days of the Iraq War. Jacob was a native of eastern Connecticut, growing up in Willimantic and Norwich. A former student of Norwich Free Academy, he enlisted in the United States Army in 2000 at the age of 17. Joining the armed services was his lifelong dream. Nearing completion of his first tour in the Army, he reenlisted for four more years in 2002, despite the added risk of serving after 9/11. In March of 2004, Jacob deployed to Iraq with Alpha Troop, 2nd Battalion, 5th Cavalry Regiment, 1st Cavalry Division. On August 18, 2004, while patrolling in Sadr City, one of Baghdad’s most violent neighborhoods throughout the war, Jacob was tragically killed by small arms fire. His sacrifice, coming four months after the tragic ‘‘Black Sunday’’ in which eight soldiers were killed in Sadr City, was part of a years-long effort to clear the area of Iraqi insurgents. He was 21 years old and left behind a loving mother, Lydia Gutier-rez, and five siblings. For his courageous service, Jacob was posthumously awarded the Purple Heart and Bronze Star, and he was buried with full military honors at Maplewood Cemetery in Norwich. Jacob’s life is a reminder of the greatest American values. His call to serve was instinc-tive and unrelenting even through a time of great danger. At just twenty-one years old, he marched bravely into one of the most dan-gerous places in the world to defend and serve his nation and protect his fellow sol-diers. I would ask my colleagues to join me in sol-emn remembrance of Jacob Martir and his family, and thanking them for Jacob’s service to eastern Connecticut and our nation. 
f 
NATIONAL POPPY DAY 
HON. ANDRE´CARSON 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize tomorrow, and each Friday be-fore Memorial Day, as National Poppy Day. National Poppy Day encourages all Ameri-cans to wear a red poppy flower as a symbol to remember the fallen and support the living heroes who have worn our nation’s uniform. Following World War I, the red poppy be-came an internationally recognized symbol of the blood shed by those who fought for their countries. Although it originated almost a century ago, the poppy is just as relevant today. Throughout our history, countless Ameri-cans have laid down their lives to protect and defend the country and the people they love. America’s living veterans have served in WWII, Korea, Vietnam, the Persian Gulf, Kosovo, Iraq, Afghanistan, Syria, and many other conflicts around the world. They fought for us and many bare scars that will stay with them for life. As Americans, we have an obligation to re-member the service and sacrifice of these brave men and women and their families, who have helped build the country we love today. By recognizing National Poppy Day, we stand with these brave men and women and with the families of all those who did not make it home. While we all agree with the sentiment, the symbolism behind the poppy is better known around the world than it is here in the United States. It is worn in England and Canada, on Re-membrance Day, also known as Armistice Day and Poppy Day, to commemorate members of the armed forces who have died in the line of duty. This year the United States commemorates the 100th anniversary of its entrance into World War I. The American Legion, our largest wartime veterans organization which has a track record of promoting National Poppy Day, is ap-proaching its 100th anniversary. There is no more appropriate time for us, as a nation, to recognize this historic symbol of service. As the proud author of H. Res. 309, a reso-lution recognizing National Poppy Day, I urge all of my colleagues to join me in promoting this visible recognition of those who have served our nation in uniform. f 
IN HONOR OF THE DEEP EAST TEXAS COUNCIL OF GOVERN-MENTS AND ECONOMIC DEVEL-OPMENT DISTRICT 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I, along with Representative B
RIAN BABIN and Representative L
OUIE GOHMERT , recognize the 50th anniversary of the Deep East Texas Council of Governments and Economic Devel-opment District, better known as ‘‘DETCOG.’’ In November of 1966, over fifty community officials and leaders, concerned with the eco-nomic growth and development of East Texas and the quality of life of its residents, gathered together to lay the groundwork for the Deep East Texas Economic Development District. The Honorable Charles Wilson, a Member of the Texas Senate and later a Member of the United States House of Representatives, was unanimously elected Chair, and later President, of the new organization. The Deep East Texas Economic Develop-ment District continued its meetings through-out 1967. It employed its first Executive Direc-tor in August and opened its first office in Sep-tember. In 1968, the District even became a Regional Planning Commission under the laws of the State of Texas, and in 1972, it adopted the new name of Deep East Texas Council of Governments and Economic Development District. DETCOG has facilitated the development of effective responses to such issues as commu-nity and economic development, affordable housing, aging and disability services, public safety and emergency response, disaster re-covery, information and referral services, vol-unteerism, transportation and the environment that have had a profound and positive impact on the Deep East Texas Region. Over the past half-century, DETCOG’s ac-tivities have improved the quality of life for all residents in the 12-county region known as Deep East Texas, including the counties of Angelina, Houston, Jasper, Nacogdoches, Newton, Polk, Sabine, San Augustine, San Jacinto, Shelby, Trinity and Tyler. Representative BABIN, Representative G OH-
MERT , and I are proud to congratulate the Deep East Texas Council of Governments and Economic Development District on its 50th An-niversary and its legacy of outstanding service to the governments and citizens of the Deep East Texas region. 
f 
IN HONOR OF ROY REESE’S 80TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I take this opportunity to recognize a fine Hoosier and my friend, Roy Reese, on the occasion of his 80th birthday, which he will celebrate on Tuesday, June 13, 2017. Mr. Reese has been a pillar of his com-munity in Wheatfield, Indiana, for nearly half a century, and having known him for many years, I can attest to his steadfast dedication to improving the quality of life for his fellow citizens. I congratulate Roy as he celebrates this momentous occasion with his many family members and friends. Roy Reese was born in Stevenson, Ala-bama, on June 13, 1937. A proud American and true patriot, Roy joined the United States Air Force in 1954 and eventually became the crew chief for large cargo helicopters before returning to civilian life in 1958. Upon his re-turn, Roy began his career with Operating En-gineers Local 150 and has been a proud union member with the organization for more than fifty-four years. In addition, Mr. Reese has also utilized his vast agricultural knowl-edge which has helped him to become a suc-cessful farmer. Roy has also proven himself to be a de-voted public servant, as well as an esteemed member of his church. A lifelong Democrat, Mr. Reese served on the Gilliam Township Advisory Board for twenty-four years. A proud veteran as well as a man of great faith, he is also a lay speaker at Tefft United Methodist Church and has also served as chaplain for American Legion Post 228 in Francesville, In-diana. In addition, Roy has been a member of Masonic Lodge No. 642, located in Wheatfield, for more than fifty years. I would be remiss if I did not share one spe-cific example of the type of person Roy Reese is. While he is well-known in his community and in his church for his selfless service, Roy truly epitomizes what it means to be a good neighbor, regardless of the season. In fact, Roy has always taken it upon himself to clear snow from his neighbors’ driveways during the cold winter months, a service illustrative of his generous spirit. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25MY8.031 E25MYPT1lotter on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE730 May 25, 2017 
However, Roy Reese is first and foremost a family man. I am certain Roy would confirm that his greatest source of pride is his loving family. Roy wed his beloved wife, Bonnie, on January 20,1958, and the couple has spent the past fifty-nine years by each other’s side. Roy and Bonnie are the proud parents of four sons, Daniel, Michael, Richard, and Roy Douglas Reese. They are also the loving grandparents of seventeen and the adoring great-grandparents of fourteen. Mr. Speaker, Roy Reese has been a dedi-cated member of and inspiration to his com-munity throughout his life, and on this special occasion, it is fitting that I take this time to honor him and to commend him for all that he has done for so many for so long. At this time, I ask that you and all of my distinguished col-leagues join me in wishing Roy a Happy 80th Birthday and many more joyous years to come. 
f 
MEMORIAL DAY 
SPEECH OF  
HON. MATT GAETZ 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 24, 2017 Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay respect to the American warfighter. As we cel-ebrate Military Appreciation Month, it is impor-tant to convey that the words we use to honor our brave men and women in uniform must be followed up by action. The time for paying arti-ficial lip service to the military community is over. Next month, the House Armed Services Committee will initiate its annual markup of the National Defense Authorization Act. The NDAA is one of the few things in Washington that actually works. The NDAA has been passed—with bipartisan support—for the last 56 years. But this year’s NDAA might be the most im-portant yet. For the last eight years, our mili-tary has been degraded, defunded, and dis-graced by the previous administration’s at-tempt to lead from behind. Today, the United States military lacks the requisite personnel and material readiness required to protect our nation against unforeseen and near-peer ad-versaries. Our nation faces a litany of global threats from North Korea and Syria, to the Islamic State and Iran. Failed states and trans-na-tional fundamentalist regimes that want noth-ing more than to destroy democracy and the American spirit. The United States military is America’s front line defense against the plague of radical Islamic terrorism and dema-gogues. There is no other way to say it. Our military is broken. Consider the following: The Navy is in its smallest state in 99 years, and faces increased demand with limited re-sources (274 ships). Moreover, the Navy can only satisfy 40% of all Combatant Commander requests due to high operational tempo and lengthy mainte-nance periods 50% of the civilian workforce working in Navy shipyards have less than five years of experience, and such inexperience impacts the on-time delivery of new ships, and in-creases the cost of the American taxpayer Prior to 1992, the Air Force purchased about 200 fighter aircraft per year; today the Air Force buys less than 20; that is a 90 per-cent reduction of new fighter aircraft And of the 58 Army Brigades stationed around the world, only three—three—are pre-pared to fight in an armed conflict tonight, meaning they require no additional training, manpower, or equipment I am honored to serve as the elected rep-resentatives of one of the largest military dis-tricts in America. No district in this entire coun-try has more military retirees, military vet-erans, and military dependents than Northwest Florida. Few districts can lay claim to Northwest Florida’s operational and training footprint. My district is home to the Army’s 7th Special Forces Group; the Air Force Special Oper-ations Command; The Joint Gulf Range Com-plex which provides supersonic air combat training and hypersonic weapons testing for frontline warfighters like the F–35 and the F– 22; and Pensacola Naval Air Station, the cra-dle of Naval Aviation. But the time for honoring the brave men and women of the military with just words is over. They need more than free dinners at Applebee’s and free milkshakes at Dairy Queen to feel truly appreciated. We need con-gressional commitment to end the scourge of sequestration. We need to right the wrongs of the previous administration’s systematic dis-mantling of military readiness. We need the 115th Congress show its true military appre-ciation by providing the American warfighter with the tools, training, and long term funding to protect the homeland and sustain America as the preeminent global superpower. 
f 
400 YEARS OF AFRICAN-AMERICAN HISTORY COMMISSION ACT 
HON. DON BACON 
OF NEBRASKA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1242 entitled, ‘‘400 Years of African-American History Commission Act.’’ As a co-sponsor of this legislation, I worked with my colleagues to pass this act in the House and look forward to the Senate also passing this bill. I believe it is important for all citizens of the United States to recognize the unique history, sacrifices, and remarkable contribu-tions that African Americans have made to build our great nation. I am invigorated by this legislative intention to identify and educate the public on the ar-rival of Africans and their role in building this great country. It is equally important to under-stand the generational impact that slavery and laws that enforced racial discrimination had on the United States. While there have been many successful and inspirational African Americans with enumerable contributions, we must address ongoing racial disparities in em-ployment and education by focusing on achieving six universal milestones for success. These six universal milestones include: 1. Entering school ready to learn; 2. Reading at grade level by third grade; 3. Graduating from high school ready for college or career; 4. Completing post-secondary education or training; 5. Successfully entering the workforce; and 6. Reducing violence and providing a sec-ond chance for returning citizens. I applaud the many organizations actively working to address persistent opportunity gaps faced by African Americans. In my community of the 2nd Congressional District of Nebraska, I appreciate the efforts of Willie Hamilton, president and founder of Black Men United. He is a true grass roots leader. In addition, I want to highlight some other organizations, and work ongoing in the district I serve to im-plement a coherent cradle-to-college-and-ca-reer strategy for improving the life outcomes of all young people. These organizations include Urban League of Nebraska, The START Cen-ter, the Omaha Empowerment Network coordi-nated by Willie Barney, Eastern Nebraska Community Action Partnership, 100 Black Men of Omaha, Malcom X Foundation, Operation Youth Success, Members of the Midlands Mentoring Partnership, the efforts by the City of Omaha through the Black Male Achieve-ment program previously coordinated by Cam-eron Gales. Like all complicated issues facing Americans, we need this type of strong com-munity support along with smart bipartisan leg-islation to address any problem. As the African-American History Commis-sion develops programs, I hope they will con-sider inspiring communities to continue build-ing partnerships between local organizations, government, businesses and foundations. This will connect young African American men and women with support networks, mentoring pro-grams, and the skills training they need to succeed in the classroom and in the work-force. While we learn from and celebrate the past, we must also look to a much brighter fu-ture for all Americans. f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE VOTE BY MAIL ACT OF 2017 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, we are in the middle of national civics lesson, with un-precedented levels of citizen and grassroots activism driving political and policy conversa-tions in communities across the country. It is ironic, then, that many states are trying to make it harder for Americans to participate in our democracy. On November 8, 2016, ac-cording to the Brennan Center for Justice, fourteen states had new restrictions on voting in place for the first time in a presidential elec-tion. Restrictions like these have historically targeted minority and low-income voters. This disturbing trend in state action has mirrored the weakening of campaign finance restric-tions and voting rights laws by the U.S. Su-preme Court in recent years. Even as we wit-ness a growing civic engagement, legal and political barriers rise to unjustly diminish indi-vidual voices. Expanding vote by mail is a clear and cost effective measure to make voting easier, not harder. Mail-in voting states Oregon, Wash-ington, and Colorado saw among the highest voter turnout in the 2016 general election, es-pecially notable for Oregon with nearly 250,000 new automatically registered voters. The Vote By Mail Act of 2017 will build on Or-egon’s successful reforms at the national level 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25MY8.034 E25MYPT1lotter on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE731 May 25, 2017 
The legislation will require states to mail bal-lots to all eligible voters in federal elections at least two weeks before the election. Every registered American voter would have the abil-ity to return their ballots through the mail, using prepaid envelopes, or drop them off at secure predetermined drop-off locations like a public library or county elections office. This bill also shifts the burden of registration from the individual to the government. It calls on state governments to collaborate with state motor vehicle agencies to maintain updated voter registration rolls for all citizens who apply for a driver’s license and who do not ask to remain unregistered. The Vote By Mail Act of 2017 is a vital step to restoring the mandate of American democ-racy. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MAJOR DAVID ANDERSON 
HON. MARK MEADOWS 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Major David Anderson of the Caldwell County Sheriff’s Office. On behalf of the people of Western North Carolina, I would like to thank Major Anderson for his 30 years of service to Caldwell County. Major Anderson began his law enforcement career in 1986 when he graduated from the U.S. Army Military Police School at Fort McClellan, Alabama. The following year he joined the 21st Airborne Military Police Com-pany at Fort Bragg, North Carolina. He then worked for the Lenoir Police Department as a patrol officer and field training officer from 1990 until 1993. In 1993 Major Anderson joined the Caldwell County Sheriff’s Office and was assigned to the Patrol Division as Deputy Sheriff. He was promoted to Sergeant in 1994, to Lieutenant in 1998, and to Captain of the Patrol Division in 2006. Major Anderson was appointed to Major/Chief Deputy by Sheriff Alan Jones in 2008 and served in this position until his re-tirement. As Chief Deputy, Major Anderson su-pervised budgetary and personnel matters and oversaw the daily operations of the Sheriff’s office. In addition to these duties, Major An-derson conducted an extensive research project to document the history of the Caldwell County Sheriff’s Office. Throughout his career, Major Anderson has received numerous medals, service awards, and commendations including the Advanced Law Enforcement Certificate, Advanced Serv-ice Award, Officer of the Year, and the Medal of Valor. Major Anderson is a lifelong resident of Caldwell County, where he lives with his wife and children. Through his dedication to the people and history of Caldwell County, Major Anderson has enriched the community that he so faith-fully served. I am honored to recognize Major Anderson on his retirement and convey the sincere congratulations and best wishes of the people of North Carolina. TRIBUTE TO RAYMOND MAGNON HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and pay tribute to Raymond Magnon, who passed away in California on Monday, April 24, 2017. Raymond, or Ray as he was known to friends and family, proudly served our nation as a plane mechanic in the Air Force during the Korean War and he will be deeply missed. Ray was born to Frank and Caroline Magnon in Niles, Ohio. In 1944, when Ray was 14 years old, his family moved from Ohio to Riverside where he attended Poly High School, served in the Air Force as a plane mechanic during the Korean War, and later at-tended Chaffey College. After college, Ray worked at Lockheed and at a local fiberglass company. Shortly after Ray started his career working as an electrician, he would eventually start his own company, Service Electric. Over the years, Service Electric would provide the electrical construction for many notable build-ings in the city of Riverside, including Tyler Mall. At one point in the 1970s the company was the largest electrical contractor in Cali-fornia, employing hundreds of electricians and staff. Later in life, Ray ventured into commercial real estate development. In 1977, he founded The Magnon Companies which developed and built many of the buildings constructed in Riv-erside, including buildings in the Sycamore Canyon Business Park, Hunter Park, and other areas of the city. Ray also was respon-sible for the construction of several apartment buildings in Canyon Crest including Bunker Hill. Ray had many passions in life such as Formula 1 races, tennis, traveling to Europe, collecting sports cars, and a fondness for clas-sic jazz and crooner songs. One of his strong-est passions was being a business leader in the community and working to advance impor-tant causes for our region. Ray is survived by his wife, Kelly Magnon, their son, Ryan Magnon and by his daughters from his previous marriage to Elaine Timmons Taber; Patti Oldham, Cheryl Cliff and Deanna Magnon. Ray was preceded in death by his son, Douglas Magnon. He is also survived by many loving grandchildren, nieces, nephews and step-children. I had the distinct privilege of knowing Ray for many years and I will deeply miss him. I extend my heartfelt condolences to the entire Magnon family. Although Ray may be gone, his selfless dedication to our nation will long be remembered. 
f 
YOUTH SEXUAL ABUSE 
HON. MARK DeSAULNIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, this week we considered an important issue that needs to be addressed: youth sexual abuse. Some research shows that as many as 1 in 5 girls and 1 in 20 boys will be victims of sexual abuse. Congress can and should do more to reduce the prevalence of this heinous behav-ior. Unfortunately, some of the bills we consid-ered this week use the wrong tools to address this problem. Those bills include the Strength-ening Children’s Safety Act (H.R. 1842), the Global Child Protection Act (H.R. 1862), and the Protecting Against Child Exploitation Act (H.R. 1761). All of these bills double down on our country’s misguided practice of enforcing mandatory minimum sentencing, which re-search has shown does not dissuade crime and can tie the hands of judges when miti-gating factors warrant lighter sentencing. Let me be clear—sexual abuse of children is a horrible offense that cannot be tolerated, and I support efforts to address this issue, in-cluding the Protecting Young Victims from Sexual Abuse Act (H.R. 1973), which I was proud to vote in favor of this week. My opposi-tion to H.R. 1842 and H.R. 1761 reflects my opposition to mandatory minimum sentencing. I would welcome the opportunity to work with my colleagues to improve these measures for the future to best protect our youth. f 
RECOGNIZING MARY ANN STARBUCK 
HON. TOM REED 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-gratulate Mary Ann Starbuck on her retire-ment. Ms. Starbuck has dedicated her life to help-ing individuals and families across the South-ern Tier of New York. For nearly 23 years, she served as Chief Executive Officer of CareFirst NY, a community-based program that provides hospice services, palliative care, and grief support to local residents. Her work has touched countless lives and has had a pro-foundly positive impact on our entire commu-nity. Ms. Starbuck has been a tireless advocate for legislation to improve and increase access to hospice care. I have had the pleasure of working with her to promote several pieces of legislation to improve and strengthen hospice care, and I have always been encouraged and inspired by her conviction and determination. As a result of her outstanding leadership, the Hospice Action Network recently pre-sented CareFirst NY with the Advocacy Inno-vator Award. This award recognized the efforts of the staff, volunteers, and board of CareFirst NY to further the mission of hospice through advocacy. I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking Marry Ann Starbuck on her years of service and wishing her all the best in her well-de-served retirement. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DRUG AND VETERAN COURTS 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of one of the most effective tools against the opioid crisis—drug and veteran treatment courts. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25MY8.037 E25MYPT1lotter on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE732 May 25, 2017 
The opioid crisis is the worst drug epidemic our country has ever experienced. Around two and a half million people are now addicted to opioids, and 91 of them die from overdoses each day. Drug and veteran courts are proven ap-proaches in this fight. Instead of incarcerating those with drug addiction and mental illness, these courts provide treatment based account-ability. This strategy has saved over one and a half million lives, billions in taxpayer dollars, and has proven one of the most effective means to reduce recidivism and drug use. May is National Drug Court Month, so there is no better time for my colleagues to stand and join me in support of drug and veteran courts in the Fiscal Year 2018 appropriations process. Thank you. 
f 
SPENCER REITZ EARNS EAGLE SCOUT AND BRONZE PALM AWARD 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Spencer Reitz of Sugar Land, TX, for earning both his Boy Scout Eagle Rank Award and the Bronze Palm. Eagle Rank is one of the highest achieve-ments a Boy Scout can earn, and a Bronze Palm goes one step beyond that. To earn Eagle Rank, Spencer had to earn 21 merit badges, and develop and provide leadership to others in a service project. He earned the Bronze Palm by remaining active in his troop for an additional three months and earning five additional merit badges. For his service project, Spencer enhanced an existing play-ground at the Children’s Center for Autism at the Texana Center. He is a part of Troop 1631. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Spencer Reitz for earning his Boy Scout Eagle Rank Award and Bronze Palm. We are so proud and confident of his continued suc-cess in future endeavors. 
f 
FLUORSPAR MINER’S MEMORIAL REVEAL 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge the Fluorspar Miner’s Memorial of Hardin County in my home state of Illinois. In 1971 a tragic accident occurred at the Barnett mining facility ending the lives of seven miners: Gale Bates, Randal ‘‘Jock’’ Belford, Orval Holbrook, Jerry Jenkins, James R. Lane, William ‘‘Bill’’ and Wayne Long. These men gave their lives to a lifestyle that has impacted so many families in the region. The Ohio River Scenic Byway, the City of Rosiclare, and many local partners decided to dedicate a memorial to these fallen miners as well as all Fluorspar miners and their families. The memorial displays a life size bronze stat-ue of a Fluorspar miner and his wife—a black granite memorial honoring the seven fallen miners, interpretive panels to tell the story of Fluorspar mining in the area, landscaping and a separate memorial garden wall commemo-rating area families and businesses. The memorial will provide travelers and younger generations with information on this tragic accident and the importance of the fluorspar industry and its importance to South-ern Illinois and the nation. The Miner’s Memo-rial celebrates the strong past of the City of Rosiclare due to the mining of fluorspar. I ask that we all join in that celebration as we pay tribute to the history and the people who made the Fluorspar Miner’s Memorial, and I salute the completion of the Fluorspar Miner’s Memorial. f 
HONORING COLLEGE OF SOUTH-ERN MARYLAND PRESIDENT DR. BRADLEY GOTTFRIED 
HON. STENY H. HOYER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, next month the College of Southern Maryland in my district will bid farewell to Dr. Bradley Gottfried, who will step down as its president. Dr. Gottfried has led the College for the past eleven years with great care and dedication to its mission of expanding higher educational opportunities to those living in Charles, Calvert, and St. Mary’s Counties and throughout the region. The College of Southern Maryland began as a public community college serving Charles County residents in 1958 and has since grown into one of our state’s most highly respected institutions of higher education serving com-muter and remote learning students. Offering associates degrees in the arts, sciences, and teaching, the College served a total of more than 11,000 credit students at four campus lo-cations last year and an additional 20,000 stu-dents online. It hosts six women’s and six men’s intercollegiate NCJAA Division III ath-letic teams and nurtures a strong school pride among its students and alumni. The College also trains many students who are serving in the military or who have been recently dis-charged as veterans. Many of its graduates transfer to four-year colleges to pursue bach-elor degrees. During Dr. Gottfried’s tenure as President, the College has expanded to launch its Re-gional Hughesville Campus and its Center for Trades and Energy Training, which provides direct access to specialized training in career fields that have substantial growth potential, such as HVAC, electrical, construction, and plumbing. The College has also partnered with Southern Maryland businesses to create col-lege-to-career pipelines that help students learn in-demand skills in cybersecurity, robot-ics, and digital media, among others. He has been praised both for his sound management of the College’s finances and for his long-term vision for the College and how it can best serve its students. I’ve been proud to work closely with Dr. Gottfried to secure funding for the College of Southern Maryland’s STEM Workforce Initiative, to enable the College to add to its nursing and health care resources and technology, and to expand courses sup-porting those training for careers in construc-tion and transportation in our region. Dr. Gottfried is someone who believes strongly in the importance of community col-leges, as I do, to impact lives positively and add to the range of higher education options available for Maryland students. He came to the College of Southern Maryland with a long and experienced career as an academic and community college administrator. Having earned a Ph.D. in Zoology from Miami Univer-sity, Dr. Gottfried taught for many years and then became President of Sussex County Community College in New Jersey in 2000. He has also become a noted and accom-plished historian of the Civil War and has writ-ten extensively on the Battle of Gettysburg. The entire College of Southern Maryland com-munity and its partners across the region have been very fortunate to have Dr. Gottfried lead-ing the school these past eleven years, and he will be greatly missed. I join in congratulating Dr. Gottfried on his retirement and wishing him and his wife Linda all the best in the future. I also wish to con-gratulate incoming President Dr. Maureen Murphy, currently at Brookdale Community College in New Jersey, on her selection to take the reins from Dr. Gottfried and continue the work of making the College of Southern Maryland one of the premier community col-leges in the country. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF INFORUM FOR ITS SUCCESS IN PROVIDING MENTORSHIP AND PROFES-SIONAL OPPORTUNITIES TO WOMEN 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Inforum for its work on behalf of women. Since its founding 55 years ago, Inforum has provided effective mentorship and education opportunities for women throughout Michigan. Originally founded in 1962 as the Women’s Economic Club, the organization has grown and evolved over the years to meet its mission of empowering women to lead and succeed. Inforum hosts a variety of high-performing women leaders for lunches and roundtables to exchange ideas and foster leadership skills. Additionally, Inforum sponsors the Inforum Center for Leadership, an educational initiative that provides professional development through its training programs for mid-career women leaders. These include its Executive Leadership professional development pro-gram, a four-month program that combines in-dividual instruction, group exercises, and per-sonalized feedback to provide women with the skills to assume more senior and influential roles in their careers. Collectively, over 1,100 women have graduated from this program since its launch in 2003. Inforum has provided countless women with critical skills and training to succeed in the 21st century workforce. Its talent initiatives and programs provide targeted professional development to women of all backgrounds, in-cluding veterans and early-career women. As a result of its success, Inforum has expanded throughout Michigan to better serve its mem-bers. Today, the organization hosts additional 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25MY8.042 E25MYPT1lotter on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE733 May 25, 2017 
branches in Lansing, Grand Rapids, the Sagi-naw/Bay City area and southwest Michigan. The growth of the Inforum Center for Leader-ship, along with its long track record of edu-cating and empowering women, is a testament to the organization’s success, and it is my hope that Inforum continues to effectively serve a broad range of women throughout their careers. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to Join me in honoring Inforum for its record of pro-viding career skills and training that allows women to achieve success. Inforum provides resources and hosts a variety of programs that provide professional development for women. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE YOUNG AMERICANS FINANCIAL LIT-ERACY ACT 
HON. ANDRE´CARSON 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, today I am pleased to re-introduce the Young Ameri-cans Financial Literacy Act. Financial literacy is critical to ensuring future financial responsi-bility. Studies have shown that 87 percent of Americans believe finance education should be taught in schools and 92 percent of K–12 teachers believe that financial education should be taught in school, but only 12 per-cent of teachers actually teach the subject. Yet, according to a 2016 survey, only 1 in 3 states require high school students to take a personal finance course, and only five States require high school students to take a semes-ter long personal finance course. I believe that Congress has an opportunity and a responsibility to address the pressing needs of individuals faced with the loss of their financial stability and the challenges of economic uncertainty. This should include fi-nancial literacy education reform and long- term solutions to prevent future personal finan-cial disasters. Research-based financial lit-eracy education programs are needed to reach individuals at all ages and socio-economic levels, particularly those facing unique and challenging financial situations, such as high school graduates entering the workforce, soon-to-be and recent college grad-uates, young families, and to address the unique needs of military personnel and their families. High school and college students who are exposed to cumulative financial edu-cation show an increase in financial knowl-edge, which in turn drives increasingly respon-sible behavior as they become young adults. According to the Government Accountability Office, giving Americans the information they need to make effective financial decisions can be key to their well-being and to the country’s economic health. The recent financial crisis, when many borrowers failed to fully under-stand the risks associated with certain finan-cial products, underscored the need to im-prove individuals’ financial literacy and em-power all Americans to make informed finan-cial decisions. This is especially true for young people as they are earning their first pay-checks, securing student aid, and establishing their financial independence. Therefore, focus-ing economic education and financial literacy efforts and best practices for young people be-tween the ages of 8 through 24 is of utmost Importance. I believe America should be leading the world with the best-educated students who will drive our economic innovation and success, so please join me in cosponsoring the Young Americans Financial Literacy Act. This act: Establishes a grant program in the Bureau of Consumer Financial protection to develop and implement financial literacy programs for young people ages eight to twenty-four; Incentivizes the development of partnerships between institutions or higher education, local educational agencies, non-profit organizations, and financial institutions to develop programs aimed at young Americans in different phases of their life; Ensures the development of evidence-based instructional material that is geared towards targeted groups and addresses unique life sit-uations, including bankruptcy, foreclosure, stu-dent loans, credit card misuse; and Conducts ongoing assessment and account-ability of the program over the short-and long- term to ensure that grand money achieves the greatest impact. I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting the Young Americans Financial Lit-eracy Act. 
f 
EAGLE SCOUT KENT DURANTE 
HON. FRANCIS ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Kent Durante, who received his Eagle Scout pin posthumously this past Saturday. Kent lost his brave battle with cancer last November before he could fulfill his dream of becoming an Eagle Scout. Last weekend, he was honored at a ceremony along with two of his fellow scouts, where they achieved the highest rank Boy Scouts can achieve. For over a century, the Boy Scouts of Amer-ica have had an honored tradition of teaching young men essential life skills including out-door survival and leadership skills. As told to me, these times were cherished by Kent as, even after his diagnosis, he continued to re-main active in his troop and even graduated cum laude from Estero High School. It is understood in the scouting community that only about 4 percent of scouts attain the rank of Eagle. It is humbling to know that Kent is among this distinguished group. I would like to honor Kent for this well-deserved award. f 
HONORING STATEN ISLAND’S WORLD WAR II VETERANS 
HON. DANIEL M. DONOVAN, JR. 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, on May 31, 2017, the North Central Kiwanis Club will host a dinner honoring Staten Island’s World War II veterans. I rise today, Mr. Speaker, with im-mense gratitude for the patriotic sacrifice our WWII veterans gave to our country in its tri-umph over evil. After the bombing of Pearl Harbor by Japa-nese forces on December 7, 1941—the ‘‘date which will live in infamy,’’ as President Roo-sevelt so eloquently stated—the United States declared war on the Axis Powers, joining the United Kingdom, Soviet Union, Free French Forces, and China in their fight against bru-tality, barbarity, and oppression. We owe our lives to the servicemen who, without a mo-ment’s hesitation, leapt to defend their country and the world from Nazism and fascism. Moreover, many even lied about their age just so they could join the fight. The world will never forget their valor and courage. Life. Democracy. Freedom. Many take these for granted. If not for the veterans of the Sec-ond World War, those values would simply be an impossible dream. In a speech to the House of Commons on August 20, 1940, Prime Minister Winston Churchill declared, ‘‘Never in the field of human conflict was so much owed by so many to so few.’’ I cannot think of a better statement to describe what this nation owes to its WWII veterans. It is simply not possible to repay the insurmount-able debt we owe to them. Mr. Speaker, I wish to provide my ever-lasting thanks to the men who answered their country’s call in the moment when they were needed most. They are the saviors of our na-tion and for that, I salute them. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25MY8.046 E25MYPT1lotter on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D586 Thursday, May 25, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S3159–S3227 Measures Introduced: Sixty-one bills and seven res-olutions were introduced, as follows: S. 1229–1289, S.J. Res. 42–43, and S. Res. 179–183. 
                                                                                    Pages S3211–13 
Measures Reported: S. 512, to modernize the regulation of nuclear en-ergy, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–86) S. 692, to provide for integrated plan permits, to establish an Office of the Municipal Ombudsman, to promote green infrastructure, and to require the revi-sion of financial capability guidance, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–87) S. Res. 176, commemorating the 50th anniversary of the reunification of Jerusalem. S. 722, to impose sanctions with respect to Iran in relation to Iran’s ballistic missile program, sup-port for acts of international terrorism, and violations of human rights, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute.
                                                            Page S3210 
Measures Passed: Increasing the Department of Veterans Affairs Accountability to Veterans Act: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs was discharged from further consider-ation of S. 12, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the accountability of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amend-ment proposed thereto:
                                   Pages S3189–90 
McConnell (for Moran) Amendment No. 218, to improve the bill by striking section 2, relating to re-duction of benefits for senior executives and certain health care employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs convicted of a felony.
                       Pages S3189–90 
Department of Veterans Affairs Bonus Trans-parency Act: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs was discharged from further consideration of S. 114, to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit an annual re-port regarding performance awards and bonuses awarded to certain high-level employees of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, and the bill was then passed.                                                                             Page S3190 
Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick Whistleblower Protection Act: Senate passed S. 585, to provide greater whistle-blower protections for Federal employees, increased awareness of Federal whistleblower protections, and increased accountability and required discipline for Federal supervisors who retaliate against whistle-blowers, after agreeing to the committee amend-ments.
                                                                      Pages S3190–94 
National Public Works Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 181, designating the week of May 21 through May 27, 2017, as ‘‘National Public Works Week’’. 
                                                                                            Page S3225 
Melanoma Awareness Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 182, designating May 2017 as ‘‘Melanoma Awareness Month’’.
                                                   Page S3225 
Asian/Pacific American Heritage Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 183, recognizing the significance of May 2017 as Asian/Pacific American Heritage Month and as an important time to celebrate the significant contributions of Asian Americans and Pa-cific Islanders to the history of the United States. 
                                                                                            Page S3225 
Digital Coast Act: Senate passed S. 110, to re-quire the Secretary of Commerce, acting through the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration, to establish a constituent- driven program to provide a digital information platform capable of efficiently integrating coastal data with decision-support tools, training, and best practices and to support collection of priority coastal geospatial data to inform and improve local, State, regional, and Federal capacities to manage the coastal region.
                                                                     Pages S3225–26 
Silver Star Service Banner Day Act: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consid-eration of S. 917, to amend title 36, United States Code, to designate May 1 as ‘‘Silver Star Service Banner Day’’, and the bill was then passed. 
                                                                                    Pages S3226–27 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25MY7.REC D25MYPT1lotter on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D587 May 25, 2017 
Follow the Rules Act: Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 657, to amend title 5, United States Code, to extend certain protec-tions against prohibited personnel practices, and the bill was then passed.
                                                Page S3227 
Reunification of Jerusalem 50th Anniversary— Agreement: A unanimous-consent-time agreement was reached providing that following Leader remarks on Monday, June 5, 2017, Senate begin consider-ation of S. Res. 176, commemorating the 50th anni-versary of the reunification of Jerusalem, with the time until 5:30 p.m. equally divided in the usual form; and that at 5:30 p.m., Senate vote on adoption of the resolution, with no amendments or motions in order to the resolution or the preamble.
        Page S3186 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that at approximately 3 p.m., on Monday, June 5, 2017, Senate begin consideration of the reso-lution as under the previous order.
                  Page S3194 
Department of Veterans Affairs Accountability and Whistleblower Protection Act—Agreement: A unanimous-consent-time agreement was reached providing that following disposition of the nomina-tion of Courtney Elwood, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Central Intelligence Agency, Senate begin consideration of S. 1094, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the accountability of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, that the committee-reported substitute amendment be adopted, and that there be three hours of debate, equally divided in the usual form, and that following the use or yielding back of time, Senate vote on pas-sage of the bill, as amended, with no intervening ac-tion or debate.
                                                             Page S3194 
Pro Forma Sessions—Agreement: A unanimous- consent agreement was reached providing that the Senate adjourn, to then convene for pro forma ses-sions only, with no business being conducted on the following dates and times, and that following each pro forma session, the Senate adjourn until the next pro forma session: Friday, May 26, 2017 at 8:45 a.m.; Tuesday, May 30, 2017 at 7 a.m.; Friday, June 2, 2017 at 9 a.m.; and that when the Senate ad-journs on Friday, June 2, 2017, it next convene at 3 p.m., on Monday, June 5, 2017.
                   Page S3227 
Elwood Nomination—Agreement: A unanimous- consent agreement was reached providing that the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Courtney Elwood, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Central Intelligence Agency, be withdrawn, and that following Leader remarks on Tuesday, June 6, 2017, Senate resume consideration of the nomina-tion, with the time equally divided until 2:15 p.m.; and that at 2:15 p.m. on Tuesday, June 6, 2017, Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination.                                                                                             Page S3179 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: By 52 yeas to 44 nays (Vote No. EX. 137), Amul R. Thapar, of Kentucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit.
            Pages S3161–79, S3227 
3 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 54 Army nominations in the rank of general. 2 Marine Corps nominations in the rank of gen-eral. 22 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Marine Corps, and Navy.
                                               Pages S3186–88 
David L. Norquist, of Virginia, to be Under Sec-retary of Defense (Comptroller). Kari A. Bingen, of Virginia, to be a Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense. Robert Story Karem, of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense.
        Page S3188 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Robert R. Hood, of Georgia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense. Richard Ashooh, of New Hampshire, to be an As-sistant Secretary of Commerce. J. Paul Compton, Jr., of Alabama, to be General Counsel of the Department of Housing and Urban Development. Neal J. Rackleff, of Texas, to be an Assistant Sec-retary of the Department of Housing and Urban De-velopment. Karen Dunn Kelley, of Pennsylvania, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Economic Affairs. David S. Jonas, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Department of Energy. Gilbert B. Kaplan, of the District of Columbia, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for International Trade. Michael Arthur Raynor, of Maryland, to be Am-bassador to the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethi-opia. Brett Giroir, of Texas, to be Medical Director in the Regular Corps of the Public Health Service, sub-ject to the qualifications therefor as provided by law and regulations, and to be an Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services. Heather L. MacDougall, of Florida, to be a Mem-ber of the Occupational Safety and Health Review Commission for a term expiring April 27, 2023. Callista L. Gingrich, of Virginia, to be Ambas-sador to the Holy See. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25MY7.REC D25MYPT1lotter on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD588 May 25, 2017 
George Nesterczuk, of Virginia, to be Director of the Office of Personnel Management for a term of four years. 1 Navy nomination in the rank of admiral. 
                                                                                            Page S3227 
Nomination Withdrawn: Senate received notifica-tion of withdrawal of the following nomination: James Donovan, of Virginia, to be Deputy Sec-retary of the Treasury, which was sent to the Senate on May 16, 2017.
                                                      Page S3227 
Messages from the House:                         Pages S3209–10 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S3210 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S3210 
Executive Reports of Committees:       Pages S3210–11 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S3213–15 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S3215–25 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S3208–09 
Amendments Submitted:                                   Page S3225 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S3225 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S3225 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—137)
                                                                Page S3179 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10:30 a.m. and adjourned at 5:23 p.m., until 8:45 a.m. on Friday, May 26, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S3227.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
THE FARM ECONOMY Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Com-mittee concluded a hearing to examine the Farm Economy, focusing on perspectives on rural America, after receiving testimony from Robert Johansson, Chief Economist, Department of Agriculture; Na-than S. Kauffman, Assistant Vice President, Econo-mist, and Omaha Branch Executive, Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City; Alec Sheffer, Agri-AFC, Mont-gomery, Alabama; and Bruce Weber, Oregon State University, and Rural Policy Research Institute, Cor-vallis. APPROPRIATIONS: DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of Homeland Security concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Homeland Security, after receiving testimony from John F. Kelly, Secretary of Homeland Security. DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the posture of the Department of the Army in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2018 and the Future Years Defense Program, after receiving testimony from Robert M. Speer, Acting Secretary of the Army, and General Mark A. Milley, USA, Chief of Staff of the Army, both of the Department of Defense. PRESIDENT’S PROPOSED BUDGET Committee on the Budget: Committee concluded a hear-ing to examine the President’s proposed budget re-quest for fiscal year 2018, after receiving testimony from Mick Mulvaney, Director, Office of Manage-ment and Budget. NOMINATIONS Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Neil Chatterjee, of Kentucky, who was introduced by Senator McConnell, and Robert F. Powelson, of Pennsylvania, who was introduced by Senator Toomey, both to be a Member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, and Dan R. Brouillette, of Texas, who was introduced by Senator Cornyn, to be Deputy Secretary, all of the Department of Energy, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY BUDGET Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of the Treas-ury, and tax reform, after receiving testimony from Steven T. Mnuchin, Secretary of the Treasury. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee ordered fa-vorably reported the following business items: S. 722, to impose sanctions with respect to Iran in relation to Iran’s ballistic missile program, sup-port for acts of international terrorism, and violations of human rights, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 1221, to counter the influence of the Russian Federation in Europe and Eurasia, with amendments; S. 905, to require a report on, and to authorize technical assistance for, accountability for war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide in Syria, with amendments; H.R. 601, to enhance the transparency and accel-erate the impact of assistance provided under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to promote quality 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25MY7.REC D25MYPT1lotter on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D589 May 25, 2017 
basic education in developing countries, to better en-able such countries to achieve universal access to quality basic education and improved learning out-comes, to eliminate duplication and waste, with an amendment; S. 1141, to ensure that the United States pro-motes the meaningful participation of women in me-diation and negotiation processes seeking to prevent, mitigate, or resolve violent conflict; S. Res. 114, expressing the sense of the Senate on humanitarian crises in Nigeria, Somalia, South Sudan, and Yemen, with amendments; S. Res. 18, reaffirming the United States-Argen-tina partnership and recognizing Argentina’s eco-nomic reforms, with amendments; S. Res. 176, commemorating the 50th anniversary of the reunification of Jerusalem; and The nomination of Scott P. Brown, of New Hampshire, to be Ambassador to New Zealand, and to serve concurrently and without additional com-pensation as Ambassador to the Independent State of Samoa, Department of State, and routine lists in the Foreign Service. THE UNITED NATIONS HUMAN RIGHTS COUNCIL Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on Mul-tilateral International Development, Multilateral In-stitutions, and International Economic, Energy, and Environmental Policy concluded a hearing to exam-ine the United Nations Human Rights Council, after receiving testimony from Kristen Silverberg, former Assistant Secretary for International Organi-zation Affairs, and Tom Malinowski, former Assist-ant Secretary for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, both of the Department of State; Hillel C. Neuer, United Nations Watch, Geneva, Switzerland; and Ted Piccone, The Brookings Institution, Wash-ington, D.C. STOPPING THE SHIPMENT OF SYNTHETIC OPIOIDS Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations concluded a hearing to examine stopping the ship-ment of synthetic opioids, focusing on oversight of United States strategy to combat illicit drugs, after receiving testimony from Gregory D. Thome, Direc-tor, Office of Specialized and Technical Agencies, Bureau of International Organization Affairs, Depart-ment of State; Robert Cintron, Vice President, Net-work Operations, and Tammy Whitcomb, Acting Inspector General, both of the United States Postal Service; Robert E. Perez, Executive Assistant Com-missioner, Office of Operations Support, Customs and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Se-curity; Thomas Synan Jr., Newtown Police Depart-ment, Newtown, Ohio; Thomas P. Gilson, Cuyahoga County Medical Examiner, Cleveland, Ohio; Norm Schenk, United Parcel Service, Inc., Washington, D.C.; Michael Botticelli, Boston Medical Center Grayken Center for Addiction Medicine, Boston, Massachusetts; and Terry L. Horton, Christiana Care Health System, Wilmington, Delaware. BUSINESS MEETING Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to consider pending intelligence mat-ters. Committee recessed subject to the call. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. Committee recessed subject to the call. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 100 public bills, H.R. 15, 2650–2748; and 16 resolu-tions, H.J. Res. 102–104; H. Con. Res. 63; and H. Res. 357–369, were introduced.
                Pages H4601–07 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H4610–11 Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: H.R. 10, to create hope and opportunity for inves-tors, consumers, and entrepreneurs by ending bail-outs and Too Big to Fail, holding Washington and Wall Street accountable, eliminating red tape to in-crease access to capital and credit, and repealing the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25MY7.REC D25MYPT1lotter on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD590 May 25, 2017 
provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act that make Amer-ica less prosperous, less stable, and less free, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–153, Part 1).
                                                      Page H4604 
Protecting Against Child Exploitation Act of 2017: The House passed H.R. 1761, to amend title 18, United States Code, to criminalize the knowing consent of the visual depiction, or live transmission, of a minor engaged in sexually explicit conduct, by a recorded vote of 368 ayes to 51 noes, Roll No. 284.
                                                                          Pages H4582–90 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–19 shall be considered as adopted, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on the Judiciary now printed in the bill.
                     Page H4582 
Rejected: Jackson Lee (No. 1 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–152) that sought to ensure minors are not pun-ished as sex offenders (by a yea-and-nay vote of 180 yeas to 238 nays, Roll No. 283).
              Pages H4587–90 
H. Res. 352, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 1973) and (H.R. 1761) was agreed to yesterday, May 24th. Protecting Young Victims from Sexual Abuse Act of 2017: The House passed H.R. 1973, to pre-vent the sexual abuse of minors and amateur athletes by requiring the prompt reporting of sexual abuse to law enforcement authorities, by a yea-and-nay vote of 415 yeas to 3 nays, Roll No. 285. 
                                                                Pages H4575–82, H4590–91 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–20 shall be considered as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Com-mittee on the Judiciary now printed in the bill. 
                                                                                            Page H4579 
Agreed to: Johnson (LA) amendment (No. 1 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–152) that harmonizes language in the bill with language in the underlying statute; clarifies duties of national governing bodies with re-spect to implementing procedures pertaining to interactions between young athletes and adults; and makes small technical and conforming changes; and 
                                                                                    Pages H4580–81 
O’Halleran amendment (No. 3 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–152) that requires national gov-erning bodies to clearly list dedicated information and resources, which may include sexual assault hot-lines and victim support resources, on their official websites.
                                                                 Pages H4581–82 Withdrawn: Costa amendment (No. 2 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–152) that was offered and subsequently withdrawn that would have struck the word ‘‘reason-ably’’ from the bill to make the Senate statute of limitations apply rather than the House statute. 
                                                                                            Page H4581 
H. Res. 352, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 1973) and (H.R. 1761) was agreed to yesterday, May 24th. Amending section 1214 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for stays during a period that the Merit Systems Protection Board lacks a quorum: The House agreed to discharge from com-mittee and pass S. 1083, as amended by Representa-tive Jody B. Hice (GA), to amend section 1214 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for stays dur-ing a period that the Merit Systems Protection Board lacks a quorum.
                                            Page H4591 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 10 a.m. tomorrow, May 26.
                           Page H4591 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate today appears on page H4577. Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes and one recorded vote developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H4589–90, H4590, and H4591. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 1:16 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
APPROPRIATIONS—FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Agri-culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Admin-istration, and Related Agencies held a budget hear-ing on the Food and Drug Administration. Testi-mony was heard from Scott Gottleib, Commissioner, Food and Drug Administration. APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Com-merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies held a budget hearing on the Department of Commerce. Testimony was heard from Wilbur Ross, Secretary, Department of Commerce. APPROPRIATIONS—FOREST SERVICE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Inte-rior, Environment, and Related Agencies held a budget hearing on the Forest Service. Testimony was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25MY7.REC D25MYPT1lotter on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D591 May 25, 2017 
heard from Sonny Perdue, Secretary, Department of Agriculture; and Tom Tidwell, Chief, Forest Service. DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE FY 2018 BUDGET REQUEST FOR SEAPOWER AND PROJECTION FORCES Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Department of the Air Force FY 2018 Budget Request for Seapower and Projection Forces’’. Testi-mony was heard from Lieutenant General Arnold W. Bunch Jr., Military Deputy, Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition, U.S. Air Force; Lieutenant General Jerry D. Harris, Deputy Chief of Staff for Strategic Plans and Requirements, U.S. Air Force; and Major General Scott A. Vander Hamm, Assistant Deputy Chief of Staff, Operations, U.S. Air Force. FISCAL YEAR 2018 PRIORITIES FOR NUCLEAR FORCES AND ATOMIC ENERGY DEFENSE ACTIVITIES Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Stra-tegic Forces held a hearing entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2018 Priorities for Nuclear Forces and Atomic En-ergy Defense Activities’’. Testimony was heard from Vice Admiral Terry Benedict, Director, Navy Stra-tegic Systems Program; Susan Cange, Acting Assist-ant Secretary for Environmental Management, De-partment of Energy; Frank Klotz, Administrator, National Nuclear Security Administration; General Robin Rand, Commander, Air Force Global Strike Command; Rob Soofer, Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Nuclear and Missile Defense Policy, De-partment of Defense; and John Zangardi, Acting Chief Information Officer, Department of Defense. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a markup on H. Res. 351, condemning the violence and persecution in Chechnya; H. Res. 354, con-demning the violence against peaceful protesters out-side the Turkish Ambassador’s residence on May 16, 2017, and calling for the perpetrators to be brought to justice and measures to be taken to prevent simi-lar incidents in the future; H. Res. 355, condemning in the strongest terms the terrorist attacks in Man-chester, United Kingdom, on May 22, 2017, ex-pressing heartfelt condolences, and reaffirming un-wavering support for the special relationship between our peoples and nations in the wake of these attacks; H.R. 2484, the ‘‘Women, Peace, and Security Act of 2017’’; and S. 371, the ‘‘Department of State Au-thorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017, Improvements Act’’. H. Res. 354, H. Res. 355, and H.R. 2484 were or-dered reported, without amendment. H. Res. 351 and S. 371 were ordered reported, as amended. VIOLENCE OUTSIDE THE TURKISH AMBASSADOR’S RESIDENCE: THE RIGHT TO PEACEFUL PROTEST Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Eu-rope, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats held a hearing entitled ‘‘Violence Outside the Turkish Ambassador’s Residence: The Right to Peaceful Protest’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. VIETNAM: WHY RELIGIOUS FREEDOM AND HUMAN RIGHTS ARE CRITICAL TO U.S. NATIONAL INTEREST Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Viet-nam: Why Religious Freedom and Human Rights Are Critical to U.S. National Interest’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. IMPROPER PAYMENTS IN THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT: STUDENT AID Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Government Operations; and Sub-committee on Intergovernmental Affairs held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Improper Payments in the Federal Government: Student Aid’’. Testimony was heard from Kathleen S. Tighe, Inspector General, Depart-ment of Education; Jay Hurt, Chief Financial Offi-cer, Office of Federal Student Aid; and a public wit-ness. ALL WORK AND NO PAY: CHANGE ORDERS DELAYED FOR SMALL CONSTRUCTION CONTRACTORS Committee on Small Business: Subcommittee on Con-tracting and Workforce; and Subcommittee on In-vestigations, Oversight, and Regulations held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘All Work and No Pay: Change Or-ders Delayed for Small Construction Contractors’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, MAY 26, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25MY7.REC D25MYPT1lotter on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD592 May 25, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 8:45 a.m., Friday, May 26 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Friday, May 26 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: House will meet in a Pro Forma session at 10 a.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bacon, Don, Nebr., E730 Beatty, Joyce, Ohio, E725 Bergman, Jack, Mich., E727 Beyer, Donald S., Jr., Va., E727 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E722, E730 Blunt Rochester, Lisa, Del., E725 Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E720 Boyle, Brendan F., Pa., E721 Brady, Kevin, Tex., E729 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E727 Calvert, Ken, Calif., E725, E731 Carson, Andre´, Ind., E729, E733 Carter, John R., Tex., E723 Collins, Doug, Ga., E723 Conyers, John, Jr., Mich., E719 Costa, Jim, Calif., E727 Courtney, Joe, Conn., E729 DeSaulnier, Mark, Calif., E719, E731 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E722, E728, E732 Donovan, Daniel M., Jr, N.Y., E733 Dunn, Neal P., Fla., E725 Gaetz, Matt, Fla., E730 Hoyer, Steny H., Md., E726, E732 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E720 Keating, William R., Mass., E726 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E725 McEachin, A. Donald, Va., E726 Meadows, Mark, N.C., E731 Meehan, Patrick, Pa., E720, E731 Napolitano, Grace F., Calif., E721 Neal, Richard E., Mass., E724 O’Rourke, Beto, Tex., E728 Olson, Pete, Tex., E723, E732 Perry, Scott, Pa., E724 Polis, Jared, Colo., E728 Reed, Tom, N.Y., E723, E731 Rooney, Francis, Fla., E722, E733 Rothfus, Keith J., Pa., E721 Royce, Edward R., Calif., E721 Shimkus, John, Ill., E722, E724, E732 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E720 Stivers, Steve, Ohio, E728 Veasey, Marc A., Tex., E723 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E729 Womack, Steve, Ark., E719 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 May 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D25MY7.REC D25MYPT1lotter on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST