Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a dedicated public servant from the Sixth Congressional District of Illinois, Mayor Michael ‘‘Mickey’’ Straub of Burr Ridge. Al-most five years ago, Mayor Straub embarked on a historic and patriotic pilgrimage in honor 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Feb 10, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09FE8.001 E09FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE170 February 9, 2017 
of Lincoln and our veterans when he visited 50 capitols in 50 days. In 2012, between September 4 and October 17, Mayor Straub drove nearly 15,000 miles to 48 state capitols and flew to two others—Ha-waii and Alaska. His momentous journey began in Pennsylvania, and after a small cere-mony in Gettysburg outside the home where Lincoln finished writing the Address, he trav-eled to the state capitol in Harrisburg. Forty- three days later, he concluded his capitol jour-ney in Springfield, Illinois in front of the Lincoln Tomb. The historic and record breaking trip was no easy task. The trip cost over $20,000 and added a great many miles to his Lincoln Town Car, homage to the 16th President. Neverthe-less, Mayor Straub remained steadfast in his belief that the journey was a great success due to God and the American people saying, ‘‘I launched the trip on behalf of God and country, but it was actually God and country that pulled me through. It started more about principles and patriotism, but it was the people who kept me going.’’ Mayor Straub has represented his commu-nity well and has been a strong voice for the Village of Burr Ridge throughout his time in of-fice. His service to the people of Burr Ridge and to Illinois is truly commendable. It is our hope that the public will continue to benefit from his involvement as a valued member of the community and Mayor of Burr Ridge. Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratu-lating Mayor Mickey Straub on his historic journey across the United States, and also taking his lead in remembering the spirit of the Gettysburg Address and President Lincoln. 
f 
THE PASSING OF VAINO HASSAN SPENCER 
HON. KAREN BASS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 9, 2017 Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to honor the life and memory of California Ap-peals Court Justice Vaino Hassan Spencer. A month after Vaino was born in 1920, women gained the right to vote. She grew up during the Great Depression, started her pro-fessional career as a real estate broker, and married fellow broker Lorenzo Spencer in the late 1940s. She embarked on a legal career after graduating from Southwestern Law School in 1952, and practiced for nine years before then-governor Pat Brown appointed her to the Municipal Court bench in 1961, the first African American woman to hold a judgeship in California. She was elevated to the Superior Court in 1976 by then-Governor Jerry Brown, who went on to name her as presiding justice of Division One of the Second Appellate Dis-trict Court of Appeal in 1980, making her the first Black woman to sit on a California ap-peals court. Justice Spencer believed in the concept of ‘‘lift as you climb’’ and worked to create oppor-tunities for women and people of color, espe-cially in the legal profession. She founded the Black Women Lawyers Association of Los An-geles in 1974 to provide support to those al-ready in the profession, and to assist others with scholarships, mentoring and guidance. The very next year, she joined with another Appeals Court Justice to coordinate efforts in support of women nominated to federal and state supreme courts. That collaboration grew into the National Association of Women Judges, which aimed to increase the number of women in the judiciary and to address the gender bias problems experienced by the few women who were on the bench. President Jimmy Carter met with NAWJ in 1980, having appointed nearly four times the women to the federal bench (38) than had ever been ap-pointed by all of his predecessors. In remarks later, she said: ‘‘We have been warmly greeted [everywhere], and we’ve got-ten tremendous support, even from local judges who were openly resentful of our orga-nizing initially. They have come around to be quite supportive. . . .’’ She served one of the longest tenures on the bench in California history, retiring in 2007. I salute the life and legacy of Justice Spencer, a legacy of service to the legal profession, to the state of California and to the nation. f 
RECOGNIZING THE EXPANSION OF CYPRESS BAPTIST CHURCH 
HON. MIKE JOHNSON 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 9, 2017 Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor for me to rise and recognize the Cypress Baptist Church of Benton, Louisiana. For over thirty years, Cypress Baptist has blessed the lives of many in our region. Most recently, God has blessed Cypress Baptist Church with the means to expand their sanc-tuary to grow their ministry. Their mission, ‘‘to help people come to know Christ and to grow in Christ,’’ has been modeled by the church’s faithful congregation and their commitment to the Lord is unwaver-ing. Because of their continued stewardship, more and more people are answering the call of God by being baptized and carrying out crit-ical mission work. Over the past two years the communities of Benton and Bossier City and surrounding areas have come together to help Cypress Baptist in its mission. This church has touched the lives of so many, and is growing exponen-tially, and it is only fitting that God rewards them with the blessing of more space to carry out their service. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States Congress, I am privileged to recognize Cy-press Baptist Church and congratulate this pil-lar of our community on its continued dedica-tion to the Kingdom. Their new sanctuary will be a true blessing to the people of our com-munity. My wife, Kelly and I pray that the Spirit of the Lord continue to bless the congregation of Cypress Baptist Church. 
f 
URGING SENATE TO REJECT NOMI-NATION OF SEN. JEFF SESSIONS FOR ATTORNEY GENERAL 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 9, 2017 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the text of an op-ed that was published yesterday in The Hill, entitled ‘‘When It Comes to Leading the Justice De-partment, the Senate Should Just Say No To Sen. Sessions,’’ whose headquarters building is named after Robert F. Kennedy, by Con-gresswoman SHEILA JACKSON LEE. 
[From The Hill, Feb. 8, 2017] W
HENITCOMES TO LEADING THE JUSTICE DE-
PARTMENT , THE SENATE SHOULD JUSTSAY N
OT O SESSIONS  (By Sheila Jackson Lee) Many people think the role of the U.S. At-torney General is simply to be the nation’s chief prosecutor. This seriously understates the responsibility, power, and moral author-ity of the office. The attorney general is the lawyer for the American people. He is not the president’s lawyer. The Attorney Gen-eral leads the Department of Justice and jus-tice is his client and his mission. As a mem-ber of the President’s Cabinet, it is impor-tant that the Attorney General have the trust of the President, but as the ‘‘People’s Lawyer,’’ it is essential that he or she have the trust and confidence of the American people. The nomination of U.S. Sen. Jefferson Beauregard ‘‘Jeff’’ Sessions III of Alabama to be the next Attorney General of the United States does not inspire the required trust and confidence. Many of the senator’s supporters, ranging from his Republican colleagues in the Senate to current and former staffers to home state friends and constituents, praise the senator for his modesty and courtesy and manners. The four-term senator and former state and federal prosecutor is, we are told, learned in the law, a person of deep faith, a good man who loves his family, his state, and his coun-try. We can, as the lawyers say, stipulate that these assertions are true. But that does not make him an appropriate and deserving can-didate to be Attorney General of the United States. And that is because the office of At-torney General and the Department of Jus-tice he or she leads is different in a very fun-damental way from every other Cabinet de-partment. Unlike, say, the secretary of Transpor-tation or Commerce or Education, or even the secretary of Defense or State, the Attor-ney General leads a department that is charged with administering the laws and en-forcing the Constitutional guarantees and protections that directly affect every Amer-ican, all 320 million of us. Sen. Sessions may be a courtly and cour-teous Southern gentleman but those quali-ties, charming and desirable as they may be in a senator, simply are not nearly enough to make one fit to serve as Attorney General of the United States of America. The position of Attorney General is unique because he or she is the only Cabinet officer who owes a stronger allegiance to the Amer-ican people than to the president who nomi-nated him or her. This is not true even for the secretaries of State, of Defense, or of the Treasury because while they are all charged with upholding the Constitution, their views regarding the fundamental rights and civil liberties of the American people are not es-sential to the execution of their govern-mental duties. One of the major reasons why the nomina-tion of a sitting four-term senator to be At-torney General is unprecedented is that the role of a senator is to be a partisan advocate for specific legislative outcomes while the role of the Attorney General is to enforce the law. It is dangerous to combine this par-tisan zeal with the power and discretion vested in the Attorney General to shape legal policy in the federal judiciary. As At-torney General, Sen. Sessions will have an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Feb 10, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09FE8.001 E09FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE171 February 9, 2017 
outsized role in determining which cases will be brought and what position the United States will take in cases decided by the Su-preme Court. An alarming case in point is the Executive Order issued by the president banning Mus-lims from predominately Muslim countries from entering the United States, which has been denounced by leading national security and foreign policy experts, deemed unconsti-tutional by scores of law professors and other scholars, sparked peaceful mass dem-onstrations across the nation, and is opposed by a majority of the American public. The president’s ban on Muslims entering the United States was deemed such a clear and egregious violation of the Constitution that then Acting Attorney General Sally Yates announced that she could not, consistent with her oath, defend the order in court. Sen. Sessions, however, appears not be troubled in the slightest by the cavalier re-jection of the principle of religious liberty implicit in the executive order. This is hard-ly surprising since Sen. Sessions was one of the earliest, most influential, and enthusi-astic backers of the Trump presidential cam-paign and its unconscionable and unconstitu-tional immigration policies, including the ‘‘total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States’’ announced by candidate Trump in December 2015. As Sen. Sessions told ABC News in May 2016: ‘‘I don’t think Trump has gone too far, . . . we should have a temporary ban on entry of people into the country from the Muslim world, but that’s because we have an ineffective screen-ing process . . . so I think we’re moving in the right direction.’’ As noted by the more than 1,000 State De-partment employees who have registered their dissent to the executive order, because there has been a virtual absence of terror at-tacks committed in recent years by Syrian, Iraqi, Irani, Libyan, Somalia, Sudanese, and Yemeni nationals living in the United States, the president’s Muslim ban will have little practical effect in improving public safety. What it will do, however, is despoil our re-lations with these countries, and much of the Muslim world, which sees the ban, right-ly, as religiously-motivated. So instead of strengthening relations with countries that should be our allies and partners in the fight against terrorism, we alienate them, inflame sentiment against the United States among their citizens, and deprive ourselves of vital intelligence and resources needed to fight the root causes of terror. Adoption of this wrong-headed policy ap-pears to mean to Sen. Sessions that ‘‘we’re moving in the right direction.’’ That any member of the President’s Cabinet could hold these views is very troubling. That such views are held by the person who could be the Attorney General is frightening and dis-qualifying. After all, the U.S. Attorney General and Justice Department is not only the instru-ment of justice but also the living symbol of the Constitution’s promise of equal justice under law. The nation’s greatest Attorney Generals conveyed this commitment to equal justice by their prior experience, their words and deeds, and their character. Think Herbert Brownell, Attorney General for Republican President Eisenhower, who oversaw the integration of Little Rock’s Central High School. Think Robert Jackson, Attorney General for Democratic President Franklin Roosevelt, who led the prosecution team at the Nazi War Crimes trial in Nuremburg, Germany. Think Robert F. Ken-nedy, for whom the Main Justice Building is named, bringing to bear the instruments of federal power to protect Mississippi Freedom Riders and to stare down Gov. George Wal-lace in the successful effort to integrate the University of Alabama. Think Elliot Rich-ardson, Attorney General under Republican President Richard Nixon, who stood for fidel-ity to the U.S. Constitution and the rule of law in the infamous ‘Saturday Night Mas-sacre’ during the Watergate scandal. Those who argue the Sessions’ nomination is no different than those of Eric Holder and Loretta Lynch are simply wrong. The dif-ference is stark—Eric Holder and Loretta Lynch came to the office of Attorney Gen-eral as career professionals with no history or record of partisan political advocacy. Un-like Sen. Sessions, neither of them ever served in a legislative body or voted to pass or defeat the legislation the Department of Justice is charged with administering. Nothing in Sen. Sessions’ 70 years inspires any confidence that he possesses the quali-ties of any of our distinguished former At-torneys General and there is less reason for optimism that he will grow in office. As a U.S. senator from Alabama, the state from which the infamous Supreme Court de-cision in Shelby County v. Holder originated, Sen. Sessions has failed to play a construc-tive role in repairing the damage to the Vot-ing Rights Act caused by that decision. He was one of the leading opponents of the reau-thorization of the Violence Against Women Act. Sen. Sessions’s record in support of ef-forts to bring needed reform to the nation’s criminal justice system is virtually non-ex-istent. And his Senate voting record and rhetoric has endeared him to white nation-alist websites and organizations like Breitbart and Stormfront. Sen. Sessions was the first federal pros-ecutor in the country to bring charges against civil rights activists for voter fraud and has called the landmark Voting Rights Act ‘‘a piece of intrusive legislation.’’ He is one of the Senate’s most hostile opponents of comprehensive immigration reform and was a principal architect of the draconian and in-cendiary immigration policy advocated by the current president during the 2016 cam-paign. When it comes to the effort to diver-sify the federal judiciary in his home state of Alabama and the Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals, Sen. Sessions has at best been miss-ing in action. As Attorney General of the state of Ala-bama, Sen. Sessions fought to continue prac-tices that harmed schools predominantly at-tended by African-American students, in-cluding leading the fight to uphold the state of Alabama’s inequitable school funding mechanism after it had been deemed uncon-stitutional by the Alabama circuit court. Al-though Sen. Sessions has publicly taken credit for desegregation efforts in the state of Alabama, there is no evidence of his par-ticipation in the desegregation of Alabama schools or any school desegregation lawsuits filed by then-Attorney General Sessions. Sen. Session’s lengthy public record makes it difficult to place much faith in his testi-mony before the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee. After staunchly opposing the Vio-lence Against Women Act, the repeal of ‘‘Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell,’’ the expansion of anti-hate legislation to include sexual ori-entation, and fighting the removal of the Confederate flag from public buildings, the long-time opponent of voluntary desegrega-tion in Alabama now claims to be committed to the cause of equal opportunity for all Americans. The proponent of overruling Roe v. Wade now presents himself as a defender and protector of a woman’s right to choose. The outspoken advocate of unfettered Sec-ond Amendment rights now says he can be trusted to enforce the nation’s gun violence prevention laws. Actions speak louder than words, and in the case of Sen. Sessions his 30-year record of intense opposition on so many critical issues involving civil rights, women’s rights, voting rights, criminal justice and immigra-tion reform, and equal educational oppor-tunity is the most compelling and powerful evidence that he should not be confirmed by the Senate to be the nation’s 84th Attorney General. f 
RECOGNIZING THE POLISH LEGION MOTORCYCLE RIDING CLUB 
HON. BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 9, 2017 Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Polish Legion Motorcycle Riding Club. Since 2011 this organization has brought together members of our community of all ages who share a passion for riding mo-torcycles. I would like to give special recogni-tion to the group’s President, Szymon Moskal. Millions of citizens in the United States own and ride motorcycles, making ridership an American tradition. The Polish Legion Motor-cycle Riding Club continues the proud tradition of motorcycle ridership and enthusiasm found in my district, and across our great nation. It is my privilege to assist them during their trip to our nation’s capital. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 9, 2017 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House chamber for roll call vote 85 Tuesday, February 7, 2017. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Nay’’ on roll call vote 85. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF RULE SUB-MITTED BY DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION RELATING TO AC-COUNTABILITY AND STATE PLANS 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.J. Res. 57, the CRA Resolution for Disapproval of the Rule Sub-mitted by the Department of Education Relat-ing to Accountability and State Plans under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (ESEA). I oppose this legislation because the regula-tion Republicans seek to rescind is intended to reduce educational opportunities in student achievement, quality of instruction, college readiness and other important outcomes. ESEA, the national education law, rep-resents a longstanding commitment to equal opportunity for all students. ESEA authorizes state-run programs for eli-gible schools and districts eager to raise the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Feb 10, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09FE8.003 E09FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE172 February 9, 2017 
academic achievement of struggling learners and address the complex challenges that arise for students who live with disability, mobility problems, learning difficulties, poverty, or tran-sience, or who need to learn English. The original goal of the law, which remains today, was to improve educational equity for students from lower-income families by pro-viding federal funds to school districts serving poor students. Typically, these school districts receive less state and local funding than those serving more affluent children. Local property taxes are typically the pri-mary funding source for schools, and property values are much lower in poorer areas, mak-ing the funds critical to children demonstrating greater educational need. ESEA is the single largest source of federal spending on elementary and secondary edu-cation. ESEA demands accountability in state plans addressing deficiencies in high needs edu-cational policy in return for the taxpayer dol-lars. Because of this regulation states and dis-tricts must now show that they are working to meet the needs and providing a quality edu-cation to all of their students. When education policy folks talk about ac-countability, this is what they mean. Recognizing the continuing vital need for this landmark legislation, the 50-year-old Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 was reauthorized as the Every Student Suc-ceeds Act, with strong bipartisan majorities and it was signed by President Obama on De-cember 10, 2015. The joint resolution before us today, would nullify the rule finalized by the Department of Education on November 29, 2016, relating to accountability and state plans under the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. H.J. Res. 57 is the latest Republican at-tempt to dismantle the oversight and enforce-ment authority of the Department of Education and undermine public education. Thus far: The Trump Administration nominated Betsy DeVos, a candidate for Secretary of Education with no practical education experience who pledges to redirect $20 billion in federal fund-ing to private school voucher programs; Administration sources leaked plans to eliminate the Under Secretary position and outsource higher education policy to a task force headed by the controversial Jerry Falwell, Jr., the President of Liberty University; The Department removed all Every Student Succeeds Act technical assistance resources to the states from the public domain; and Republicans have filed two joint resolutions of disapproval to block and prevent re-regula-tion of key equity protections for students and educators—this bill and H.J. Res. 58, the Con-gressional Review Act (CRA) Resolution for Disapproval of the Rule Submitted by the De-partment of Education Relating to Teacher Preparation Issues. Mr. Speaker, current education law and pol-icy builds on key areas of progress in recent years, made possible by the efforts of edu-cators, communities, parents, and students across the country. Today, high school graduation rates are at all-time highs: Graduation rate of U.S. public high schools: 83.2 percent for the 2014–15 school year, an all-time high; pre-Obama: 75 percent By race and ethnicity: African Americans: 73 percent; pre-Obama: 61 percent Hispanics: 76 percent; pre-Obama: 64 per-cent Whites: 87 percent; pre-Obama: 81 percent American Indian/Alaska Native: 70 percent: pre-Obama: 64 percent Asian/Pacific Islander: 89 percent; pre- Obama: 91 percent Dropout rates are at historic lows. And more students are going to college than ever before. These achievements provide a firm founda-tion for further work to expand educational op-portunity and improve student outcomes under ESSA. ESSA includes provisions that will help to ensure success for students and schools. Below are just a few benefits provided by the ESSA: 1) Advances equity by upholding critical pro-tections for America’s disadvantaged and high-need students. 2) Require—for the first time, that all stu-dents in America be taught to high academic standards that will prepare them to succeed in college and careers. 3) Ensures that vital information is provided to educators, families, students, and commu-nities through annual statewide assessments that measure students’ progress toward those high standards. 4) Helps to support and grow local innova-tion including evidence-based and place- based interventions developed by local lead-ers and educator, consistent with our Investing in Innovation and Promise Neighborhoods. 5) Sustains and expands this administra-tion’s historic investments in increasing access to high-quality preschool. 6) Maintains an expectation that there will be accountability, and action to effect positive change in our lowest-performing schools, where groups of students are not making progress, and where graduation rates are low over extended periods of time. The Elementary and Secondary Education Act (ESEA) passed as a cornerstone of Presi-dent Lyndon. B. Johnson’s War on Poverty was signed into law on April 9, 1965. This law brought education into the forefront of the national assault on poverty and rep-resented a landmark commitment to equal ac-cess to quality education. The ESEA is a comprehensive statute that funds primary and secondary education, em-phasizing high standards and accountability. As mandated in the Act, funds are author-ized for professional development, instruc-tional materials, resources to support edu-cational programs, and the promotion of pa-rental involvement. The government has reauthorized the Act every five years since its enactment. President Johnson believed that full edu-cational opportunity should be our first national goal. From its inception, ESEA was a civil rights law. ESEA offered new grants to districts serving low-income students, federal grants for text-books and library books, funding for special education centers, and scholarships for low-in-come college students. Additionally, the law provided federal grants to state educational agencies to improve the quality of elementary and secondary edu-cation. The previous version of the law, the No Child Left Behind (NCLB) Act, was enacted in 2002. NCLB represented a significant step forward for our nation’s children in many respects, par-ticularly as it shined a light on where students were making progress and where they needed additional support, regardless of race, income, zip code, disability, home language, or back-ground. NCLB put in place measures that exposed achievement gaps among traditionally under-served students and their peers and spurred an important national dialogue on education improvement. This focus on accountability has been crit-ical in ensuring a quality education for all chil-dren, yet also revealed challenges in the ef-fective implementation of this goal. The law was scheduled for revision in 2007, and, over time, NCLB’s prescriptive require-ments became increasingly unworkable for schools and educators. Parents, educators, and elected officials across the country recognized that a strong, updated law was necessary to expand oppor-tunity to all students; support schools, teach-ers, and principals; and to strengthen our edu-cation system and economy. Recognizing this fact, in 2010, the Obama Administration joined a call from educators and families to create a better law that fo-cused on the clear goal of fully preparing all students for success in college and careers. Congress has responded to that call allow-ing the Every Student Succeeds Act to reflect many of the priorities previously debated. Additionally, in 2012, the Obama Adminis-tration began granting flexibility to states re-garding specific requirements of NCLB in ex-change for rigorous and comprehensive state- developed plans designed to close achieve-ment gaps, increase equity, improve the qual-ity of instruction, and increase outcomes for all students. The law today, offers flexibility to states 
from some of the previously more cum-bersome provisions. In order to qualify for this flexibility, states have to demonstrate that they have adopted college and career-ready standards and as-sessments, implemented school accountability systems that focused on the lowest-performing schools and those with the largest achieve-ment gaps, and ensured that districts were im-plementing teacher and principal evaluation and support systems. These efforts should not be compromised. H.J. Res. 57 however, puts politics before America’s 50 million public school students. It takes an axe to a consensus-driven ESSA rule that was developed with, and supported by, the broader education community, includ-ing states, districts, civil rights groups, parents, and teachers. Republicans want blanket deregulation of federal education programs in an attempt to stall implementation of equity-focused provi-sions and allow states and districts the ulti-mate flexibility to ignore laws and federal re-quirements intended to protect disadvantaged students. The CRA has been used only once in Con-gress’ history. Using it to block regulatory action to support and improve public education is extreme and a gross abuse of power. Resolutions introduced by Republicans in the last week, including H.J. Res. 57, set a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Feb 10, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09FE8.007 E09FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE173 February 9, 2017 
dangerous precedent by permanently under-mining the Department of Education and all federal agencies. ESSA was passed in December of 2015 with overwhelming bipartisan and bicameral support, and H.J. Res. 57 is a political power play that would undo enforcement of key eq-uity protections in this bipartisan civil rights law. States are currently drafting plans to imple-ment this very regulation. ESSA affords states and districts unprece-dented flexibility. H.J. Res. 57 would pull the rug out from under states and districts that are working hard to ensure the civil rights legacy of the law, leaving them without the clarity and direc-tion needed to fully use new flexibilities and meet federal requirements. H.J. Res. 57 strikes at the heart of ESSA. Blocking implementation and reregulation of ESSA’s core requirements in accountability, state plans, and data and reporting will leave States in limbo and jeopardize protections for vulnerable students that Democrats cham-pioned in reauthorization. If unhappy with the final rule, the Trump Ad-ministration should use administrative tools at its disposal to amend and revise the regula-tion. Use of CRA is a political gimmick that harms students, teachers, and taxpayers. I urge you to oppose this Republican scare tactic of a bill. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE HON. MP VIAN DAKHIL ON RECEIVING THE 2016 LANTOS HUMAN RIGHTS PRIZE 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, February 9, 2017 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to con-gratulate the Honorable MP Vian Dakhil on re-ceiving the 2016 Lantos Human Rights Prize. I was very appreciative of the Lantos Founda-tion for inviting me to participate in today’s ceremony conferring the award. For decades, Congressman Tom Lantos championed human rights in the U.S. House of Represent-atives, and I was very privileged to have served alongside him. Today, the Commission and the Foundation that bear his name con-tinue his vital work, fighting for human dignity for all people. MP Dakhil first captured the world’s atten-tion in August 2014 as she pleaded with the Iraqi parliament to help her people, the Yazidi, besieged on Mount Sinjar. Since then, she has spent the last two and a half years res-cuing girls and young women enslaved by the Islamic State, coordinating rescue missions into ISIS territory to bring girls and women out of bondage. Even as she continues to rep-resent her people in the Iraqi parliament, she works tirelessly to support survivors and chil-dren orphaned by the genocide. In taking a stand for the Yazidi people, MP Dakhil has embodied the very definition of heroism. Her bravery and moral clarity make her as fitting a recipient of the 2016 Lantos Human Rights Prize as any I can think of. The Yazidi people have suffered a grave in-justice at the hands of the Islamic State. ISIS has kidnapped and indoctrinated young boys into child soldiers. Thousands of men and women have been killed. Among the most savage of their crimes, the Islamic State has kidnapped thousands of Yazidi girls and women to sell on the market, creating a struc-tured system of organized kidnapping, rape, and sexual slavery. The horrific nature of these crimes is beyond condemnation. Today, between 3,000–4,000 Yazidi women and girls are still held captive by ISIS, the ‘‘bleeding wound of Iraq,’’ as MP Dakhil describes. As we gather here, we must recognize that the international community, the United States included, has in large part failed to act. We continue to fail to exercise our moral leader-ship to bring aid to those in need, even as crimes against humanity occur on a daily basis. Just two weeks ago, the world observed International Holocaust Remembrance Day. Many of us have heard the affirmation of ‘‘never again’’ in relation to the Holocaust. When I think of the Yazidi people, and the Shabak, the Turkmen, Shias, Sunnis, Chris-tians, the Rohinga, and the Darfuri, I ask my-self if the true meaning of this proclamation is, in fact, losing its meaning. Each of us has a responsibility to fight against injustice no mat-ter where we find it in the world. In Congress, I have introduced H.R. 379, the Justice for Yazidis Act, a proposal that would establish and fund vital programming for the Yazidi people and other religious minori-ties. My bill establishes a healthcare and psy-chosocial support program that places an em-phasis on providing trauma therapy for chil-dren and survivors of sexual slavery, as well as a psychologist, physical therapist, and so-cial worker training program to provide training to psychologists and social workers who speak Kurmanji or the Shengali dialect of Kurmanji. MP Dakhil already works tirelessly to support these types of programs. The United States can, and should, do more to as-sist in these noble and just efforts. Congressman Lantos used to say that; ‘‘the veneer of civilization is paper thin. We are its guardians. We can never rest.’’ I am proud to honor MP Dakhil as one of the world’s guard-ians. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF RULE SUB-MITTED BY DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION RELATING TO TEACHER PREPARATION ISSUES 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.J. Res. 58, the Con-gressional Review Act (CRA) Resolution for Disapproval of the Rule submitted by the De-partment of Education relating to Teacher Preparation Issues, because the regulation Republicans seek to rescind will have the ef-fect of reducing educational opportunities in student achievement, quality of instruction, college readiness and other important out-comes. Teaching is a very noble profession that shapes the character, caliber, and future of an individual and for many of our nation’s chil-dren, a teacher affects eternity; he or she can never tell where his influence stops. Teachers cannot however succeed in shap-ing the lives of our children if we as a society fail to equip them with the tools necessary to master and hone the craft they pass along to our youth. This joint resolution would nullify the Teach-er Preparation Issues rule finalized by the De-partment of Education on October 31, 2016, tying the hands of any and all future adminis-trations in improving the transparency and quality of teacher preparation programs until the Higher Education Act (HEA) is success-fully reauthorized. The Teacher Preparation Issues rule estab-lished indicators that States must use to report on teacher preparation program performance, to help ensure that the quality of teacher prep-aration programs is judged on reliable and valid indicators of program performance. Section 205 of the HEA requires States and institutions of higher education (IHEs) annually to report on various characteristics of their teacher preparation programs, including an as-sessment of program performance. Under the rule that this menacing legislation would obliterate requirements in the collection and dissemination of more meaningful data on teacher preparation program quality. These reporting requirements exist in part to ensure that members of the public, prospec-tive teachers and employers (districts and schools), and the States, IHEs, and programs themselves have accurate information on the quality of these teacher preparation programs. These requirements also provide an impetus to States and IHEs to make improvements where they are needed. The Department’s existing title II reporting system framework has not, however, ensured sufficient quality feedback to various stake-holders on program performance. A U.S. Government Accountability Office (GAO) report found that some States are not assessing whether teacher preparation pro-grams are low-performing, as required by law, and so prospective teachers may have dif-ficulty identifying low-performing teacher prep-aration programs, possibly resulting in teach-ers who are not fully prepared to educate chil-dren. In addition, struggling teacher preparation programs may not receive the technical assist-ance they need and, like the teaching can-didates themselves, school districts, and other stakeholders, will not be able to make in-formed decisions. The final regulations also link assessments of program performance under HEA title II to eligibility for the Federal TEACH Grant pro-gram. The TEACH Grant program, authorized by the HEA, provides grants to eligible IHEs, which, in turn, use the funds to provide grants of up to $4,000 annually to eligible teacher preparation candidates who agree to serve as full-time teachers in high-need fields at low-in-come schools for not less than four academic years within eight years after completing their courses of study. Thousands of novice teachers enter the pro-fession every year and their students deserve to have well-prepared teachers. Current educational policy is committed to ensuring that the measures by which States judge the quality of teacher preparation pro-grams reflect the true quality of the programs 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Feb 10, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09FE8.008 E09FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE174 February 9, 2017 
and provide information that facilitates pro-gram improvement and, by extension, im-provement in student achievement. H.J. Res. 58 is just another step in Repub-licans’ plan to dismantle the oversight and en-forcement authority of the Department of Edu-cation and undermine public education. H.J. Res. 58 flies in the face of Congres-sional intent, removing any sense of trans-parency related to teacher preparation pro-gram quality, and leaving these important eq-uity provisions without checks and balances indefinitely. H.J. Res 58 would ensure that there are no serious attempts to improve the quality of teacher preparation programs, since the CRA prevents future Departments of Education from regulating on a similar issue. If unhappy with the final rule, the Trump Ad-ministration should use administrative tools at its disposal to amend and revise the regula-tion. Use of CRA is a political gimmick that harms students, teachers, and taxpayers. Republicans want blanket deregulation of federal education programs in an attempt to stall implementation of equity-focused provi-sions and allow states and districts the ulti-mate flexibility to ignore laws and federal re-quirements intended to protect disadvantaged students. The CRA has been used only once in Con-gressional history. Using it to block regulatory action to im-prove teacher preparation program quality is extreme and a gross abuse of power. When we fail our teachers, we rob our chil-dren of long fought for opportunities to expand their horizons in classrooms and achieve in life the hope we have vested in them for the future. I urge you to oppose this bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Feb 10, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09FE8.010 E09FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D137 Thursday, February 9, 2017 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senator-Designate Luther Strange, of Alabama, was administered the oath of office by the President pro tempore. Senate confirmed the nomination of Thomas Price, of Georgia, to be Sec-retary of Health and Human Services. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S975–S1071 Measures Introduced: Four bills and one resolution were introduced, as follows: S. 347–350, and S. Res. 57.
                                                                                     Page S1070 
Measures Passed: Majority Party’s Membership on Certain Com-mittees: Senate agreed to S. Res. 57, to constitute the majority party’s membership on certain commit-tees for the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress, or until their successors are chosen.
                       Page S1071 
Swearing-in of Senator Strange: The Chair laid before the Senate the certificate of appointment of Senator-Designate Luther Strange, of the State of Alabama, and the oath of office was then adminis-tered as required by the U.S. Constitution and pre-scribed by law.
                                                              Page S999 
Mnuchin Nomination—Agreement: Senate re-sumed consideration of the nomination of Steven T. Mnuchin, of California, to be Secretary of the Treas-ury.
                                                                                    Page S1068 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 53 yeas to 46 nays (Vote No. 62), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                                  Page S1068 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination at approximately 9:30 a.m., on Friday, February 10, 2017, post-cloture; and that all time during Morn-ing Business, recess, or adjournment of the Senate count post-cloture on the nomination.
           Page S1071 
Shulkin and McMahon Nominations—Agree-ment: A unanimous-consent-time agreement was reached providing that notwithstanding rule XXII, following Leader remarks on Monday, February 13, 2017, there be up to 7 hours of debate remaining on nomination of Steven T. Mnuchin, of California, to be Secretary of the Treasury, and that following the disposition of the nomination, Senate begin con-sideration of the nomination of David J. Shulkin, of Pennsylvania, to be Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and that there be 10 mins of debate on the nomination, equally divided in the usual form, and that following the use or yielding back of time, Senate vote on con-firmation of the nomination, with no intervening ac-tion or debate; and that no further motions be in order; that following Leader remarks on Tuesday, February 14, 2017, Senate begin consideration of the nomination of Linda E. McMahon, of Connecticut, to be Administrator of the Small Business Administra-tion; and that the time until 11 a.m. be equally di-vided in the usual form, and that following the use or yielding back of time, Senate vote on confirma-tion of the nomination, with no intervening action or debate; and that no further motions be in order.                                                                                             Page S1068 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: By 52 yeas to 47 nays (Vote No. EX. 61), Thom-as Price, of Georgia, to be Secretary of Health and Human Services.
                           Pages S976–99, S999–S1068 
Additional Cosponsors:                                        Page S1070 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S1070–71 
Additional Statements:                                   Page S1069–70 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S1071 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S1071 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—62)
                                                             Page S1067–68 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:26 Feb 10, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09FE7.REC D09FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD138 February 9, 2017 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. on Thursday, February 9, 2017 and adjourned at 2:31 a.m. on Friday, February 10, 2017, until 9:30 a.m. on the same day. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S1071.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
AFGHANISTAN Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the situation in Afghanistan, after receiving testimony from General John W. Nicholson, Jr., USA, Commander, Resolute Support, Commander, United States Forces—Afghanistan, De-partment of Defense. UNITED STATES AND RUSSIA Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the United States, the Russian Federation, and the challenges ahead, after receiving testimony from General Philip M. Breedlove, USAF (Ret.), Atlantic Council, and Julianne Smith, Center for a New American Security Strategy and Statecraft Program, both of Washington, D.C. EMPOWERING MANAGERS Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Fed-eral Management concluded a hearing to examine empowering managers, focusing on ideas for a more effective Federal workforce, after receiving testimony from Robert E. Corsi, Jr., USAF (Ret.), former As-sistant Deputy Chief of Staff of the Air Force for Manpower, Personnel and Services, Burke, Virginia; Renee M. Johnson, Federal Managers Association, Alexandria, Virginia; and Bill Valdez, Senior Execu-tives Association, and J. David Cox, Sr., American Federation of Government Employees, AFL–CIO, both of Washington, D.C. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on the Judiciary: Committee ordered favor-ably reported S. 178, to prevent elder abuse and ex-ploitation and improve the justice system’s response to victims in elder abuse and exploitation cases. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. Committee recessed subject to the call. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 16 pub-lic bills, H.R. 985–1000; and 4 resolutions, H.J. Res. 70; and H. Res. 111–113, were introduced. 
                                                                                            Page H1099 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H1100 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Thomas J. Rooney (FL) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
             Page H1089 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. William Gurnee, St. Joseph’s Catholic Church, Washington, DC.
                 Page H1089 
Congressional-Executive Commission on the Peo-ple’s Republic of China—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Members on the part of the House to the Congressional-Executive Commission on the People’s Republic of China: Representative Smith (NJ), Co- Chairman; Representatives Pittenger, Franks (AZ), and Hultgren.                                                              Page H1089 
British-American Interparliamentary Group— Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Member on the part of the House to the British-American Interparliamen-tary Group: Representative Cole.
                      Page H1089 
Virgin Islands of the United States Centennial Commission—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Members on the part of the House to the Virgin Islands of the United States Centennial Commission: Representa-tives MacArthur and Love.
                                   Page H1089 
House Democracy Partnership—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Members to the House Democracy Partnership: Representatives Buchanan, Fortenberry, Conaway, Walorski, Smith (NE), Knight, Rice (SC), Womack, Woodall, and Flores.
                          Page H1089 
Canada-United States Interparliamentary Group—Appointment: The Chair announced the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:26 Feb 10, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09FE7.REC D09FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D139 February 9, 2017 
Speaker’s appointment of the following Members on the part of the House to the Canada-United States Interparliamentary Group: Representative Huizenga, Chairman; Representatives Young (AK), Poliquin, and Cramer.
                                                                  Page H1089 
Mexico-United States Interparliamentary Group—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Members on the part of the House to the Mexico-United States Interparliamentary Group: Representative McCaul, Chairman; Representative Duffy, Vice-Chairman; Representatives Hurd and Pearce.
                    Page H1090 
John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Member on the part of the House to the Board of Trustees of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts: Representative Comstock.
                         Page H1090 
National Historical Publications and Records Commission—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Member on the part of the House to the National Historical Publications and Records Commission: Representa-tive Meadows.
                                                              Page H1090 
Western Hemisphere Drug Policy Commission— Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following individual on the part of the House to the Western Hemisphere Drug Pol-icy Commission: Ms. Mary Bono, Washington, DC. 
                                                                                            Page H1090 
Board of Visitors to the United States Naval Academy—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Members on the part of the House to the Board of Visitors to the United States Naval Academy: Representatives Murphy (PA) and DeSantis.
                                 Page H1090 United States Holocaust Memorial Council—Ap-pointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s ap-pointment of the following Members on the part of the House to the United States Holocaust Memorial Council: Representatives Ros-Lehtinen, Zeldin, and Kustoff (TN).
                                                              Page H1090 
President’s Export Council—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Members on the part of the House to the President’s Export Council: Representatives Tiberi, Kelly (PA), and Reichert.
                                     Page H1090 
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appear on page H1090. Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no yea-and-nay votes, and there were no recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 2:30 p.m. and ad-journed at 2:37 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:26 Feb 10, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09FE7.REC D09FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD140 February 9, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Friday, February 10 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate will continue consideration of the nomination of Steven T. Mnuchin, of California, to be Secretary of the Treasury, post-cloture. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Monday, February 13 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bass, Karen, Calif., E170 Fitzpatrick, Brian K., Pa., E171 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E171 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E173 Johnson, Mike, La., E170 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E170, E171, E173 Price, Tom, Ga., E169 Roskam, Peter J., Ill., E169 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:26 Feb 10, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D09FE7.REC D09FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST