Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mourn the passing of the Chinese human rights advocate and Nobel Prize Laureate, Liu Xiaobo, who died last Thursday in China, under guard. The world has lost an incomparably courageous advocate who was dedi-cated to advancing human rights and the rule of law, and paid for them with his own freedom and life. Liu’s passing last week in Chinese custody marked a tragic end to over a decade of persecution by the Chinese authorities who relentlessly mistreated him as he gradually became a symbol of the pro-democracy movement around the globe. In 2010, the Nobel Peace Committee awarded him the Peace Prize for his thoughtful advocacy for reform and for his courageous support of the pro-de-mocracy document Charter 08. A year prior to the Nobel Peace Prize being awarded to Liu, in 2009, Chinese authorities tried him for subversion of state power, for which he received an 11-year sentence. Given his rising stat-ure in the international community, they imprisoned him in secret loca-tions away from family, supporters, or international media. They kept him from receiving the Peace Prize and put pressure on the committee to rescind the award, in addition to doing every-thing they could to prevent Liu’s sup-porters from attending the ceremony in Norway. They routinely censored and con-tinue to censor the internet for ref-erences to Liu and other pro-democ-racy advocates and ideas. China was so afraid of the power of his words and the bravery of his ac-tions that while Liu was suffering from severe illness, Chinese authorities adopted the ultimate cruelty of not let-ting him leave China for medical help that experts said might save his life. For China, the supreme goal was his si-lence. The more we care about human rights and freedom, the more we must now mark his death and remember him not by being silent ourselves. I first came to know about Liu’s work a few years after the Congres-sional-Executive Commission on China was created as part of the debate over China’s ascension to the World Trade Organization and concerns from Mem-bers of Congress over China’s human rights record. In 2000, I coauthored the legislation that created the China commission to help advance and monitor human rights abuses in China. The commis-sion continues to do important work and continues today by shining a spot-light on many issues such as abuses in labor, environment, and freedom of speech and association. While he was the most prominent voice in China against its repression of human rights and democratic values, Liu was not as well known in his life as another brave voice, Andrei Sakharov. His voice and action occurred during the Cold War, where there was a full press against the Soviet Union, includ-ing its suppression of freedom. He sup-ported numerous efforts for freedom, including those of another noble war-rior for freedom, Natan Sharansky. Like Sakharov, Liu was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize, but both were kept in virtual imprisonment and not al-lowed to go to Stockholm. Liu’s battles for freedom occurred when China’s economic and political power were rising. The United States and other nations were wrestling with how to adapt, and relations with China have been increasingly infused with concerns about security, including the nuclearization of North Korea. So there has been a tendency for concerns in other nations about human rights and freedom in China to take a back seat. This is a major change from the days of Tiananmen Square, and events elsewhere then in China. My son, Andy Levin was in Chengdu during demonstrations there for free-dom and he managed amidst all the dan-gerous turbulence to cable a vivid article about the struggle for freedom there to the Detroit News. Chinese authorities have also relentlessly harassed his widow, Liu Xia (Lew Tsia), by keeping her in isolation, under house arrest for weeks at a time, and monitoring her every move. For as long as she remains there, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.000 H17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5888 July 17, 2017 
authorities will continue to see her as a sym-bol of dissent, and continue to harass her in every way imaginable. The U.S. government at all levels, including the highest, must speak up clearly for her freedom. I end today by leaving you with Liu words to his wife on the last day before his trial for sub-version of state power in 2009: ‘‘Even if I am crushed into powder, I will em-brace you with ashes. I will calmly face the im-pending trial, with no regrets for my choices, and will look forward with hope to tomorrow.’’ 
f 
HONORING FORMER SENATOR BOB DOLE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. M
ARSHALL ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to wish former Kansas Senator Bob Dole a happy 94th birthday, which he celebrated this weekend. Born in Russell, Kansas, 94 years ago, Senator Dole dedicated his life to being a public servant. In 1945, after nearly giving his life in World War II, then- 2nd Lieutenant Bob Dole earned two Purple Hearts and the Bronze Star for his combat valor in Italy. He would later, of course, win the Presidential Medal of Freedom. After serving as the Representative for the First District, the district I rep-resent, he became Senator Bob Dole in 1968. I well remember sitting in my own classroom of third grade in Ms. Hileman’s class at Jefferson grade school and reading our weekly reader, reading about a very contentious race involving Bob Dole. And, of course, Senator Dole went on to win that race and to serve Kansas until his 1996 Pres-idential run. To date, Senator Dole has the record for the longest serving Republican leader in the Senate. Currently, Sen-ator Dole keeps a very busy schedule working here in Washington, D.C., and continues public service in a variety of ways. On many Saturdays, he can be seen greeting veterans at the World War II Memorial, something I have had the pleasure of doing with him. His international impact is still felt in programs like the McGovern-Dole International Food for Education pro-gram, which helps fight childhood hun-ger and poverty by providing nutrition to more than 22 million school children in 41 developing countries. Mr. Speaker, as this body debates legislation and its impacts, we would do well to keep in mind leaders like Senator Dole, who never forgot about the human impact of each bill, who has embodied public service his entire life, and who never forgot where he was from, Russell, Kansas. Happy 94th birthday to my friend, our mentor, our fellow Kansan, Sen-ator Bob Dole. 
WELCOME HOME FIRST INFANTRY DIVISION  
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to welcome home our First In-fantry Division Headquarters, who have been stationed in Iraq for the last 9 months, advising and assisting Iraqi security forces. Approximately 150 soldiers in the di-vision returned home this weekend, with the rest returning to Fort Riley later this month. Major General Mar-tin, the commanding general of the First Infantry Division at Fort Riley, was among the soldiers who returned home recently. We thank him for his service abroad and are looking forward to working with him at Fort Riley. This marks the first time that al-most our entire division is back home together on one post. However, one aviation battalion is still currently de-ployed in the Republic of Korea. These soldiers and their families, especially their families, sacrifice greatly, and it certainly does not go unnoticed. They are part of a distinguished divi-sion, the Big Red One, and return home just in time for celebrations of the di-vision’s 100th anniversary. Welcome home to General Martin and the rest of his troops. HONORING AMELIA EARHART  
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge one of Kansas’ most well-known natives, Amelia Ear-hart. Amelia was raised in Atchison, Kan-sas, and would be 120 years old this month, and this month also is the 80th anniversary of her disappearance. After taking her first plane ride in 1920, she soared to the top of the avia-tion world attempting to accomplish the audacious flight around the world. Amelia’s history has helped shape the future Kansas would have in aerospace industry today. Her numerous accomplishments, such as being the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic and being elected president of The Ninety-Nines, a wom-en’s aviation club, has helped pave the way for Kansans today and make her print in history. Thanks, in part, to Amelia, 67 per-cent of the general aviation fleet has been manufactured in Kansas since 1919. It is an honor to have her from Kansas, and on her birthday, to recog-nize all she has done for Kansas, avia-tion, women, and our national pride. 
f 
WHO HAS CONTROL OVER OUR SKIES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. A
BRAHAM ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring attention to a very crit-ical issue that has occurred concerning our skies and the control thereof. Our U.S. airspace is the busiest air-space in the world and, alone, is the safest and most successful. We have over 87,000 flights per day in the United States airspace. Our wonderful friends from Canada, just to the north, have only a mere fraction of that. For decades, our air traffic control has been successfully managed under the FAA with the oversight of Congress and the American taxpayer. Like any system, there is always room for im-provement and modernization. How-ever, there are some who think that the only way to get to modernization is through privatization. This could not be further from the truth. Congress will soon begin debating an FAA reauthorization bill. Chairman SHUSTER and the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure have done a commendable job and worked tire-lessly to craft a bill that brings much- needed reforms to the FAA. However, I strongly disagree with the idea to give control of air traffic services to a pri-vate corporation governed by a board made up of special interests. There are just too many reasons why this is a bad idea. Under the plan, the corporation would operate air traffic control by charging flyers user fees. A private cor-poration concerned with raising money from user fees will be heavily incentivized to prioritize air traffic services where it can raise the most money. This incentive would be very harmful to constituents like mine in rural areas who could very well see a reduction in air traffic services. Further, a private user fee model would undoubtedly reduce revenues to the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, as the administration’s own budget pre-dicts. This fund is critical for upgrades and maintenance in small- and me-dium-sized airports across the country. Reliable air traffic services and air-port infrastructure are essential for rural areas to attract business, for eco-nomic growth, and for Americans to have access to safe and efficient travel. This plan is bad for rural America. Spinning off air traffic control to a private corporation is also a major li-ability for the American taxpayer. The administration’s budget predicts that privatization of air traffic control would cost almost $46 billion over 10 years. These costs would be com-pounded by the fact that the private corporation will be required to hire all current Federal air traffic employees, continue to contribute to their Federal benefits and healthcare, and continue to collectively bargain with their union representatives. This is hardly privatization and hardly moderniza-tion. Even more concerning, the taxpayers would likely be on the hook if the cor-poration took on more debt than it can pay for and is unable to safely operate our skies. Yes, the bill says there is no Federal guarantee for the corporation, but this hasn’t stopped the Federal Government from being forced to bail out other so- called private corporations to the tune of hundreds of billions of dollars such as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Our airspace is a public resource and a great national treasure. Control over it should not be handed over to a pri-vate board with no oversight from Con-gress and, therefore, no obligation to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.002 H17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5889 July 17, 2017 
represent the best interests of the citi-zens of the United States. b1215 Modernization should continue to be our goal, and Congress can get there without jeopardizing control and safety of our national airspace. I look forward to working with my colleagues and the President to mod-ernize our airspace while making sure that it remains the safest and most ac-cessible in the world. 
f 
RECOGNIZING APPOINTEES TO MILITARY SERVICE ACADEMIES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, every year, I have the pleasure of nominating outstanding young men and women from the 27th Congres-sional District of Texas to the United States military service academies. Recently, I held a lunch for this year’s ten appointees and their fami-lies, who have received an appointment to one of the five service academies. I enjoyed visiting with these young folks and their families and would like to recognize each of them for their com-mitment to protect our great Nation. They are: Jose Aguirre, from Corpus Christi, Texas, a 2017 graduate of Foy H. Moody High School, who will attend the United States Naval Academy; Aaron Jeffrey Frahm, from Corpus Christi, Texas, a 2017 graduate from Marine Military Academy, who will at-tend the United States Merchant Ma-rine Academy; Specialist David Zane Ledbetter, United States Army, from Victoria, Texas, a graduate of Victoria West High School, who will attend the U.S. Military Academy, West Point; Kaila Celiene Lusson, from Corpus Christi, Texas, a 2017 graduate of Aviano High School, Aviano Air Base, Italy, who will attend the Air Force Academy; Caleb Michael McCann, from Sinton, Texas, a 2016 graduate of Flour Bluff High School, who will attend the Air Force Academy; John T. McNiff, from Corpus Christi, Texas, a 2017 graduate of Incarnate Word Academy, who will attend the U.S. Coast Guard Academy; Kalista Courtney Schauer, from Cor-pus Christi, Texas, a 2017 graduate of Richard King High School, who will at-tend the U.S. Military Academy, West Point; Clayton Daley Thompson, from Cor-pus Christi, Texas, a 2016 graduate of Flour Bluff High School, who will at-tend the United States Naval Academy; Cassandra Hamer, from Corpus Chris-ti, Texas, a 2017 graduate of Richard King High School, who will attend the U.S. Coast Guard Academy; and Josh Smith, from Victoria, Texas, a 2017 graduate of Victoria West High School, who will attend the United States Air Force Academy. Each of them brings great pride to all of us in the 27th District of Texas. I wish them the best of luck in their academies, and I look forward to hear-ing great things about their service to our Nation. RECOGNIZING DREW SCOTT  
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I was walking along the Cannon tunnel and was looking at all of the art from the Congressional Art Competition. As Members know, each year, thousands of high school students from every con-gressional district submit their art-work to their Member of Congress for the annual Congressional Art Competi-tion. Helping inspire these young peo-ple to become active in the things they are passionate about, like art, is one of my favorite parts of my job. Today, I would like to recognize Drew Scott, the winner of this year’s Congressional Art Competition for the 27th District of Texas. She is a junior at Rockport-Fulton High School, and she won this year’s contest with an original colored pencil drawing ‘‘Com-plimentary Calico.’’ It is a drawing of one of her friend’s cats. Earlier this year, I visited Rockport- Fulton High School to announce Drew as the winner, and I recently had the pleasure of hosting Drew and her fam-ily when they traveled to Washington for the unveiling of her artwork in the Cannon tunnel. I thank everyone who submitted their artwork for this year’s competi-tion. It was an extremely hard decision for the judges. And congratulations to Drew. I look forward to seeing next year’s entrants. I would like to encour-age all high school students to partici-pate in this wonderful opportunity. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 18 minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. F
ERGUSON ) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Eternal God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Strengthen the constitutional com-mitments of the Members of this peo-ple’s House as they return to the Cap-itol today. Guide and sustain them in Your wisdom and inspire all, especially those in leadership, with the insights needed to assist our Nation at this time. During these warm days of summer, may the discourse on the floor and in committees be noted more for light than heat, that the important work to be done might redound to the benefit of all Americans. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. W
ILSON ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
HOUSE OVERWHELMINGLY PASSES THE NATIONAL DEFENSE AU-THORIZATION ACT (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, last week the House of Rep-resentatives overwhelmingly passed the National Defense Authorization Act with a bipartisan vote of 344–81. This bill represents a strong commit-ment to enacting accounting reforms and rebuilding our military. As chairman of the House Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness, I am grateful that this bill modernizes our forces and begins to close the read-iness gap facing our servicemembers, fulfilling President Donald Trump’s pledge to rebuild the American mili-tary. This legislation also supports mili-tary families by providing the largest pay raise in 8 years and by giving mili-tary families greater flexibility when relocating during the school year. The primary function of the national government is to provide for our na-tional defense, to ensure that our serv-icemembers have the training, equip-ment, and resources they need to achieve the goal as established by Sen-ator Barry Goldwater, ‘‘Why Not Vic-tory.’’ I appreciate the determined leader-ship of Chairman M
ACTHORNBERRY , and I look forward to continuing to work with him to advance the legisla-tion through the conference process. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.004 H17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5890 July 17, 2017 
CONGRATULATING COMMANDER HUGGAN ON HIS CAREER (Mr. DUNN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate an exceptional member of the United States Navy on the event of his retirement, Commander Doug Huggan. On Friday, July 14, Commander Huggan completed his tour as the com-manding officer of the Naval Support Activity Florida. This caps a long and distinguished career. His service to the Navy started as an E–6 airborne command pilot and has taken him around the world, from the European Command to Japan, and fi-nally to Panama City. While at NSA Panama City, Com-mander Huggan led over 3,000 Active- Duty and civilian personnel in per-forming critical missions, including surface warfare training, explosive ord-nance disposal, salvage training, and experimental diving. His leadership over the last 2 years in the Second District is a testament to the core values instilled upon all those who serve in the Navy. Mr. Speaker, please join me in saying thank you to Commander Huggan and his family for their years of service and sacrifice, and wish them luck as they move on to enjoy a new chapter in their life. 
f 
NORTH KOREA IS A SLAVE TRADER (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, a new soccer stadium in St. Petersburg, a luxury apartment complex in Mos-cow, all brought to Russia by North Korean slaves. That is right. These slaves get almost no wages, no holi-days, with little food or sleep. Little Kim not only enslaves his own people at home, he runs an inter-national slave trade. The slave net-work brings in $2 billion to $3 billion every year to the North Korean mili-tary complex and helps little Kim evade sanctions. This is state-spon-sored human trafficking and slavery. The slaves are not just sent to Rus-sia. It is troublemakers like China and Qatar, too, that are slave destinations. Secretary Tillerson has called upon all countries to fully implement U.N. Security Council resolutions to sever or downgrade diplomatic relations with North Korea in order to financially iso-late that country. It is time these countries comply with the United Na-tions resolutions, and we must send a united message to North Korea: End your slave trade and stop the saber rat-tling. And that is just the way it is. IF DONALD TRUMP, JR., WERE A DEMOCRAT (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, if Donald Trump, Jr., were a Democrat, the media would be defending him for doing what every campaign does: con-ducting opposition research. The media would be praising him for ending a meeting when it became obvious there was no evidence to back up an inform-ant’s allegations. The media would be pointing out that many countries’ leaders openly supported Barack Obama for President, including those from the United Kingdom, France, Sweden, and Nicaragua. Maybe the real crime is the media’s double standard. In their irrational ob-session with destroying the Trump Presidency, the liberal media have for-gotten journalism’s profound responsi-bility: to be fair and objective. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 4:45 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 7 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1645 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. B
ACON ) at 4 o’clock and 45 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2210) to designate the community living center of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs in Butler Township, But-ler County, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Ser-geant Joseph George Kusick VA Com-munity Living Center’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2210 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Sergeant Joseph George Kusick of Bruin, Pennsylvania, was assigned to the command and control detachment of the 5th Special Forces Group (Airborne) of the Army during the Vietnam War. (2) On November 8, 1967, Kusick distin-guished himself by exceptionally valorous actions while serving as a radio operator of a special forces reconnaissance team on a combat mission deep in hostile territory. (3) During an enemy ambush, Kusick, though seriously wounded, refused aid and radioed the forward air controller to advise him of the critical situation. (4) While the team leader led a withdrawal to a landing zone, Kusick maintained con-tact with the controller and requested emer-gency extraction. (5) Realizing the importance of having a radio operator on the ground to direct land-ings, Kusick refused evacuation by the first helicopter. (6) After the second helicopter was shot down, and in the midst of enemy fire, Kusick continued to maintain radio contact and called for a hoist extraction of the men still remaining on the ground. (7) The last helicopter, which Kusick boarded, was shot down by intense Viet Cong fire and crashed in flames, resulting in Kusick’s death. (8) On December 22, 1967, Kusick was post-humously awarded the Silver Star Medal for gallantry in action. (9) The citation to accompany the award of the Silver Star Medal stated that ‘‘Kusick’s gallantry in action, at the cost of his life, was in keeping with the highest traditions of the military service and reflects great credit upon himself, his unit, and the United States Army’’. 
SEC. 2. SERGEANT JOSEPH GEORGE KUSICK VA COMMUNITY LIVING CENTER. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The community living center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Butler Township, Butler County, Pennsyl-vania, shall after the date of the enactment of this Act be known and designated as the ‘‘Sergeant Joseph George Kusick VA Com-munity Living Center’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in any law, regulation, map, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the com-munity living center referred to in sub-section (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Sergeant Joseph George Kusick VA Community Living Center’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
UNN) and the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2210, a bill to designate the De-partment of Veterans Affairs Commu-nity Living Center in Butler Township, Pennsylvania, as the Sergeant Joseph George Kusick VA Community Living Center. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.008 H17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5891 July 17, 2017 
Sergeant Kusick, a native of Bruin, Pennsylvania, served in the United States Special Forces during the Viet-nam war. During a combat mission, deep in hostile territory, on November 8, 1967, Sergeant Kusick was seriously wounded during an ambush by enemy forces. Wounded, yet refusing aid and initial evacuation, he remained in the midst of battle to help secure emergency ex-traction for his fellow soldiers. The helicopter that Sergeant Kusick finally boarded was shot down by Viet Cong fire and Sergeant Kusick’s life was lost. He was just 22 years old. Sergeant Kusick was posthumously awarded the Silver Star for ‘‘ . . . gal-lantry in action, at the cost of his life . . . in keeping with the highest tradi-tions of the military service and re-flects great credit upon himself, his unit, and the United States Army.’’ It is only fitting and appropriate that we honor Sergeant Kusick’s service and sacrifice by naming the VA Butler Healthcare’s Community Living Center after him. H.R. 2210 is sponsored by Congress-man M
IKEKELLY , from Pennsylvania, and I am grateful to him for intro-ducing it and allowing us to honor and forever remember this great American hero. This legislation satisfies all of the committee’s naming criteria and, as such, is supported by the entire Pennsylvania congressional delegation, as well as by many veterans service or-ganizations. Once again, I thank Congressman K
ELLY for sponsoring this legislation, and I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 2210, a bill to designate the Community Liv-ing Center of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs in Butler Township, But-ler County, Pennsylvania, as the Ser-geant Joseph George Kusick VA Com-munity Living Center. Sergeant Joseph George Kusick was awarded the Silver Star for sacrificing his life in an effort to ensure that as many of his comrades as possible made it home from Vietnam. The resulting recovery effort was to be recorded by the squadron as one of the largest and most hazardous on record. As a radio operator, Sergeant Kusick served as the connection between the 5th Special Forces Group, who found themselves under enemy ambush, and the forward air controller charged with coordinating their evacuation. Although Sergeant Kusick was seri-ously injured during the ambush, he re-fused multiple offers to evacuate, ulti-mately refusing two helicopters, only to board a helicopter that was then shot down by intense Viet Cong fire. His bravery and sacrifice earned him a posthumously awarded Silver Star with the following citation: ‘‘Kusick’s gallantry in action, at the cost of his life, was in keeping with the highest traditions of the military service and reflects great credit upon himself, his unit, and the United States Army.’’ Mr. Speaker, I salute Sergeant Kusick for his selfless bravery, and I support the passage of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 10 minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. KELLY ). Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 2210. This bill will designate the Department of Veterans Affairs Com-munity Living Center in my hometown of Butler, Pennsylvania, as the Ser-geant Joseph George Kusick VA Com-munity Living Center. This is something you have heard al-ready, but I want you to understand something, and if we can look for a minute outside of the people’s House into thinking of who we actually are as a people. This is a young guy, 22 years old, at the very beginning of his life. At a time when most of us are looking for-ward to so many great things hap-pening to us, he put himself in harm’s way. Now, when you think of what Ser-geant Kusick did, it is incredible that this young man, on a hillside in Viet-nam under heavy Viet Cong fire, and being seriously wounded himself, when asked: Listen, Sergeant, get on the hel-icopter. We can get you out of there. He said: ‘‘No, because if I leave, my comrades cannot be saved.’’ What an incredible place to put yourself in, a 22- year-old who just a couple of years ear-lier was in Butler, Pennsylvania, en-joying all that life has to offer, and all of the potential of that life, and put-ting the welfare of others and the safe-ty of others before himself. That is an incredible position to put yourself in. We have already talked about the medal that Sergeant Kusick was given, and what it meant to everybody. But there is just so much about Sergeant Kusick, and all of these veterans, and all of these folks who have put them-selves in harm’s way. The one thing that comes out all the time is, there is no place quite as unique as the United States of America; there is nothing quite as unique as our men and women in uniform; there is nothing quite as unique as people who are willing to put themselves second and put the lives and safety of others first. That is just not something people normally do. Sergeant Kusick did that on that hillside, seriously wounded, working on the radios. He knew that if he didn’t stay, the other people wouldn’t get extracted. He stayed there, under heavy enemy fire, and watched what was going on, watched the helicopters come in to extract his teammates. And I think of it all the time: Where do people like Sergeant Kusick come from? And do you know where they come from? They come from all of these small towns and cities across America. They don’t think of them-selves as being unique. They don’t think of their sacrifice as being excep-tional. They don’t think of what they have done as being out of the ordinary because it is just who we are as Ameri-cans. As I think about these things, I am called to bring out something that I have read, and this is in a different war at a different time. It is a dedication stone at the Korean War Memorial, not too far from our Nation’s steps. At the point of the triangle leading to the American flag is a dedication which reads: ‘‘Our Nation honors her sons and daughters who answered the call to de-fend a country they never knew and a people they never met.’’ A country they never knew, and a people they never met, and they put their life on the line to defend those lives. That is incredible. I would just suggest to people, you can go around this world and hunt for other people like this, and you will find them, but you will not find them in as great num-bers as you find right here in the United States of America. I don’t know if Sergeant Kusick was a Republican or a Democrat. I don’t know how he voted. I knew where he grew up, because that is where I grew up. I knew who he was because he is from the same area I am from. The only difference in all of us may be the town we grew up and our last name, but the rest of it is all the same. The same blood that coursed through Sergeant Kusick’s veins is the same blood that courses through all of our veins. And he was so willing, so willing to sacrifice his life for saving others. Well, this didn’t happen by chance. I have got to tell you that what we are doing today to honor Sergeant Kusick was due to the work of The American Legion, the Disabled American Vet-erans, the Veterans of Foreign Wars, and especially the tireless effort of the Third Congressional District Military- Veterans Advocacy group, and my friend, Sergeant Art Greathead, who tirelessly did the research on this. We ran through all of the things we have to run through, and for those folks who don’t know, this is not an easy thing to do. This is hard work to get this done, to honor a hero. But that work was done by all of these folks in a way of saying ‘‘thank you’’ to one of America’s fallen heros; ‘‘thank you’’ to one of American’s heros who has been long forgotten in some circles, but not back home. We remember Sergeant Kusick. We honor Sergeant Kusick. We thank him for his sacrifice, and we point to a country that is forever grateful to our women and men in uniform for the great sacrifice that they make. But I want to go back to one other thing: 22 years old. Twenty-two, at a time when life is just starting, never again to be able to celebrate a birthday; never again to celebrate Christmas, or Thanksgiving; never again to celebrate a family reunion, but forever lost—but 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.012 H17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5892 July 17, 2017 
lost for a good reason. He gave his life so that others may survive. The way they were able to identify Sergeant Kusick’s remains—by the way, the helicopter he finally got in after everybody else would have been extracted was shot down, went down in flames. There were dog tags on two of the remains that were recovered. The other body that was recovered did not have dog tags on, but do you know what Sergeant Kusick had? He had his radio pack. To the very end, Sergeant Kusick was doing what he was required to do and what he wanted to do, and he not only gave up his life but gave up his en-tire future. I can’t tell you how much I appre-ciate this, and I can’t tell you how much this means to the people of But-ler, Pennsylvania, but more than any-thing else, to Sergeant Kusick for the sacrifice of a life. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I associate myself with the remarks of the gentleman from Pennsylvania. I am very thankful that the gentleman has brought Congress’ attention to Ser-geant Kusick’s deed on behalf of our Nation. I was reflecting on his youth, 22 years old, and to think that so many younger, his age, step forward to de-fend our Nation and to give up their lives. I think it is well for all of us in this Chamber to reflect on that sacrifice as we struggle to reach across the aisle and to come to agreement to serve our country, to note the ultimate sacrifice that they put forward. I thank you very much for the effort you have taken to remember a great American hero. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speak-ers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman—our colleagues— for his kind comments, and also espe-cially Representative K
ELLY for bring-ing forward this outstanding bill. I en-courage all Members to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
UNN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2210. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, on that I de-mand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. b1700 GRANTING CONSENT AND AP-PROVAL OF CONGRESS TO AMEND WASHINGTON AREA TRANSIT REGULATION COMPACT Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 92) granting the consent and approval of Congress for the Commonwealth of Virginia, the State of Maryland, and the District of Columbia to amend the Washington Area Transit Regulation Compact. The Clerk read the title of the joint resolution. The text of the joint resolution is as follows: H.J. R ES. 92 Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Congress in title III of the Fixing Amer-ica’s Surface Transportation Act (section 3026, Public Law 114–94) provided sole author-ity to the Secretary of Transportation to ap-point Federal Directors to the Board of Di-rectors of the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority and required the signa-tory parties to the Compact to amend the Compact as necessary. (2) Legislation enacted by the State of Maryland, the Commonwealth of Virginia, and the District of Columbia contains the amendments to the Washington Metropoli-tan Area Transit Regulation Compact pursu-ant to section 3026(b) of the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act (Public Law 114– 94). 
SEC. 2. CONSENT OF CONGRESS TO COMPACT AMENDMENTS. 
(a) C ONSENT .—Consent of Congress is given to the amendments of the State of Maryland, the amendments of the Commonwealth of Virginia, and the amendments of the District of Columbia to section 5, of title III of the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Reg-ulation Compact. (b) A
MENDMENTS .—The amendments re-ferred to in subsection (a) amending section 5 of such Compact are substantially as fol-lows: ‘‘(a) The Authority shall be governed by a Board of eight Directors consisting of two Directors for each Signatory and two for the Federal Government (one of whom shall be a regular passenger and customer of the bus or rail service of the Authority). For Virginia, the Directors shall be appointed by the Northern Virginia Transportation Commis-sion; for the District of Columbia by the Council of the District of Columbia; for Maryland, by the Washington Suburban Transit Commission; and for the Federal Government, by the Secretary of the United States Department of Transportation. For Virginia and Maryland, the Directors shall be appointed from among the members of the appointing body, except as otherwise pro-vided herein, and shall serve for a term coin-cident with their term on the appointing body. A Director for a Signatory may be re-moved or suspended from office only as pro-vided by the law of the Signatory from which he was appointed. The non-Federal appoint-ing authorities shall also appoint an alter-nate for each Director. In addition, the Sec-retary of the United States Department of Transportation shall also appoint two non-voting members who shall serve as the alter-nates for the Federal Directors. An alternate Director may act only in the absence of the Director for whom he has been appointed an alternate, except that, in the case of the Dis-trict of Columbia where only one Director and his alternate are present, such alternate may act on behalf of the absent Director. Each alternate, including the Federal non-voting Directors, shall serve at the pleasure of the appointing authority. In the event of a vacancy in the Office of Director or alter-nate, it shall be filled in the same manner as an original appointment. ‘‘(b) Before entering upon the duties of his office each Director and alternate director shall take and subscribe to the following oath (or affirmation) of office or any such other oath or affirmation, if any, as the Con-stitution or laws of the Government he rep-resents shall provide: ‘I, llllllllllllllllllll , here- by solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will sup-port and defend the Constitution of the United States and the Constitution and Laws of the state or political jurisdiction from which I was appointed as a Director (alter-nate director) of the Board of Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority and will faithfully discharge the duties of the of-fice upon which I am about to enter.’.’’. SEC. 3. RIGHT TO ALTER, AMEND, OR REPEAL. 
The right to alter, amend, or repeal this joint resolution is expressly reserved. The consent granted by this joint resolution shall not be construed as impairing or in any manner affecting any right or jurisdiction of the United States in and over the region that forms the subject of the Compact. 
SEC. 4. CONSTRUCTION AND SEVERABILITY. 
It is intended that the provisions of this Compact shall be reasonably and liberally construed to effectuate the purposes thereof. If any part or application of this Compact, or legislation enabling the Compact, is held in-valid, the remainder of the Compact or its application to other situations or persons shall not be affected. 
SEC. 5. INCONSISTENCY OF LANGUAGE. 
The validity of this Compact shall not be affected by any insubstantial differences in its form or language as adopted by the State of Maryland, the Commonwealth of Virginia, and the District of Columbia. 
SEC. 6. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This joint resolution shall take effect on the date of enactment of this joint resolu-tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C OL-
LINS of New York). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. R
ASKIN ) each will con-trol 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on H.J. Res. 92, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, H.J. Res. 92, introduced by my Virginia colleague, Representa-tive C
OMSTOCK , concerns the Wash-ington-area transit system. The resolu-tion makes needed administrative amendments to the longstanding Wash-ington Metropolitan Area Transit Reg-ulation Compact. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.013 H17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5893 July 17, 2017 
These amendments are required under section 3026 of the Fixing Amer-ica’s Surface Transportation, or FAST, Act. That section transferred from the Administrator of General Services to the Secretary of Transportation sole authority to appoint Federal directors to the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority board of directors. It further required Virginia, Maryland, and the District of Columbia to adopt any necessary conforming amendments to the Washington Area Transit Regu-lation Compact. The jurisdictions adopted the needed amendments as required. H.J. Res. 92 accordingly grants Congress’ approval to the amendments. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this resolution, and I thank Members on both sides of the aisle, in-cluding Congresswoman C
OMSTOCK , for their good work on this. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.J. Res. 92. I thank my colleague from Virginia (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ), the chairman of the committee, for leading this measure, and I am very happy to lend my support to the resolution. This resolution would grant congres-sional consent to amendments to the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Regulation Compact Authority pursu-ant to legislation already enacted by the District of Columbia, Maryland, and Virginia, respectively. Established in 1967, the WMATA is an interstate compact agency responsible for operating the mass transit system for the Washington Metropolitan area. As part of a broader effort to pro-mote safety and efficiency in the WMATA Metrorail system, Congress transferred appointment authority for the WMATA board of directors to the Secretary of Transportation through enactment of the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act in 2015, the so-called FAST Act. Under the FAST Act, Congress also directed the WMATA jurisdictions to adopt con-forming compact amendments. H.J. Res. 92 is a bipartisan measure that would grant Congress’ consent to these amendments to the WMATA compact. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ), who is the chief sponsor of the legislation. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my resolution, H.J. Res. 92, which lends congressional approval to an amendment made to the WMATA interstate compact. As was mentioned, the last iteration of the highway bill, the FAST Act, con-tained a provision that directed Vir-ginia, Maryland, and D.C. to amend the compact to change appointment au-thority for the Federal directors on the WMATA board from the administrator of the GSA to the more appropriate Secretary of Transportation. This was a very commonsense change that was made in light of recent inci-dents and accidents and the real need to have a top priority for safety. The Secretary of Transportation, I believe, is in a much better position to appoint directors to the Metro board than the administrator of the GSA. The States of Virginia and Maryland as well as D.C. complied with this direc-tive and amended the compact, and we are all in agreement here. The previous Secretary of Transpor-tation last year appointed two very well-qualified candidates to serve as the Federal directors on the WMATA board. The final legal step that we are tak-ing today here in this equation is for Congress to lend its approval to the change, and that is what this resolu-tion does. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this resolution. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ). Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank my very good friend Representative J
AMIE RASKIN for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, I was ranking member of the subcommittee that had jurisdic-tion over the FAST Act when we re-ceived the request from the region—the Maryland, District of Columbia, and Virginia region—to transfer the au-thority to appoint directors to the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority board from the GSA to the Department of Transportation. For the life of me, I can’t remember why this authority was given to the GSA in the first place. But it may have been because WMATA was considered simply an agency of interest to the Federal Government. On consideration, under the FAST Act, we agreed that the Department of Transportation was, by far, the more appropriate agency to appoint Federal directors—understand there are local directors—but Federal directors to WMATA. There are also Federal direc-tors to the WMATA board. This is of great interest to the re-gion. I recognize it is not monumental for the Congress, but the region very much needs this joint resolution. All three jurisdictions—the District of Co-lumbia, Maryland, and Virginia—have made their administrative changes, but these changes need to be confirmed by this body. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mrs. C
OMSTOCK  for her leadership with this joint reso-lution, and I ask that the entire body approve it. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I simply want to, again, commend Mrs. C
OM-
STOCK for her leadership on this legisla-tion. I thank all of our fellow members in the regional delegation in Maryland, Virginia, and the District of Columbia for their collaborative work on this issue, and House Judiciary Committee Chairman GOODLATTE for facilitating the resolution’s consideration by both the committee and the House. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this fine legislation. I thank everybody for their good work, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.J. Res. 92. This Resolution would grant Congress’ con-sent to certain amendments to the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Regulation Compact Authority pursuant to legislation enacted by the District of Columbia, Maryland, and Vir-ginia, respectively. Congress originally consented to this Com-pact in 1960 and—from time-to-time—the Compact has been amended with Congress’ consent, as needed. The current necessity for H.J. Res. 92 is prompted by the enactment of the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act of 2015. In pertinent part, this Act gave sole authority to the Secretary of Transportation to appoint federal directors to the board of directors of the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Regulation Compact. To implement this directive, each of the Compact participants had to enact legislation amending the Compact. H.J. Res. 92 grants Congress’ consent to these amendments to the Compact as ap-proved by each of the participating states and the District of Columbia. This bipartisan measure, which effectuates Congress’ directive of 2015, is cosponsored by all of the Congressional Members rep-resenting jurisdictions affected by the Metrorail system. I support this commonsense measure and I urge its swift passage. I commend Represent-ative C
OMSTOCK for her leadership on this im-portant legislation and I thank House Judiciary Chairman G
OODLATTE for facilitating its timely consideration by both the Committee and the House. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I support H.J. Res. 92 granting consent and approval from Congress for the Commonwealth of Vir-ginia, the State of Maryland, and the District of Columbia to amend the Washington Area Transit Regulation Compact. As Houston is a major transportation hub, I understand and appreciate the importance of this legislation. The Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority (WMATA), an interstate compact agency, provides transportation services to millions of people each year. It is imperative that the WMATA be safe and effective because it is essential to the com-merce and prosperity of the National Capitol Region. The District of Columbia, the Common-wealth of Virginia, and the State of Maryland intend to create the Washington Metrorail Safety Commission to act as the state safety oversight authority for the WMATA system under 49 U.S.C. 5329. In title III of the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act (section 3026, Public Law 114–94), the Congress provided sole authority to the Secretary of Transportation to appoint Federal Directors to the Board of Directors of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.016 H17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5894 July 17, 2017 
the WMATA and required the signatory parties to the Compact to amend the Compact as necessary. This compact is created for the benefit of the people of the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Virginia, and the State of Maryland so that there may be an increase in their safety, commerce, and prosperity. I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting H.J. Res. 92. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the joint resolution, H.J. Res. 92. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
GRANTING CONSENT AND AP-PROVAL OF CONGRESS TO ES-TABLISH WASHINGTON METRO-RAIL SAFETY COMMISSION Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 76) granting the consent and approval of Congress for the Commonwealth of Virginia, the State of Maryland, and the District of Columbia to a enter into a compact re-lating to the establishment of the Washington Metrorail Safety Commis-sion, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the joint resolution. The text of the joint resolution is as follows: 
H.J. R ES. 76 Whereas the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority, an interstate com-pact agency of the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Virginia, and the State of Maryland, provides transportation services to millions of people each year, the safety of whom is paramount; Whereas an effective and safe Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority system is essential to the commerce and prosperity of the National Capital region; Whereas the Tri-State Oversight Com-mittee, created by a memorandum of under-standing amongst these 3 jurisdictions, has provided safety oversight of the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority; Whereas 49 U.S.C. 5329 requires the cre-ation of a legally and financially inde-pendent state authority for safety oversight of all fixed rail transit facilities; Whereas the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Virginia, and the State of Maryland intend to create a Washington Metrorail Safety Commission to act as the state safety oversight authority for the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Au-thority system under 49 U.S.C. 5329; and Whereas this compact is created for the benefit of the people of the District of Co-lumbia, the Commonwealth of Virginia, and the State of Maryland and for the increase of their safety, commerce, and prosperity. Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, CONSENT AND APPROVAL OF CONGRESS  S
ECTION 1. The consent and approval of Con-gress is hereby given for the Commonwealth of Virginia, the State of Maryland, and the Dis-trict of Columbia to enter into a compact for the safety oversight of the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority Metrorail system (known as the Metrorail Safety Commission Interstate Compact), which has been negotiated by representatives of the State, the Common-wealth, and the District, substantially as fol-lows: ‘‘ARTICLE I ‘‘DEFINITIONS ‘‘1. As used in this MSC Compact, the fol-lowing words and terms shall have the meanings set forth below, unless the context clearly re-quires a different meaning. Capitalized terms used herein, but not otherwise defined in this MSC Compact, shall have the definition set forth in regulations issued under 49 U.S.C. § 5329, as they may be revised from time to time. ‘‘(a) ‘Alternate Member’ means an alternate member of the Board; ‘‘(b) ‘Board’ means the board of directors of the Commission; ‘‘(c) ‘Commission’ means the Washington Met-rorail Safety Commission; ‘‘(d) ‘Member’ means a member of the Board; ‘‘(e) ‘MSC Compact’ means this Washington Metrorail Safety Commission Interstate Com-pact; ‘‘(f) ‘Public Transportation Agency Safety Plan’ means the comprehensive agency safety plan for a rail transit agency required by 49 U.S.C. § 5329 and the regulations issued there-under, as may be amended or revised from time to time; ‘‘(g) ‘Public Transportation Safety Certifi-cation Training Program’ means the federal cer-tification training program, as established and amended from time to time by applicable federal laws and regulations, for federal and state em-ployees, or other designated personnel, who con-duct safety audits and examinations of public transportation systems, and employees of public transportation agencies directly responsible for safety oversight; ‘‘(h) ‘Safety Sensitive Position’ means any po-sition held by a WMATA employee or contractor designated in the Public Transportation Agency Safety Plan for the WMATA Rail System and approved by the Commission as directly or indi-rectly affecting the safety of the passengers or employees of the WMATA Rail System; ‘‘(i) ‘Signatory’ means the State of Maryland, the Commonwealth of Virginia, and the District of Columbia; ‘‘(j) ‘State’, ‘state’, or ‘jurisdiction’ means the District of Columbia, the State of Maryland, or the Commonwealth of Virginia; ‘‘(k) ‘Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority’ or ‘WMATA’ is the entity created by the WMATA Compact, which entity is respon-sible for providing certain rail fixed guideway public transportation system services; ‘‘(l) ‘WMATA Compact’ means the Wash-ington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority Compact, approved November 6, 1966 (80 Stat. 1324; D.C. Official Code § 9–1107.01 et seq.); and ‘‘(m) ‘WMATA Rail System’ or ‘Metrorail’ means the rail fixed guideway public transpor-tation system and all other real and personal property owned, leased, operated, or otherwise used by WMATA rail services and shall include WMATA rail projects under design or construc-tion by owners other than WMATA. ‘‘ARTICLE II ‘‘PURPOSE AND FUNCTIONS ‘‘2. The Signatories to the WMATA Compact hereby adopt this MSC Compact pursuant to 49 U.S.C. § 5329. The Commission created here-under shall have safety regulatory and enforce-ment authority over the WMATA Rail System and shall act as the state safety oversight au-thority for WMATA under 49 U.S.C. § 5329, as may be amended from time to time. WMATA shall be subject to the Commission’s rules, regu-lations, actions, and orders. ‘‘3. The purpose of this MSC Compact is to create a state safety oversight authority for the WMATA Rail System, pursuant to the mandate of federal law, as a common agency of each Sig-natory, empowered in the manner hereinafter set forth to review, approve, oversee, and en-force the safety of the WMATA Rail System, in-cluding, without limitation, to: ‘‘(a) Have exclusive safety oversight authority and responsibility over the WMATA Rail System pursuant to federal law, including, without lim-itation, the power to restrict, suspend, or pro-hibit rail service on all or part of the WMATA Rail System as set forth in this MSC Compact; ‘‘(b) Develop and adopt a written state safety oversight program standard; ‘‘(c) Review and approve the WMATA Public Transportation Agency Safety Plan; ‘‘(d) Investigate hazards, incidents, and acci-dents on the WMATA Rail System; ‘‘(e) Require, review, approve, oversee, and enforce Corrective Action Plans developed by WMATA; and ‘‘(f) Meet other requirements of federal and State law relating to safety oversight of the WMATA Rail System. ‘‘ARTICLE III ‘‘ESTABLISHMENT AND ORGANIZATION ‘‘A. Washington Metrorail Safety Commission ‘‘4. The Commission is hereby created as an instrumentality of each Signatory, which shall be a public body corporate and politic, and which shall have the powers and duties set forth in this MSC Compact. ‘‘5. The Commission shall be financially and legally independent from WMATA. ‘‘B. Board Membership ‘‘6. The Commission shall be governed by a Board of 6 Members with 2 Members appointed or reappointed (including to fill an unexpired term) by each Signatory pursuant to the Sig-natory’s applicable laws. ‘‘7. Each Signatory shall also appoint or re-appoint (including to fill an unexpired term) one Alternate Member pursuant to the Sig-natory’s applicable laws. ‘‘8. An Alternate Member shall participate and take action as a Member only in the ab-sence of one or both Members appointed from the same jurisdiction as the Alternate Member’s appointing jurisdiction and, in such instances, may cast a single vote. ‘‘9. Members and Alternate Members shall have backgrounds in transit safety, transpor-tation, relevant engineering disciplines, or pub-lic finance. ‘‘10. No Member or Alternate Member shall si-multaneously hold an elected public office, serve on the WMATA board of directors, be employed by WMATA, or be a contractor to WMATA. ‘‘11. Each Member and Alternate Member shall serve a 4-year term and may be re-appointed for additional terms; except that, each Signatory shall make its initial appoint-ments as follows: ‘‘(a) One Member shall be appointed for a 4- year term; ‘‘(b) One Member shall be appointed for a 2- year term; and ‘‘(c) The Alternate Member shall be appointed for a 3-year term. ‘‘12. Any person appointed to fill a vacancy shall serve for the unexpired term. ‘‘13. Members and Alternate Members shall be entitled to reimbursement for reasonable and necessary expenses and shall be compensated for each day spent meeting on the business of the Commission at a rate of $200 per day or at such other rate as may be adjusted in appropriations approved by all of the Signatories. ‘‘14. A Member or an Alternate Member may be removed or suspended from office only for cause in accordance with the laws of such Mem-ber’s or Alternate Member’s appointing jurisdic-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.004 H17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5895 July 17, 2017 
‘‘C. Quorum and Actions of the Board ‘‘15. Four Members shall constitute a quorum, and the affirmative vote of 4 Members is re-quired for action of the Board. Quorum and vot-ing requirements under this paragraph may be met with one or more Alternate Members pursu-ant to section 8. ‘‘16. The Commission action shall become ef-fective upon enactment unless otherwise pro-vided for by the Commission. ‘‘D. Oath of Office ‘‘17. Before entering office, each Member and Alternate Member shall take and subscribe to the following oath (or affirmation) of office or any such other oath or affirmation as the con-stitution or laws of the Signatory he or she rep-resents shall provide: ‘‘I, lllllllllll, hereby solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will support and defend the Constitution and the laws of the United States as a Member (or Alternate Member) of the Board of the Washington Metrorail Safety Com-mission and will faithfully discharge the duties of the office upon which I am about to enter. ‘‘E. Organization and Procedure ‘‘18. The Board shall provide for its own orga-nization and procedure. Meetings of the Board shall be held as frequently as the Board deter-mines, but in no event less than quarterly. The Board shall keep minutes of its meetings and es-tablish rules and regulations governing its transactions and internal affairs, including, without limitation, policies regarding records re-tention that are not in conflict with applicable federal record retention laws. ‘‘19. The Commission shall keep commercially reasonable records of its financial transactions in accordance with accounting principles gen-erally accepted in the United States of America. ‘‘20. The Commission shall establish an office for the conduct of its affairs at a location to be determined by the Commission. ‘‘21. The Commission shall adopt 5 U.S.C. § 552(a)–(d) and (g), and 5 U.S.C. § 552b, as both may be amended from time to time, as its free-dom-of-information policy and open-meeting policy, respectively, and shall not be subject to the comparable laws or policies of any Signa-tory. ‘‘22. Reports of investigations or inquiries adopted by the Board shall be made publicly available. ‘‘23. The Commission shall adopt a policy on conflict of interest that shall be consistent with the regulations issued under 49 U.S.C. § 5329, as they may be revised from time to time, which, among other things, places appropriate separa-tion between Members, officers, employees, con-tractors, and agents of the Commission and WMATA. ‘‘24. The Commission shall adopt and utilize its own administrative procedure and procure-ment policies in conformance with applicable federal regulations and shall not be subject to the administrative procedure or procurement laws of any Signatory. ‘‘F. Officers and Employees ‘‘25. The Board shall elect a Chairman, Vice Chairman, Secretary, and Treasurer from among its Members, each for a 2-year term and shall prescribe their powers and duties. ‘‘26. The Board shall appoint and fix the com-pensation and benefits of a chief executive offi-cer who shall be the chief administrative officer of the Commission and who shall have expertise in transportation safety and one or more indus-try-recognized transportation safety certifi-cations. ‘‘27. Consistent with 49 U.S.C. § 5329, as may be amended from time to time, the Commission may employ, under the direction of the chief ex-ecutive officer, such other technical, legal, cler-ical, and other employees on a regular, part- time, or as-needed basis as it determines nec-essary or desirable for the discharge of its du-ties. ‘‘28. The Commission shall not be bound by any statute or regulation of any Signatory in the employment or discharge of any officer or employee of the Commission, but shall develop its own policies in compliance with federal law. The MSC shall, however, consider the laws of the Signatories in devising its employment and discharge policies, and when it deems it prac-tical, devise policies consistent with the laws of the Signatories. ‘‘29. The Board may fix and provide policies for the qualification, appointment, removal, term, tenure, compensation benefits, worker’s compensation, pension, and retirement rights of its employees subject to federal law. The Board may also establish a personnel system based on merit and fitness and, subject to eligibility, par-ticipate in the pension, retirement, and worker’s compensation plans of any Signatory or agency or political subdivision thereof. ‘‘ARTICLE IV ‘‘POWERS ‘‘A. Safety Oversight Powers ‘‘30. In carrying out its purposes, the Commis-sion, through its Board or designated employees or agents, shall, consistent with federal law: ‘‘(a) Adopt, revise, and distribute a written State Safety Oversight Program; ‘‘(b) Review, approve, oversee, and enforce the adoption and implementation of WMATA’s Pub-lic Transportation Agency Safety Plan; ‘‘(c) Require, review, approve, oversee, and enforce the adoption and implementation of any Corrective Action Plans that the Commission deems appropriate; ‘‘(d) Implement and enforce relevant federal and State laws and regulations relating to safe-ty of the WMATA Rail System; and ‘‘(e) Audit every 3 years the compliance of WMATA with WMATA’s Public Transportation Agency Safety Plan or conduct such an audit on an ongoing basis over a 3-year time frame. ‘‘31. In performing its duties, the Commission, through its Board or designated employees or agents, may: ‘‘(a) Conduct, or cause to be conducted, in-spections, investigations, examinations, and testing of WMATA personnel and contractors, property, equipment, facilities, rolling stock, and operations of the WMATA Rail System, in-cluding, without limitation, electronic informa-tion and databases through reasonable means, which may include issuance of subpoenas; ‘‘(b) Enter upon the WMATA Rail System and, upon reasonable notice and a finding by the chief executive officer that a need exists, upon any lands, waters, and premises adjacent to the WMATA Rail System, including, without limitation, property owned or occupied by the federal government, for the purpose of making inspections, investigations, examinations, and testing as the Commission may deem necessary to carry out the purposes of this MSC Compact, and such entry shall not be deemed a trespass. The Commission shall make reasonable reim-bursement for any actual damage resulting to any such adjacent lands, waters, and premises as a result of such activities; ‘‘(c) Compel WMATA’s compliance with any Corrective Action Plan or order of the Commis-sion by such means as the Commission deems appropriate, including, without limitation, by: ‘‘(1) Taking legal action in a court of com-petent jurisdiction; ‘‘(2) Issuing citations or fines with funds going into an escrow account for spending by WMATA on Commission-directed safety meas-ures; ‘‘(3) Directing WMATA to prioritize spending on safety-critical items; ‘‘(4) Removing a specific vehicle, infrastruc-ture element, or hazard from the WMATA Rail System; and ‘‘(5) Compelling WMATA to restrict, suspend, or prohibit rail service on all or part of the WMATA Rail System with an appropriate notice period dictated by the circumstances; ‘‘(d) Direct WMATA to suspend or disqualify from performing in any Safety Sensitive Position an individual who is alleged to or has violated safety rules, regulations, policies, or laws; ‘‘(e) Compel WMATA’s Office of the Inspector General, created under WMATA Board Resolu-tion 2006–18, or any successor WMATA office or organization having similar duties, to conduct safety-related audits or investigations and to provide its findings to the Commission; and ‘‘(f) Take such other actions as the Commis-sion may deem appropriate consistent with its purpose and powers. ‘‘32. Action by the Board under section 31(c)(5) shall require the unanimous vote of all Members present and voting. The Commission shall coordinate its enforcement activities with appropriate federal and State governmental au-thorities. ‘‘B. General Powers ‘‘33. In addition to the powers and duties set forth above, the Commission may: ‘‘(a) Sue and be sued; ‘‘(b) Adopt, amend, and repeal rules and regu-lations respecting the exercise of the powers conferred by this MSC Compact; ‘‘(c) Create and abolish offices, employments, and positions (other than those specifically pro-vided for in this MSC Compact) necessary or de-sirable for the purposes of the Commission; ‘‘(d) Determine a staffing level for the Com-mission that is commensurate with the size and complexity of the WMATA Rail System, and re-quire that employees and other designated per-sonnel of the Commission, who are responsible for safety oversight, be qualified to perform such functions through appropriate training, includ-ing, without limitation, successful completion of the Public Transportation Safety Certification Training Program; ‘‘(e) Contract for or employ consulting attor-neys, inspectors, engineers, and such other ex-perts necessary or desirable and, within the lim-itations prescribed in this MSC Compact, pre-scribe their powers and duties and fix their com-pensation; ‘‘(f) Enter into and perform contracts, leases, and agreements necessary or desirable in the performance of its duties and in the execution of the powers granted under this MSC Compact; ‘‘(g) Apply for, receive, and accept such pay-ments, appropriations, grants, gifts, loans, ad-vances, and other funds, properties, and serv-ices as may be transferred or made available to it by the United States government or any other public or private entity or individual, subject to the limitations specified in section 42; ‘‘(h) Adopt an official seal and alter the same at its pleasure; ‘‘(i) Adopt and amend by-laws, policies, and procedures governing the regulation of its af-fairs; ‘‘(j) Appoint one or more advisory committees; and 
‘‘(k) Do such other acts necessary or desirable for the performance of its duties and the execu-tion of its powers under this MSC Compact. ‘‘34. Consistent with this MSC Compact, the Commission shall promulgate rules and regula-tions to carry out the purposes of this MSC Compact. ‘‘ARTICLE V ‘‘GENERAL PROVISIONS ‘‘A. Annual Safety Report ‘‘35. The Commission shall make and publish annually a status report on the safety of the WMATA Rail System, which shall include, among other requirements established by the Commission and federal law, status updates of outstanding Corrective Action Plans, Commis-sion directives, and on-going investigations. A copy of each such report shall be provided to: ‘‘(a) The Administrator of the Federal Transit Administration; ‘‘(b) The Governor of Virginia, the Governor of Maryland, and the Mayor of the District of Columbia; ‘‘(c) The Chairman of the Council of the Dis-trict of Columbia; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.005 H17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5896 July 17, 2017 
‘‘(d) The President of the Maryland Senate and the Speaker of the Maryland House of Dele-gates; ‘‘(e) The President of the Virginia Senate and the Speaker of the Virginia House of Delegates; and ‘‘(f) The General Manager and each member of the board of directors of WMATA. ‘‘36. The Commission may prepare, publish, and distribute such other safety reports that it deems necessary or desirable. ‘‘B. Annual Report of Operations ‘‘37. The Commission shall make and publish an annual report on its programs, operations, and finances, which shall be distributed in the same manner provided by section 35. ‘‘38. The Commission may also prepare, pub-lish, and distribute such other public reports and informational materials as it deems nec-essary or desirable. ‘‘C. Annual Independent Audit ‘‘39. An independent annual audit shall be made of the financial accounts of the Commis-sion. The audit shall be made by qualified cer-tified public accountants selected by the Board, who shall have no personal interest, direct or indirect, in the financial affairs of the Commis-sion or any of its officers or employees. The re-port of audit shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing principles and shall be distributed in the same manner pro-vided by section 35. Members, employees, agents, and contractors of the Commission shall provide access to information necessary or desirable for the conduct of the annual audit. ‘‘D. Financing ‘‘40. The Commission’s operations shall be funded, independently of WMATA, by the Sig-natory jurisdictions and, when available, by federal funds. The Commission shall have no authority to levy taxes. ‘‘41. The Signatories shall unanimously agree on adequate funding levels for the Commission and make equal contributions of such funding, subject to annual appropriation, to cover the portion of Commission operations not funded by federal funds. ‘‘42. The Commission may borrow up to 5% of its last annual appropriations budget in antici-pation of receipts, or as otherwise set forth in the appropriations budget approved by all of the Signatories, from any lawful lending institution for any purpose of this MSC Compact, includ-ing, without limitation, for administrative ex-penses. Such loans shall be for a term not to ex-ceed 2 years, or at such longer term approved by each Signatory pursuant to its laws as evi-denced by the written authorization by the Mayor of the District of Columbia and the Gov-ernors of Maryland and Virginia, and at such rates of interest as shall be acceptable to the Commission. ‘‘43. With respect to the District of Columbia, the commitment or obligation to render financial assistance to the Commission shall be created, by appropriation or in such other manner, or by such other legislation, as the District of Colum-bia shall determine; provided, that any such commitment or obligation shall be approved by Congress pursuant to the District of Columbia Home Rule Act, approved December 24, 1973 (87 Stat. 774; D.C. Official Code § 1–201.01 et seq.). ‘‘44. Pursuant to the requirements of 31 U.S.C. §§ 1341, 1342, 1349 to 1351, and 1511 to 1519, and D.C. Official Code §§ 47–105 and 47–355.01 to 355.08 (collectively, the ‘Anti-Deficiency Acts’), the District cannot obligate itself to any finan-cial commitment in any present or future year unless the necessary funds to pay that commit-ment have been appropriated and are lawfully available for the purpose committed. Thus, pur-suant to the Anti-Deficiency Acts, nothing in the MSC Compact creates an obligation of the District in anticipation of an appropriation for such purpose, and the District’s legal liability for the payment of any amount under this MSC Compact does not and may not arise or obtain in advance of the lawful availability of appro-priated funds for the applicable fiscal year. ‘‘E. Tax Exemption ‘‘45. The exercise of the powers granted by this MSC Compact shall in all respects be for the benefit of the people of the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Virginia, and the State of Maryland and for the increase of their safety, commerce, and prosperity, and as the activities associated with this MSC Compact shall con-stitute the performance of essential govern-mental functions, the Commission shall not be required to pay any taxes or assessments upon the services or any property acquired or used by the Commission under the provisions of this MSC Compact or upon the income therefrom, and shall at all times be free from taxation with-in the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Virginia, and the State of Maryland. ‘‘F. Reconsideration of Commission Orders ‘‘46. WMATA shall have the right to petition the Commission for reconsideration of an order based on rules and procedures developed by the Commission. ‘‘47. Consistent with section 16, the filing of a petition for reconsideration shall not act as a stay upon the execution of a Commission order, or any part of it, unless the Commission orders otherwise. WMATA may appeal any adverse ac-tion on a petition for reconsideration as set forth in section 48. ‘‘G. Judicial Matters ‘‘48. The United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia, Alexandria Divi-sion, the United States District Court for the District of Maryland, Southern Division, and the United States District Court for the District of Columbia shall have exclusive and original jurisdiction of all actions brought by or against the Commission and to enforce subpoenas under this MSC Compact. ‘‘49. The commencement of a judicial pro-ceeding shall not operate as a stay of a Commis-sion order unless specifically ordered by the court. ‘‘H. Liability and Indemnification ‘‘50. The Commission and its Members, Alter-nate Members, officers, agents, employees, or representatives shall not be liable for suit or ac-tion or for any judgment or decree for damages, loss, or injury resulting from action taken with-in the scope of their employment or duties under this MSC Compact, nor required in any case arising or any appeal taken under this MSC Compact to give a supersedeas bond or security for damages. Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to protect such person from suit or li-ability for damage, loss, injury, or liability caused by the intentional or willful and wanton misconduct of such person. ‘‘51. The Commission shall be liable for its contracts and for its torts and those of its Mem-bers, Alternate Members, officers, agents, em-ployees, and representatives committed in the conduct of any proprietary function, in accord-ance with the law of the applicable Signatory (including, without limitation, rules on conflict of laws) but shall not be liable for any torts oc-curring in the performance of a governmental function. The exclusive remedy for such breach of contract or tort for which the Commission shall be liable, as herein provided, shall be by suit against the Commission. Nothing contained in this MSC Compact shall be construed as a waiver by the District of Columbia, the Com-monwealth of Virginia, or the State of Mary-land of any immunity from suit. ‘‘I. Commitment of Parties ‘‘52. Each of the Signatories pledges to each other faithful cooperation in providing safety oversight for the WMATA Rail System, and, to affect such purposes, agrees to consider in good faith and request any necessary legislation to achieve the objectives of this MSC Compact. ‘‘J. Amendments and Supplements ‘‘53. Amendments and supplements to this MSC Compact shall be adopted by legislative ac-tion of each of the Signatories and the consent of Congress. When one Signatory adopts an amendment or supplement to an existing section of this MSC Compact, that amendment or sup-plement shall not be immediately effective, and the previously enacted provision or provisions shall remain in effect in each jurisdiction until the amendment or supplement is approved by the other Signatories and is consented to by Congress. ‘‘K. Withdrawal and Termination ‘‘54. Any Signatory may withdraw from this MSC Compact, which action shall constitute a termination of this MSC Compact. ‘‘55. Withdrawal from this MSC Compact shall be by a Signatory’s repeal of this MSC Compact from its laws, but such repeal shall not take ef-fect until 2 years after the effective date of the repealed statute and written notice of the with-drawal being given by the withdrawing Signa-tory to the governors or mayor, as appropriate, of the other Signatories. ‘‘56. Prior to termination of this MSC Com-pact, the Commission shall provide each Signa-tory: ‘‘(a) A mechanism for concluding the oper-ations of the Commission; ‘‘(b) A proposal to maintain state safety over-sight of the WMATA Rail System in compliance with applicable federal law; ‘‘(c) A plan to hold surplus funds in a trust for a successor regulatory entity for 4 years after the termination of this MSC Compact; and ‘‘(d) A plan to return any surplus funds that remain 4 years after the creation of the trust. ‘‘L. Construction and Severability ‘‘57. This MSC Compact shall be liberally con-strued to effectuate the purposes for which it is created. ‘‘58. If any part or provision of this MSC Com-pact or the application thereof to any person or circumstances be adjudged invalid by any court of competent jurisdiction, such judgment shall be confined in its operation to the part, provi-sion, or application directly involved in the con-troversy in which such judgment shall have been rendered and shall not affect or impair the validity of the remainder of this MSC Compact or the application thereof to other persons or circumstances, and the Signatories hereby de-clare that they would have entered into this MSC Compact or the remainder thereof had the invalidity of such provision or application thereof been apparent. ‘‘M. Adoption; Effective Date ‘‘59. This MSC Compact shall be adopted by the Signatories in the manner provided by law therefor and shall be signed and sealed in 4 du-plicate original copies. One such copy shall be filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Maryland, the Secretary of the Commonwealth of Virginia, and the Secretary of the District of Columbia in accordance with the laws of each jurisdiction. One copy shall be filed and re-tained in the archives of the Commission upon its organization. This MSC Compact shall be-come effective upon the enactment of concurring legislation by the District of Columbia, the Com-monwealth of Virginia, and the State of Mary-land, and consent thereto by Congress and when all other acts or actions have been taken, including, without limitation, the signing and execution of this MSC Compact by the Gov-ernors of Maryland and Virginia and the Mayor of the District of Columbia. ‘‘N. Conflict of Laws ‘‘60. Any conflict between any authority granted herein, or the exercise of such author-ity, and the provisions of the WMATA Compact shall be resolved in favor of the exercise of such authority by the Commission. ‘‘61. All other general or special laws incon-sistent with this MSC Compact are hereby de-clared to be inapplicable to the Commission or its activities.’’. 
RIGHT TO ALTER , AMEND , OR REPEAL  S
EC. 2. The right to alter, amend, or repeal this joint resolution is expressly reserved. The consent granted by this joint resolution shall not be construed as impairing or in any manner 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.005 H17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5897 July 17, 2017 
affecting any right or jurisdiction of the United States in and over the region that forms the sub-ject of the Compact. 
CONSTRUCTION AND SEVERABILITY  S
EC. 3. It is intended that the provisions of this Compact shall be reasonably and liberally construed to effectuate the purposes thereof. If any part or application of this Compact, or leg-islation enabling the Compact, is held invalid, the remainder of the Compact or its application to other situations or persons shall not be af-fected. 
INCONSISTENCY OF LANGUAGE  S
EC. 4. The validity of this Compact shall not be affected by any insubstantial differences in its form or language as adopted by the State of Maryland, the Commonwealth of Virginia, and the District of Columbia. 
EFFECTIVE DATE  S
EC. 5. This joint resolution shall take effect on the date of enactment of this joint resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. R
ASKIN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. b1715 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on H.J. Res. 76, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. H.J. Res. 76 grants Congress’ ap-proval to the Metrorail Safety Com-mission Interstate Compact, an inter-state compact entered into recently by the Commonwealth of Virginia, the State of Maryland, and the District of Columbia. The safety record of the D.C.-area Metrorail system and other public transit systems in our country has been a matter of increasing concern for some time. To better address public transit safety needs, including metro-rails, Congress included in the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century, or MAP Act or MAP–21, and the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation, or FAST Act, provisions strengthening the Federal Transit Administration’s safety oversight authority and related safety requirements for public transit systems. Pursuant to these acts and through the Metrorail Safety Commission Interstate Compact, Virginia, Mary-land, and the District of Columbia have committed to establish a new Wash-ington Metrorail Safety Commission to act as the State safety oversight au-thority for the Metrorail system. The Transportation and Infrastructure Committee has informed the Judiciary Committee that the new compact’s provisions satisfy the requirements of the relevant Federal statutes. The jurisdictions completed, in March of this year, their adoption by legislation of their respective compact instruments. In the meanwhile, how-ever, due to delays in the adoption of the instruments, the FTA invoked on February 9, 2017, authority to suspend the distribution of transit funds to the jurisdictions until the new safety com-mission is established. By passage of H.J. Res. 76, we can hasten the day by which Metrorail safety will be improved and funds obli-gated for other impacted transit sys-tems in the compact jurisdictions can be made available for release. I urge my colleagues to support this resolution, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.J. Res. 76. This very important legislation grants congressional con-sent and approval to Maryland, Vir-ginia, and the District of Columbia to enter into a compact under Article I, section 10 of the Constitution, estab-lishing the Metrorail Safety Commis-sion. Importantly, Federal transit funds have been suspended by the Fed-eral Transit Authority until Congress grants its assent to these amendments to the WMATA compact, as H.J. Res. 76 would do. I want to thank my friend, the dis-tinguished minority whip, S
TENY  H
OYER , for taking the lead on this measure, and all of our colleagues in the Virginia and Maryland delegations and District of Columbia delegation for supporting it in such a strong, bipar-tisan, and cross-Potomac River fash-ion. I am proud to join them. Mr. Speaker, I did want to take a mo-ment to say a word about the Metro system. WMATA is not just the Metro that serves the Washington area. It is truly America’s Metro system. It is the sec-ond largest system in the Nation, be-hind only New York City. It is 117 miles long. It has 91 stations, and it in-cludes more than 12,000 employees. It is critical to the functioning of the Federal Government because it moves more than 40 percent of the Federal workforce every day to and from work and also during the day for various missions that people go on during the normal workday. It is essential to na-tional security. If we didn’t have the Metro system, what is already one of the most traffic-plagued and congested regions in the country would be abso-lutely paralyzed. It is also the mechanism that moves millions of Americans who come from all over the United States, all of our constituents here in Congress, to visit us. That is how people get to the White House and the Capitol and go to the Pentagon and go to see NIH and visit the museums and the battlefields and so on. So the Metro is critical not just to the people who live and work here every day and make the Federal Gov-ernment go, but also to all American citizens who rely on the efficiency of the Federal Government and come to Washington to petition for redress of grievances and to partake in the proc-esses of government. I am thrilled that this legislation, re-sponding to the safety needs of the sys-tem, is moving forward with speed now. It is essential that we continue to in-vest in the Metro, to upgrade its safe-ty, to upgrade its efficiency and its re-liability. The Federal Government was instru-mental in the creation of Metro at the beginning, along with Virginia, Mary-land, and the District of Columbia. We all send representatives to the board of Metro. The Federal Government has representatives on the board of Metro. We are equal partners in it, and I want to make sure that everyone here in Congress feels deeply invested in the success of Metro, which, after all, gets a lot of our staffers to work every day. With passage of H.J. Res. 76, Congress reaffirms its fundamental commitment to America’s Metro system. Accord-ingly, I urge my colleagues to support the swift passage of this resolution. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. COMSTOCK ). Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, Chairman G
OOD-
LATTE , for his work on this matter and for yielding the time. I appreciate his leadership in bringing this forward. I rise in support, Mr. Speaker, of this resolution, HJ. Res. 76, offered by the gentleman from Maryland, the minor-ity whip, Mr. H
OYER . We have very much a regional partnership that is es-sential for Metro, and this resolution today reflects that. It lends congres-sional approval to the new interstate compact between Virginia, Maryland, and the District of Columbia to estab-lish an independent State safety over-sight program, in this case known as the Metro Safety Commission. The previous iteration of the Metro safety oversight body was known as the Tri-State Oversight Commission, and in response to various accidents, inadequacies, and outright failures, the previous Secretary of Transportation, Anthony Foxx, used the authority that we in Congress, together, working with our regional delegation together, gave him to temporarily take over the safe-ty oversight role of Metro through the Federal Transit Administration. But it was only meant to be temporary con-trol. We still need a permanent body to provide this invaluable safety over-sight for WMATA, and the passage of this legislation in the House today brings us one important step closer to that goal. I also would like to mention that, be-cause we had not done this in the time-frame initially allowed, the FTA did give notice to the Metro Safety Com-mission it had to be in place on or be-fore February 9, and when it wasn’t, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.005 H17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5898 July 17, 2017 
they suspended some of our Federal funds. Now, with this today, we hope this initial withholding, which equated to $8.9 million and is expected could total $15 million, that now that can move forward. I have a letter that I include in the R
ECORD , which is signed by our re-gional delegation in support of now re-leasing those funds. 
Washington, DC, June 30, 2017. Hon. E
LAINE CHAO, Secretary, U.S. Department of Transportation, Washington, DC. D
EARSECRETARY CHAO, As representatives of public transit customers in the Common-wealth of Virginia, we write to express our concerns regarding the Federal Transit Ad-ministration’s (FTA) February 10, 2017 deci-sion to withhold federal transit grant money in response to incomplete efforts to establish a new State Safety Oversight Program (SSOP) for the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority (WMATA). On February 8, 2016, the FTA gave notice that the Metropolitan Safety Commission (MSC), a new SSOP to succeed WMATA’s Tri-State Oversight Commission, must be in place and certified by the FTA on or before February 9, 2017. On February 10, 2017, with no new SSOP certified, the FTA announced it would exercise its authority to withhold five percent of federal funds authorized in fiscal year 2017 under the Urbanized Area Ap-portionments Program (49 U.S.C. 5307). The initial withholding equated to $8.9 million, and is expected to total $15 million if he withholding continues to the end of the cur-rent fiscal year. This withholding will not just impact funding for WMATA, but for broader infrastructure maintenance through-out Virginia, Maryland, and Washington, D.C. The decision to withhold these federal funds has created significant uncertainty amongst state and local governments in terms of budget planning and stability. Should the withholding of funds continue throughout the remainder of the fiscal year, the governments and their transit systems will be faced with a number of difficult deci-sions about the manner in which they allo-cate their limited resources. Under a worst- case scenario, they would be forced to make cuts to state of good repair efforts or reduce service to their respective communities, ei-ther of which would be harmful to our con-stituents. We agree safety must be a top pri-ority, but eliminating funding for infrastruc-ture repair would directly contradict a SSOP’s stated goal. Given the FTA must engage in this process with 29 other transit agencies nationwide by 2019, we appreciate the complexity of the issues that were considered in making the decision to withhold these funds. However, we must emphasize—as many of us have ex-pressed previously either directly to you, your predecessor, or the FTA—that the tim-ing of both the notice and the deadline set by FTA were arbitrary in that there seemed to be little or no consideration of the legisla-tive calendars of the Virginia General As-sembly or the General Assembly of Mary-land. The FTA timetable effectively gave Vir-ginia and Maryland less than one full legisla-tive session to negotiate amongst each other and the District, draft the proposal, navigate it through the respective lawmaking bodies, and sign it into law. The unreasonable re-quirements FTA put forth were not simply for the SSOP to have a legal foundation by the February 2017 deadline, but to have the program fully certified by FTA, which neces-sitates months of work after passing legisla-tion, including, but not limited to, appoint-ing commissioners, hiring staff, and leasing office space. We are therefore led to believe that FTA either set their requirements with-out providing fair consideration to the unique institutional challenges that exist within the jurisdictions, or the FTA set them with a deadline so unrealistic that fail-ure was unavoidable. Given the concerns we have raised in this letter regarding FTA’s shortsighted ap-proach to this matter, and in light of the demonstrated progress which has been made, we respectfully request that your office work with the FTA to explore a compromise in which part of these withheld funds can be re-leased as a show of good faith, as the juris-dictions continue their work to construct a stable SSOP. Lending further justification for this re-quest is the real progress that has been made with respect to organizing the MSC. At the time this is written: Virginia, Maryland, and the District (the jurisdictions) have each enacted legislation to enter into an interstate compact to form the MSC; The jurisdictions have submitted a de-tailed draft certification plan to FTA for re-view (though FTA has not yet provided for-mal feedback on the plan); Joint resolutions have been introduced in both the House of Representatives and the Senate to grant Congressional approval to the MSC compact; The Senate has passed its version of the joint resolution; The House Judiciary Committee, which has sole jurisdiction over the joint resolu-tion, has ordered the House’s parallel version of the resolution to be reported favorably to the full House; and We are requesting that the measure be taken up for consideration as soon as pos-sible. We appreciate the FTA’s important safety work, especially its temporary safety over-sight role with respect to WMATA. Without FTA’s diligence, more harm may have come to WMATA’s customers. But we must find an equitable solution to this matter. We look forward to partnering with you, Madam Secretary, as well as the FTA to en-sure safety remains the top priority in all transit systems and that reforms are made to accomplish a transit agency that provides safe, reliable service to our constituents. We appreciate your thoughtful consideration of this request. Sincerely, B
ARBARA COMSTOCK , Member of Congress. B
OBGOODLATTE , Member of Congress. R
OBERT J. W ITTMAN , Member of Congress. T
IMKAINE, United States Senator. M
ARKR. W ARNER , United States Senator. S
COTT TAYLOR , United States Senator. 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, we in the region have worked together on these issues and, with this congres-sional approval and with the help of my colleague, Chairman G
OODLATTE , took this to the Judiciary Committee, who will now be able to begin the proc-ess of improving Metro in connection with our State and regional partners. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ), our distinguished minority whip, who has been a longtime champion of the Metro system. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I was tempted to stop at that po-dium. One of my Republican prede-cessors used to come over here a long time ago and speak to Democrats from this podium and then walk back and speak to his Republican colleagues. This is truly something that both po-diums support. It is a bipartisan effort. I was privileged to work with Congress-woman COMSTOCK ’s predecessor, Frank Wolf, and we worked arm in arm, hip to hip, shoulder to shoulder for a decade with Republican administrations, both the Reagan administration and with the first Bush administration, and this truly is a bipartisan effort to enhance America’s subway. I say ‘‘America’s subway’’ because not only do our people use it that live in the region, but millions of Ameri-cans who come to Washington, D.C., to see their Capital use their Metro sys-tem. I am proud to be the sponsor of this resolution, and I urge my col-leagues to support it. People throughout the National Cap-ital region depend upon Metro to get to work, reach family and friends, and ac-cess shopping and entertainment, as so many of my colleagues have already said. It is the lifeblood of the area’s economy. Nobody probably knows that better than G
ERRY CONNOLLY , who was the head of one of the largest subdivi-sions in our region and knows how critically important Metro is to our re-gion. Metro—I have referred to it as the ‘‘ties that bind the Washington metro-politan area together’’—is used by mil-lions of visitors to our Nation’s Capital who come from across the country. It is critical to the functioning of our Federal Government, with Federal em-ployees making up nearly 40 percent of its ridership. They and many military personnel rely on Metro to get to their offices and duty stations on time so they can serve the American people. As anyone who spends time in this city knows, Metro has had its share of challenges in recent years, including, of course, safety issues that have prompted an ambitious overhaul of safety procedure and infrastructure, which was absolutely necessary and too long in coming. Safety must continue to be Metro’s number one priority both for its pas-sengers and for its employees. Our res-olution, Mr. Speaker—when I refer to ‘‘our,’’ the entire metropolitan delega-tion—would provide congressional con-sent for the establishment of a Metro-rail Safety Commission—Mrs. C
OM-
STOCK spoke of that; Mr. R ASKIN has spoken of that; I am sure others will as well—which will provide real enforce-ment teeth to our region’s commit-ment to enhancing Metro safety. The safety commission is being launched jointly by Congress, Maryland, Vir-ginia, and the District of Columbia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.021 H17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5899 July 17, 2017 
I want to thank Ms. N ORTON , who, herself, has worked so long and so ef-fectively on behalf of Washington’s Metro system. Thank you very much, Congresswoman N
ORTON . The Federal Transit Administration is currently withholding approximately $8.9 million, which Mrs. C
OMSTOCK re-ferred to. This step will be a significant step in making sure that that $8.9 mil-lion is released. Maryland, Virginia, and D.C. have all given their approval already, the Virginia Legislature, the Maryland Legislature, and the D.C. leg-islature. Now it is up to Congress. But today’s resolution is not an end. It is an important step, but not an end. It must signal an ongoing commitment across the region to Metro and, yes, by the Congress itself. I believe that if Metro is to become safer and more reliable, it must have a dedicated funding source. That is not the issue in this resolution, but it is the issue before Metro and before our region and before our country. That is why I will continue to push for more Federal investment in Metro and for WMATA to have every resource it needs to keep its riders and employees safe, which is to say all of the Amer-ican people who use it on their visits here as well as those of us who live here. I want to thank each of the Members of our delegation, our regional delega-tion, who work together on behalf of the region; and I want to thank, in par-ticular, Senator T
IMKAINE from Vir-ginia, who sponsored this legislation on the Senate side. We have all been work-ing hard to ensure this resolution comes to the floor and to make sure all stakeholders have been at the table. I thank my delegation, the regional delegation, and I thank Mr. G
OODLATTE  for bringing this resolution to the floor in a timely fashion; and I thank cer-tainly one of our newest Members but one of our most able Members, Mr. R
ASKIN . Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from the District of Co-lumbia (Ms. N
ORTON ), a distinguished Delegate. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate that my friend, Mr. R
ASKIN from the State of Maryland, has yielded this time to me. First, I want to thank the senior member of our delegation. I thank the acknowledged leader of this entire bi-partisan delegation, Mr. H
OYER , for being the chief sponsor of this resolu-tion that is bipartisan because it con-cerns the seamless Metro system, seamless because you can’t get from one part of this region to the other part of this region without Metro and because this subway is the only subway which encompasses more than one State. It encompasses three jurisdic-tions. Therefore, we are bipartisan be-cause there is no other way for us to exist. The transportation network re-quires it, and this resolution does, in fact, shows our bipartisanship. b1730 This resolution is quintessentially important, because it creates a safety commission for Metro. Now, along with other Members, we see Metro in at least two different ways. We see it, of course, in light of our own constituents. Metro makes it possible for entire neighborhoods to be created, entire parts of the region to be connected. Metro has promoted eco-nomic growth, but far more important than any of our individual jurisdictions is the importance of Metro to the Fed-eral Government. You may have heard the figure 40 percent today; almost half of the Federal employees get to work through Metro. When Metro has a snow day, the whole region shuts down. We are in this Congress by ourselves. If Metro has a snow day, nobody can get to the Congress of the United States or to the Federal Government. Metro is absolutely critical, and therefore, a safe Metro is essential to all that happens in the Congress of the United States, quite apart from the tourist economy that the District, Maryland, and Virginia are a part of, quite apart from our own local econo-mies. More important to us all is the safety commission embodied in this joint res-olution. Metro is useless if it is not safe. And we know what happens when it is not safe. In 2009, there was a tragic accident in this region. Nine residents lost their lives, seven of them from the District of Columbia. Anybody could have been on that train. In 2015, there was a smoke accident. One woman was killed, another D.C. resident. So an interstate safety commission is nec-essary if there is to be a Metro at all. I applaud the local lawmakers from the District of Columbia, Maryland, and Virginia for doing their part to support this jurisdiction safely knead-ing together the three parts of the re-gion, and I urge my own colleagues to give them permission to move forward. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ). Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. R
ASKIN ), my good friend, for yield-ing time. I rise today in support of this legisla-tion, which I was happy to cosponsor with Mr. H
OYER and our colleagues in the metropolitan region. The joint resolution would establish an independent safety oversight com-mission for the Washington Metropoli-tan Area Transit Authority that will be empowered to create new safety rules, impose fines, issue subpoenas, and direct additional funding toward safety priorities. Consideration of the joint resolution in the United States House follows the passage of companion legislation in the Virginia and Maryland General Assem-blies, the Council of the District of Co-lumbia, and the United States Senate. The joint resolution before us rep-resents the culmination of more than a year of multijurisdictional, multi-stakeholder collaboration, and is an ex-ample of the kind of bipartisan co-operation we need moving forward for Metro. For several years now, Metro has been a system in crisis, all lights blink-ing red. The lack of a strict safety cul-ture has resulted in derailments, fal-sified track inspection reports, fires, track defects, and, as Ms. NORTON just indicated, has tragically claimed lives. The previous safety oversight body, the Tri-State Oversight Committee, was admittedly ineffective and failed to safeguard Metro personnel and cus-tomers. It was clear the safety crisis at Metro needed further Federal interven-tion. While I am glad that the U.S. Depart-ment of Transportation took action, I would have preferred that the Depart-ment act in accordance with the NTSB recommendation that it be the FRA, not the FTA, that provided that day- to-day safety oversight. Very simply, the FRA is and was better equipped to pick up this vital mission and run with it from day one, rather than to learn on the job with a modern, contem-porary transit system, as the FTA has had to do. It is my hope that enactment of this joint resolution will finally convince the FTA to reverse its misguided deci-sion to withhold $8.9 million of Federal transit grants from Virginia, Mary-land, and D.C. The FTA announced the withholding of that money on Feb-ruary 10, because the jurisdictions had not yet established a fully certified Metrorail Safety Commission before the FTA’s own arbitrary deadline. The decision to withhold the funds, penalizing other transit systems not related to Metro, which is authorized under the Urbanized Area Apportion-ments Program, was crude and puni-tive, and the process that led to the de-cision was anything but neat. The 1-year timeline imposed on the jurisdictions to establish and certify the Metro Safety Commission ignored both the unique legislative calendars of the citizen legislatures in Maryland and Virginia as well as the time-con-suming, FTA-managed certification process itself for State safety oversight programs. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. The 1-year timeline imposed on the jurisdiction ignored those unique legis-lative schedules, but the decision to withhold money as a punishment for missing an arbitrary deadline was an-nounced at a time, ironically, when all three jurisdictions were, in fact, mov-ing simultaneously to enact just such legislation, as was requested. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.022 H17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5900 July 17, 2017 
This is no good deed going unpunished, Mr. Speaker, and the FTA did not publish its own toolkit, appli-cation, or program standard for the oversight program certification process until February 14 of this year, 4 days after they withheld the money puni-tively from those three jurisdictions. They couldn’t meet their own deadline. As the House and Senate move to enact this joint resolution, I hope to renew my request of the Secretary of Transportation to reverse entirely the FTA’s bad decision to block safety and maintenance investments that are so desperately and obviously needed here in the Metro system in Washington. I ask my colleagues to support the joint resolution before us today and to recognize that it is a big step forward in the region and in terms of bipartisan cooperation. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, may I just inquire how much time I have remain-ing? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Maryland has 4 minutes remaining. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, when I was a kid in high school, they built the Metro sys-tem here. It was a great feat of bipar-tisan leadership when they built the Metro, and it changed my life. It was the jewel of our region, and it opened up, to at least one kid, the Capitol, the White House, the museums, the Na-tional Gallery, the Hirshhorn, the Lin-coln Memorial, the Jefferson Memo-rial, and it was really a spectacular and resplendent addition and feature to the Virginia, D.C., Maryland region. In the intervening years, there has been inadequate investment in safety, efficiency, and reliability in the Metro system, and we need to bring the Metro back to its original glory and we must make sure that, above all, it is safe for the people who ride it. The safety and security of the passengers is essential. So passage of this resolution will en-sure the establishment of the safety commission to assume effective over-sight of this system and to allow for the disbursal of Federal transit funds to Maryland, Virginia, and D.C. for es-sential transit services. I urge all of our colleagues to support this bipartisan measure. Again, I want to salute all of the Members who have been involved in this legislation, and I thank House Judiciary Chairman G
OODLATTE for facilitating consider-ation of the resolution by both the Ju-diciary Committee and by the House. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to say that this has been a good bipar-tisan collaborative effort. I thank Mi-nority Whip H
OYER , Congresswoman C
OMSTOCK , and the other Members from the region for their work to assure that safety measures do move forward with regard to the Metro here in the Wash-ington, D.C., area. And this legislation is critical to accomplish that, so I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.J. Res. 76. This resolution would grant the consent and approval of Congress for Virginia, Maryland, and the District of Columbia to enter into a compact establishing the Washington Metrorail Safety Commission. I support this bipartisan measure for several reasons. Most importantly, this Commission will help improve the safety of the Washington Metro-politan Area Transit Authority—also known as WMATA, which provides transportation serv-ices for millions of people each year. Last year alone, nearly 180 million riders traveled on WMATA’s commuter rail system. In fact, more than 760,000 riders used that system on just a single day in March of last year. Unfortunately, there have been a series of serious safety violations at WMATA in recent years, some of which have tragically led to deaths and injuries. Even though such dangerous conditions are obviously inexcusable, they nevertheless have persisted for many years. There are numerous causes, which range from aging infrastructure, years of neglected maintenance, uncertain funding, and poor oversight and management. In response to these critical concerns, the District of Columbia—together with the states of Virginia and Maryland—have each passed legislation agreeing to enter into an interstate compact establishing an oversight commission dedicated to improving the safety of WMATA. Clearly, this undertaking will help ensure WMATA’s passengers and workers—as well as the many communities that WMATA serves—have a safe, efficient, and reliable mass transit system. In addition, H.J. Res. 76 warrants our sup-port because it implements Congress’ 2015 di-rective to the states to establish legal and fi-nancially independent state oversight authori-ties responsible for the safety of fixed rail tran-sit facilities within their respective jurisdictions. By granting our consent and approval of the interstate compact to be established pursuant to this Resolution, we are fulfilling our respon-sibility to help ensure the safety of our Na-tion’s rail system. Finally, prompt consideration of H.J. Res. 76 is imperative not only because of ongoing safety concerns, but also because of financial concerns that serve to exacerbate the safety concerns. When Congress issued its 2015 directive, it did so with strings attached. A state’s failure to comply with this directive would result in a suspension of federal rail transit funding. Accordingly, the Transportation Depart-ment’s Federal Transportation Authority sus-pended its distribution of federal transit funds to the District of Columbia, Maryland, and Vir-ginia earlier this year and it continues to do so until the new safety commission is estab-lished. Thus, every day that goes by without action on this Resolution, is another day that these jurisdictions are deprived of critical federal funding. So, I encourage my colleagues to join me in supporting the immediate passage of H.J. Res. 76. The safety and reliability of our Nation’s commuter rail transit system should be the standard for other metropolitan areas to aspire to. Unfortunately, much improvement is nec-essary to reach this critical goal. H.J. Res. 76, however, will hopefully provide an important opportunity to address the sys-tem’s safety shortcomings. In closing, I want to thank Representative STENY HOYER , the esteemed author of this critical legislation. His commitment and leader-ship are to be commended. Accordingly, I strongly support this bipar-tisan measure and urge colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support it as well. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. J. Res. 76, which grants consent and approval from Congress for the Commonwealth of Virginia, the State of Maryland, and the District of Columbia to enter into a compact relating to the establish-ment of the Washington Metrorail Safety Commission. As Houston is a major transportation hub, I understand and appreciate the importance of this legislation. The Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority (WMATA), an inter-state compact agency, provides trans-portation services to millions of people each year. It is imperative that the WMATA be safe and effective as it is essential to the commerce and prosperity of the National Capitol Region. The District of Columbia, the Com-monwealth of Virginia, and the State of Maryland intend to create the Wash-ington Metrorail Safety Commission to act as the state safety oversight au-thority for the WMATA system under 49 U.S.C. 5329. In title III of the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act (section 3026, Public Law 114–94), the Congress provided sole authority to the Sec-retary of Transportation to appoint Federal Directors to the Board of Di-rectors of the WMATA and required the signatory parties to the Compact to amend the Compact as necessary. This compact is created for the ben-efit of the people of the District of Co-lumbia, the Commonwealth of Vir-ginia, and the State of Maryland so that there may be an increase in their safety, commerce, and prosperity. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H. J. Res. 76. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the joint resolution, H.J. Res. 76, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.023 H17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5901 July 17, 2017 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 40 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, July 17, I missed three votes to attend to con-stituent business in my district. Had I been present for the day’s vote series, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 379, the passage of H.R. 2210, to designate the community liv-ing center of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs in Butler Township, Butler County, Penn-sylvania, as the Sergeant Joseph George Kusick VA Community Living Center, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 380, the passage of H.J. Res. 92, granting the consent and approval of Con-gress for the Commonwealth of Virginia, the State of Maryland, and the District of Colum-bia to amend the Washington Area Transit Regulation Compact; and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 381, the passage of H.J. Res. 76, granting the consent and approval of Congress for the Commonwealth of Virginia, the State of Mary-land, and the District of Columbia to a enter into a compact relating to the establishment of the Washington Metrorail Safety Commission. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
ARSHALL ). Without objection, the title is amended by striking ‘‘a enter’’ and inserting ‘‘enter’’. There was no objection. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 806, OZONE STANDARDS IM-PLEMENTATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. BURGESS, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–229) on the resolution (H. Res. 451) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 806) to facilitate efficient State implementation of ground-level ozone standards, and for other pur-poses, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. f 
REPORT ON H.R. 3266, ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2018 Mr. SIMPSON, from the Committee on Appropriations, submitted a privi-leged report (Rept. No. 115–230) on the bill (H.R. 3266) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2018, and for other purposes, which was referred to the Union Calendar and ordered to be printed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 1, rule XXI, all points of order are reserved on the bill. 
f 
REPORT ON H.R. 3267, COMMERCE, JUSTICE, SCIENCE, AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2018 Mr. CULBERSON, from the Com-mittee on Appropriations, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–231) on the bill (H.R. 3267) making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2018, and for other purposes, which was referred to the Union Cal-endar and ordered to be printed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 1, rule XXI, all points of order are reserved on the bill. 
f 
REPORT ON H.R. 3268, AGRI-CULTURE, RURAL DEVELOP-MENT, FOOD AND DRUG ADMIN-ISTRATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 Mr. ADERHOLT, from the Com-mittee on Appropriations, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–232) on the bill (H.R. 3268) making appropria-tions for Agriculture, Rural Develop-ment, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies programs for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes, which was re-ferred to the Union Calendar and or-dered to be printed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 1, rule XXI, all points of order are reserved on the bill. 
f 
b1915 CONGRATULATING JAMES HAUTMAN (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate James Hautman of Chaska, Minnesota, who recently won the Federal Duck Stamp Contest for the fifth time. This year, James’ de-sign depicts three geese flying at sun-set. Since 1934, sales of the Federal Duck Stamp have raised more than $950 mil-lion for the conservation of wetlands and national wildlife refuges all over our country. The money raised helps to preserve the habitat of hundreds of spe-cies, as well as provide clean water for many communities throughout the Na-tion. Last fall, a panel of five judges se-lected James’ submission out of 152 total entries, marking the fifth time that he has won the competition. Only two other artists, Mr. Speaker, have ever won the Federal Duck Stamp Con-test five times, including James’ own brother Joseph. Mr. Speaker, I once again extend my sincere congratulations to James Hautman. Minnesotans are proud to see such a gifted artist from our home State get recognized and use his tal-ents for such a great cause. We wish him the best in his future. f 
PUTTING AMERICA’S HARDWORKING FAMILIES FIRST (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speak-er, over the Fourth of July district work period, I met with my constitu-ents across Chicago’s west and north-west suburbs. Despite the range of our groups and communities I spoke with, there was one theme that was on everybody’s mind: the urgent need for Congress to take action that puts hard-working families first. Across the country, working families are counting on us to invest in infra-structure, modernize our Tax Code, and help their children get the skills nec-essary for rewarding careers. Earlier this summer, the House unanimously passed the Thompson- Krishnamoorthi Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act. This bipartisan legisla-tion will modernize and expand career and technical education programs across the country by increasing fund-ing and local control while expanding the cooperation that exists between educators and employers. The House has done its part to ad-vance this legislation and support working families. Now the Senate must act and send it to the President for his signature. 
f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO J. ROBERT MILLER (Mr. COMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. COMER. I rise today to pay trib-ute to my friend, neighbor, mentor, and former Kentucky Commissioner of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.011 H17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5904 July 17, 2017 
Agriculture, J. Robert Miller. Robert passed away last night at the age of 97. J. Robert Miller was a legend in agri-culture, agriculture education, and Kentucky politics. He served as Ken-tucky’s Commissioner of Agriculture from 1957 to 1971 during the Louie Nunn administration. Before that, J. Robert was an agriculture teacher at Tompkinsville High School and always an active, lifelong farmer. Growing up in 4–H and FFA, my ear-liest memories include Robert Miller. He was a mainstay at Monroe County area livestock shows and FFA ban-quets, always helping out and offering advice to present and future farmers. J. Robert Miller was a great man who had a positive influence on countless Kentuckians. 
f 
STOP THE BLOCKADE IN THE MIDDLE EAST (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I always applaud when the United States steps in and takes a leadership role to prevent war. I have traveled to the Mideast for many years as a Member of the United States Congress rep-resenting my constituents. I want to express my appreciation to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson for the energy that he is putting into en-gaging Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, UAE, Jordan, Egypt, and Qatar to be able to stop the blockade and the conflict that may continue to grow against Qatar. This is a region that many of these countries have been allies of the United States, the Southern Command is in Qatar, and, frankly, I think they need to be united against those terrorists that plague them all. I would also say that the UAE, as has been reported in the Nation’s news-papers, hacked into the emails of Qatar and put words in the mouths of their government officials that were untrue. This is not the way to proceed with peace and diplomacy. So I believe we should energetically and aggressively engage these coun-tries to stop this blockade and begin to repair the collaborative efforts to en-sure that we fight the war on terror to-gether and not against. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Tillerson. I look forward to working with him as a Member of the United States Congress to bring peace to that region. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PENN STATE CREAMERY IN HONOR OF NA-TIONAL ICE CREAM DAY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennyslvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, yesterday Americans ob-served National Ice Cream Day, which is celebrated annually on the third Sunday in July. In 1984, President Ronald Reagan made the designation and also named July National Ice Cream Month. Our very own Penn State University is a world leader in dairy production and food science. Over the last 150 years, its Berkey Creamery has been an important Penn State landmark. Penn State has a herd of more than 200 Holsteins that are milked twice daily, which is the start of the univer-sity’s delicious ice cream. The methods developed by Penn State’s food and dairy scientists have made the cream-ery a world authority on ice cream and dairy manufacturing. Penn State’s legendary short course, which takes participants from ‘‘Cow to Cone,’’ has attracted some of the big-gest names in ice cream, from Baskin- Robbins to Ben & Jerry’s, from Her-shey’s to Haagen-Dazs. For 6 days a year, industry profes-sionals head to Happy Valley for the best-known program dealing with science and the technology of ice cream. Congratulations to Penn State for being the industry leader, and happy National Ice Cream Month. f 
ENHANCING ACCESS TO HEALTHCARE (Mr. CA´RDENAS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CA´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, I have the honor and the privilege of being a United States Congressman, and with that comes tremendous responsibility. We have a country of over 320 million people—men, women, and children. And right now, we may be days away or even a couple of weeks away from watching the United States Senate pos-sibly change healthcare for America like we have never seen before. I hope and pray that my colleagues in both Houses and the President of the United States try their best to make sure that we enhance healthcare access rather than divert more than 20 million people away from being able to see a doctor. Just last week I was visited by some young folks and I was given this red band called ‘‘Will Power’’ for a little boy named Will, who has gone through many operations. If these bills see the light of day and the President’s desk and gets into law, people like Will just might not be around very much longer. Mr. Speaker, let’s hope and pray that we do the right thing. 
f 
CONDOLENCES TO FAMILIES OF THE 2ND MARINE RAIDER BAT-TALION (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my condolences to the families of the 15 marines and one Navy corpsman who tragically lost their lives last week. These servicemembers were among the most elite in our armed services, with six marines and the sailor from the 2nd Marine Raider Battalion lo-cated at Camp Lejeune. The other nine were based out of Stewart Air National Guard Base located in Newburgh, New York. Many of them had been deployed and served in conflicts in the Middle East. These American heroes valiantly served and placed the needs of our Na-tion first. As the parent of a marine now de-ployed in the Middle East, it is with a heavy heart that I offer my condo-lences to the friends and families of these exceptional Americans. The greatest worry of family and friends is the tragic loss of a loved one who is serving; thus, it is important to honor and remember these brave men and the sacrifices they made to preserve our way of life. We thank them and remember them for their service and sacrifice. Semper fi. f 
CELEBRATING VERA POWELL’S 90TH BIRTHDAY (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to celebrate the 90th birthday of Ms. Vera Powell, who lives in Pooler, Georgia. Ms. Powell was born on July 16, 1927, in Tattnall County, Georgia, about 60 miles due west of Savannah. After graduating from Tattnall County High School, Ms. Powell dedicated her life to her family and raising her three chil-dren: Bruce, Linda, and Crystal. In 1994, Ms. Powell moved from Tattnall County to Pooler, Georgia, and became a member of the First Bap-tist Church of Pooler. Her love of God and fellowship with others turned into a meaningful role with the church’s weekly Sunday school class. Now she has been an active weekly participant, greatly contributing to the fellowship and scholarship with the class for the past 23 years, and is a sta-ple of the church. The members of the congregation look forward to seeing Ms. Powell as she greets them at the church doors every Sunday morning. Ms. Powell’s family and friends cele-brated her 90th birthday with a recep-tion on July 16, 2017. Please join me in wishing this remarkable woman a very happy birthday. 
f 
VOTER SUPPRESSION The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. V
EASEY ) is recognized for 60 min-utes as the designee of the minority leader. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.036 H17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5905 July 17, 2017 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous material on the subject of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, it is great to be here with you this evening and to talk about a very important topic. Before I get into the topic of this hour, it is with great honor that I rise today to coanchor this CBC Special Order hour with my dear friend, Dele-gate S
TACEY PLASKETT from the Virgin Islands, and also acknowledge our CBC chair, the Honorable C
EDRIC RICHMOND  from the great State of Louisiana. For the next 60 minutes, we have a chance to speak directly to the Amer-ican people on issues of great impor-tance to the Congressional Black Cau-cus, the Congress, the constituents that we represent, and all Americans on this very important issue of voter suppression. Before I go into my remarks, Mr. Speaker, we do have some colleagues here that would like to also speak about this very timely and important topic. There have been many developments that have occurred over the last week dealing with commissions that are being formed out of the White House to help aid in voter suppression and other things that have been very troubling. So I am going to ask for the first speaker to rise, and that would be my colleague, also from the great State of Texas, from Harris County and the city of Houston, the Honorable S
HEILA  J
ACKSON LEE, who has been very thoughtful and been a great voice on expanding the rights to vote of all Americans. I thank Representative J
ACKSON LEEfor taking the time dur-ing this hour to come out and talk about this very important topic. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentleman from Texas (Mr. V
EASEY ), the coleader of this hour, along with Delegate P
LASKETT , for not only their astute leadership of the hour, but certainly of their astute leadership of the issue. I am delighted to join my colleagues. I thank the chair of the Congressional Black Caucus, Mr. C
EDRIC RICHMOND , for continuing to make sure that the conscience of the Congress, the Con-gressional Black Caucus, is heard on these crucial issues. Mr. V
EASEY , I am going to focus my issues—because this is not a Repub-lican or Democratic issue. It is an American issue. I do want to person-ally thank you for your leadership as the named plaintiff of the Texas voter ID litigation, which has been—how should I say? I wanted to say Earth- shattering—but it has been groundbreaking in its recognition of the diminishing of the rights of people to vote by a draconian voter ID law. We know that it has been somewhat modified, but your astuteness recog-nizes that, even in its modification, in the coming elections, we should be very wary of the effort that the State will utilize the voter ID law for voter suppression. So today I want to rise in the back-drop of the Shelby case, which many of us are well aware of. The Shelby case, which occurred in Alabama, was the unfortunate case that turned back the clock on the 1965 Voting Rights Act that had been working for decades with absolutely no problem; but, unfortu-nately, this conservative-leaning Su-preme Court made decisions not on what is good for America, not even on what is good in terms of the law, but decided to eliminate section 5. b1930 I am reminded of the very astute words of Justice Ginsburg, very astute words, when she was appalled that the Supreme Court yielded to what I would consider misinterpretation, that there is no problem with discrimination and there is no problem with racism, and Justice Ginsburg very astutely said: Well, we have been very fortunate that the polio vaccination has all but extin-guished polio in the United States. That is great news. But because we have extinguished polio, does that mean we need to get rid of the polio vaccination? And any commonsense thinker, any American, any hard-working American, would absolutely, because they love their children and their families, would have a resounding ‘‘no.’’ So why would you get rid of section 5 when there is documentation, unfor-tunately and sadly, of discrimination and of racism? Racism is a question of being discriminated against because of race. It does not say Black, it does not say any particular type of race, but it does mention race. That means that section 5 was a protector for all Ameri-cans and giving them the added protec-tion of one vote, one person. So, unfortunately, on June 28, 2017— and, by the way, Mr. Speaker, the pending meeting of this established Commission, the Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity, PACEI, is going to be meeting July 19, this week. This is a dangerous phe-nomenon. The chair and Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach wrote to the Na-tion’s secretaries of state requesting extensive personal information on American voters—personal informa-tion, when we have stood in this well fighting against the PATRIOT Act when it was not written well after 9/11 because its premise was to spy on the American people and to ignore the Fourth Amendment, which is to pro-tect Americans against unreasonable search and seizure. This is unreasonable search and sei-zure. Let me list for you what this Commission is asking for. Some of this is public knowledge, but listen to this list: the full first and last names of all registrants; middle names or initials, if available; addresses, dates of birth, po-litical party, if recorded in your State; last four digits of Social Security, if available; voter history—voter his-tory—what elections you voted in from 2006 onward; active and inactive status. I would venture to say that if I asked my Republican colleagues if they want their constituents sending this infor-mation in I would hear a little bit of grumbling. Canceled status; information regard-ing any felony convictions. All these are State issues. Information regarding voter registra-tion in another State; information re-garding military status; and overseas citizen information. First of all, there is no documenta-tion of massive voter fraud. ‘‘The right to vote, and the sanctity and privacy of the vote, is protected by the U.S. Constitution, including the Fifth, Fourteenth, and Fifteenth Amendments. Due process. All of these allow you to have a degree of privacy. It is an obligation of your administra-tion,’’ which is a letter to President Trump that I am reading from, ‘‘to pre-serve the sanctity and privacy of the vote, not to undermine it as would be the case if Texas were to comply with the PACEI’s unconscionable request. The only approved government use of voter registration data, outside of vot-ing, is jury selection, not a Presi-dential Advisory Commission of dubi-ous purpose formed to search for non-consistent evidence to vindicate your false claim that you lost the popular vote by 2.9 million votes, the largest loss in American history, because ‘mil-lions of people who voted illegally.’’’ As you well know, that was a state-ment that no one can document by this present administration. So this Presi-dential Advisory Commission is a dou-bling down of an executive order to find a problem that does not exist. It is a solution, a false solution, seeking to find a problem. It is a dangerous propo-sition. It is an invasion of the privacy of the American people. And any good person who believes in the right to pri-vacy, any conservative, liberal, mod-erate, anyone with any political philos-ophy who believes in the Constitution of the United States should stand arm in arm together against PACEI. It is the beginning of Big Brother, the arm of Big Brother, the frightening Big Brother, to intrude into the homes of the American people and to secure information that is, in fact, chal-lenging whether you can move from one State to the next, challenging whether or not you can have a voter card canceled or expired, challenging individuals who have been given par-dons but had a felony, and challenging military persons who move from place to place. This is an insult, and this is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.038 H17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5906 July 17, 2017 
clearly voter suppression, not in any way a way to speak to the issue of fraud. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to take this very seriously. I have asked my State to stand down. I have asked the President to pull this request, and I, frankly, believe this executive order should be eliminated. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  two documents related to this. 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, July 6, 2017. President D
ONALD J. T RUMP , The White House, Washington, DC. 
DEARMR. PRESIDENT : I am writing to urge you to rescind your May 11, 2017 Executive Order establishing the Presi-dential Advisory Commission on Elec-tion Integrity (PACEI) and to direct that the PACEI be dissolved imme-diately. The PACEI is charged with studying ‘‘the registration and voting processes used in Federal elections’’ and identifying ‘‘vulnerabilities in vot-ing systems’’ that could lead to voter fraud. Many people, however, suspect that the real purpose of the Commis-sion is not investigate widespread voter fraud, which every reputable study has already debunked as a myth, but to gather data to aid in future voter suppression efforts. On June 28, 2017, PACEI Chair and Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach wrote to the nation’s secretaries of state requesting extensive personal in-formation on American voters threat-ens to violate individual privacy. Spe-cifically, the PACEI seeks to obtain, inter alia: ‘‘the full first and last names of registrants, middle names or initials if available, addresses, dates of birth, political party (if recorded in your state), last four digits of social se-curity number if available, voter his-tory (elections voted in) from 2006 on-ward, active/inactive status, cancelled status, information regarding any fel-ony convictions, information regarding voter registration in another state, in-formation regarding military status, and overseas citizen information.’’ Releasing the confidential voter in-formation sought by the PACEI which will be stored in an unsecure database on unsecured servers and accessible to the public is illegal, irresponsible, jeop-ardizes civil liberties and privacy rights, and puts our national security at risk. It is important that all voters, in-cluding those in the 18th Congressional District of Texas whom I am privileged to represent, be fully protected. While supplying only public voter informa-tion may seem secure, the sad fact is that it is not. There is no publicly available record for voter registration information for any state in America. Such data set is protected under the principle of collective privacy, recog-nized by the Supreme Court in the landmark decision of NAACP v. Ala-bama, 377 U.S. 288, 84 S. Ct. 1302, 12 L. Ed. 2d 325 (1964), which held that com-pelled disclosure of affiliation with groups engaged in advocacy may con-stitute an impermissible chilling effect on the freedom of association guaran-teed by the First Amendment. The Court has affirmed this principle and it is now settled law. Accordingly, Texas cannot, consistent with the U.S. Con-stitution, supply the private voter in-formation requested by the PACEI. In-deed, if the information sought was public as PACEI contends, there would be no need for it to request the infor-mation from state governments. The right to vote, and the sanctity and privacy of the vote, is protected by the U.S. Constitution, including the Fifth, Fourteenth, and Fifteenth Amendments. It is an obligation of your administration to preserve the sanctity and privacy of the vote, not to undermine it as would be the case if Texas were to comply with the PACEI’s unconscionable request. The only approved government use of voter registration data, outside of voting, is jury selection, not a presidential advi-sory commission of dubious purpose formed to search for nonexistent evi-dence to vindicate your false claim that you lost the popular vote by 2.9 million votes, the largest loss in Amer-ican history, because ‘‘millions of peo-ple who voted illegally.’’ Voter suppression is real but the oft- repeated claim that American elec-tions are rife with voter fraud is a myth. A comprehensive 2014 study pub-lished in The Washington Post found out of more than a billion votes cast only 31 credible instances of impersonation fraud from 2000 to 2014, and that event this tiny number was likely inflated because the study’s author counted not just voter fraud prosecutions or convic-tions but all credible claims. Numerous other reports have reached the same conclusion. Finally, it should be noted that com-pliance with the PACEI’s voter data re-quest would put the security of the na-tion’s electoral processes at risk. We know from recent and painful experi-ence, including the cyberattacks on the Veterans Administration, the Office of Personnel Management, not to men-tion SONY and Yahoo, that large cen-tralized databases are targets of oppor-tunities for criminals, terrorists, and foreign adversaries. It would be the height of recklessness for Texas to pro-vide the PACEI with personal informa-tion of millions of person via unsecured email address to be stored in under-secured databases on undersecured servers. This is why the large majority of states, 44 states and the District of Co-lumbia, have refused to comply with the PACEI’s data requests. To date, only five states have indicated they will cooperate with the PACEI and with a data set this small, any findings drawn by the PACEI will lack external validity and yield no generalizable con-clusions. In view of all the cir-cumstances extant, the most reason-able and accurate conclusion that can be reached about the PACEI is that it is not intended to ferret out and pre-vent voter fraud, but to obtain infor-mation that can be used to refine voter suppression efforts. For these reasons, I strongly urge you to rescind your May 11, 2017 Execu-tive Order and direct that the Presi-dent’s Advisory Commission on Elec-tion Integrity be disbanded imme-diately. Thank you for your consider-ation. Please contact me if you have any questions or need additional infor-mation. Very truly yours, S
HEILA JACKSON LEE, Member of Congress. 
[From Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee of Texas] T
RUMP ’SVOTER FRAUD COMMISSION IS A  F
RAUD AND SHOULD BEDISBANDED NOW Unable to cope with the brutal fact that he lost the popular vote to Hillary Clinton by 2.9 million votes, the largest vote deficit of any president in American history, Donald Trump tweeted that he would have won the popular vote but for ‘‘millions of people who voted illegally.’’ Instead of producing any credible evidence to support this claim, a hoax that has been repeatedly and decisively debunked by experts, the President doubled down and issued an Executive Order estab-lishing the ‘‘Presidential Advisory Commis-sion on Election Integrity’’ (PACEI), ap-pointing Kris Kobach, anti-immigration war-rior and poster-child for voter fraud conspiratorialists everywhere, to lead the Commission. It would be more accurate to characterize the PACEI as the ‘‘Presidential Advisory Commission on Vote Suppression.’’ Voter suppression is real but the oft-repeated claim that American elections are rife with voter fraud is a myth. According to a comprehen-sive 2014 study published in The Washington Post, out of more than a billion votes cast between 2000 and 2014, only 31 credible in-stances of impersonation fraud were found, and even this tiny number was likely in-flated because the study’s author counted not just voter fraud prosecutions or convic-tions but all credible claims. Numerous other reports have reached the same conclu-sion. Any lingering doubt regarding the true purpose of the PACEI should be laid to rest by the request made by Commissioner Kobach on June 28, 2017 when he wrote each of the nation’s state secretaries of state re-questing that they provide the Commission with ‘‘the full first and last names of all reg-istrants, middle names or initials if avail-able, addresses, dates of birth, political party (if recorded in your state), last four digits of social security number if available, voter history (elections voted in) from 2006 on-ward, active/inactive status, cancelled sta-tus, information regarding any felony con-victions, information regarding voter reg-istration in another state, information re-garding military status, and overseas citizen information.’’ The information requested by the Commis-sion will not prevent voter fraud. It will vio-late rather than protect voter privacy. And it will make it easier to craft legislation and devise campaign strategies intended to sup-press the vote in urban clusters and among targeted demographic groups, particularly minority voters. It is important that all voters, and the people of the 18th Congressional District of Texas whom I am privileged to represent, be fully protected. While supplying only public voter information may seem secure, the sad 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.040 H17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5907 July 17, 2017 
fact is that it is not. There is no publicly ac-cessible database of voter registration infor-mation in any of the 50 states or the District of Columbia. That is because information of this kind is protected from public disclosure under the settled principle of ‘collective pri-vacy’ recognized by the Supreme Court in the landmark decision of NAACP v. Alabama, 377 U.S. 288, 84 S. Ct. 1302, 12 L. Ed. 2d 325 (1964), which held that compelled disclosure of affiliation with groups engaged in advo-cacy may constitute an impermissible chilling effect on the freedom of association guaranteed by the First Amendment, a hold-ing that has been affirmed repeatedly. Accordingly, neither Texas nor any state can, consistent with the U.S. Constitution, supply the voter information requested by the PACEI. Indeed, if the information sought was as public in nature as PACEI contends, there simply would be no need for it to re-quest the information from state govern-ments. Trump’s voter suppression commission is a solution in search of a problem. Contrary to what Trump and Kobach would have the pub-lic believe, American elections are not rife with widespread voter fraud. Studies have shown that it is more likely an American ‘‘will be struck by lightning than that he will impersonate another voter at the polls.’’ No, the major ill affecting our election sys-tem is not that too many people vote due to voter fraud, but that too many people are prevented from voting due to vote suppres-sion schemes such as discriminatory photo identification requirements, curtailment of early voting, too few polling stations leading to long lines and excessive wait times, purg-ing of election rolls. Even in the wholly unimaginable event that the commission created by Donald Trump and led by Kris Kobach could be trusted enough for states to cooperate by sharing their voter data, there is no reason-able basis for assuming that information would be kept secure and the privacy of vot-ers protected. Recent cyberattacks have made clear the vulnerability of large central databases to cyberattack. An information se-curity breach at the Department of Veterans Affairs compromised sensitive personal data of 26.5 million persons and cost the VA be-tween $100 million to $500 million to reme-diate; another occurring at the Office of Per-sonnel Management impacted 22 million cur-rent and former federal employees, many of whom held sensitive security clearances; and the attack on Yahoo, the mother of all secu-rity breaches, resulted in 1.5 billion user ac-counts being compromised. Because large centralized databases are targets of opportunities for criminals, ter-rorists, and foreign adversaries, it would be the height of recklessness for Texas or any state to provide the PACEI with personal in-formation of millions of persons via unse-cured email address to be stored in under-secured databases on undersecured servers. One of the biggest strengths of the American election system is its decentralized nature. Aggregating all voter data into one cen-tralized database with questionable security protections makes that data highly vulner-able to a cyberattack that could lead to the personal information of hundreds of millions of Americans being stolen and misused. Voter privacy and the integrity of the secret ballot are integral to American democracy. Voter privacy rights should and must be pro-tected. This is especially true since we now know for certain that adversaries like Russia are actively involved in cyberwarfare cam-paigns to undermine our democracy. There is no denying that our election sys-tem is under assault, but not in the way Trump imagines. Instead of wasting tax-payer money to fund an investigation into voter fraud, which is as mythical as a uni-corn, American democracy would be better served by focusing on and correcting the real problem with our elections—voter suppres-sion and external, illegal, and international interference in our national elections. I am not opposed to employing reasonable, legitimate, and workable means to safeguard the integrity of our electoral system and to protect the precious right to vote. But Trump’s Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity is incapable of doing either and thus should be disbanded and dis-solved immediately. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me conclude by holding up this map, which indicates the colors of the indi-vidual States that are only slightly ad-hering to this Commission. The orange and the blue are individual States, some that are not adhering and some that are giving basic public informa-tion, but not all the personal informa-tion. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I hope we can collectively fight against the suppression of voters, and I thank him for alerting the Amer-ican people to this severe attempt to perpetrate a wrongness, which is that there is voter fraud, and that we should not violate the privacy of Americans. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my fellow Texan and colleague for her timely remarks. I think the American public really would be interested in what she talked about with the crimi-nal background history that this Com-mission wants. I know that there are a lot of peo-ple—both Democrats and Republicans, quite frankly, people of all political stripes—that made mistakes when they were younger and now maybe they go and vote. They are good Americans. They assimilate themselves into soci-ety. They have learned from their mis-takes, and they would be very dis-turbed to know that this sort of infor-mation about something that they did when they were 21 years old and now they are 40-something years old, they would be very disturbed to know that this type of information was being col-lected. I thank her for raising that issue. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ), my friend, to also speak on this issue. I thank him for taking the time to come out here today and share some of the concerns that he has. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, let me first thank the gentleman from Texas for sponsoring this CBC Special Order hour. It is a great responsibility and a responsibility that he has done re-markably well in governing the time and the topics on which we speak. This is a timely topic, Mr. Speaker. In a single decision, the U.S. Su-preme Court set ablaze decades of progress by overturning critical por-tions of the Voting Rights Act. Four years after Shelby County v. Holder, voter protections that many Ameri-cans rely on are again under assault. Following that decision, we saw an eruption of unjust voting laws. It is an unfortunate historical fact that, in the absence of Federal safeguards, some States will erect prejudicial barriers to voting. States previously under Fed-eral overview were emboldened and, shortly after the ruling issued, bla-tantly added discriminatory rules that directly affected minority commu-nities. Sadly, one of the most significant and imminent threats to accessing the polls comes directly from the adminis-tration. Since the inauguration, the Trump administration has withdrawn from longstanding legal challenges to discriminatory voter laws and created the Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity that will inves-tigate the President’s wildly unsub-stantiated claims of voter fraud. These sorts of actions and rhetoric only reas-sure States that discriminatory voting laws will be tolerated and upheld in this administration. I urge Congress to take responsibility and restore vital voter protections that have secured the integrity of our de-mocracy for more than 50 years. Al-though the Shelby decision was one of the most disruptive judicial decisions in recent American history, passing good voting rights legislation will re-deem America’s promise of a fair vote for everyone of eligible age. It appears that protecting America’s basic right to vote will be a task re-born with every generation. Obstacles to voting are no longer as blatantly ob-vious as literary tests and poll taxes. Unjust voter ID laws, voter intimida-tion, and unfair gerrymandering create barriers to the polls for individuals from all skin colors and age groups. Although these actions appear insur-mountable, they are not. Voter sup-pression is an affront to the Constitu-tion and will not be tolerated. If we continue to resist all attempts to turn back voter protections, we will be suc-cessful and once again stand proudly on the right side of history. Mr. Speaker, it is unfortunate that this Nation appears to be going in re-verse. Gains that have been made by people who weren’t necessarily consid-ered citizens when they first arrived here, but property, have had to look to these rulings and laws being created in order for them to have the rights every other American has. The hands that built this great build-ing could not vote, were property. But it is a beautiful symbol of this Nation’s history. The ancestors of the people that helped build these beautiful build-ings here will be rolling over in their graves to learn that equality and rights for all are still under attack. So, Mr. Speaker, the CBC and, I hope, the whole Congress will be vigilant in this area, making sure that all Ameri-cans, regardless of where they come from, where they started, and when they were allowed and even seen as citizens, have the right to vote in this great country. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New Jersey, par-ticularly for pointing out about the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.025 H17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5908 July 17, 2017 
hands that built this building. That is something that is not widely known, that the hands that built this building were not hands of free men but hands of slaves that built this building that we stand under today, that people come and admire from all around the world, and we admire this building as a symbol of freedom. But the hands that built it were not free hands. And of course what followed emanci-pation in this country—Jim Crow, voter suppression, and all of those things—once we finally got past the late sixties and seventies, to see some of that coming back again is very, very disturbing, and I want to thank him for his timely comments on that. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Ohio (Mrs. B
EATTY ). I thank her spending so much time here on the House floor working the Special Order hour, and particularly when it comes to the thing that we are so wor-ried about right now, which is the voter suppression commission. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman V
EASEY for yielding. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor for me to stand on this floor, but when I think that tonight I have to stand here and talk about the topic that the Congres-sional Black Caucus comes to the House floor to speak out against is a sad day. Mr. Speaker, I thank my classmate and colleague and friend, Congressman M
ARCVEASEY , for taking a leadership role and for making that clarion call to ask us to come. b1945 Many of us will come tonight and speak out. Several of us will file our message so it can be recorded. Others will be back in their districts fighting for voting rights. This is something we have to do be-cause, unfortunately, it has been over 50 years since President Lyndon John-son signed into law the Voting Rights Act of 1965, which has been the most powerful tool in defending the voting rights of minorities. The Voting Rights Act, as you have heard tonight and you will continue to hear, outlawed the harassment, the in-timidation, and the violence that many African Americans experienced when trying to exercise their right to vote. It ended some of the most overtly discriminatory practices in our coun-try’s history by banning literacy tests, appointing Federal examiners in cer-tain problematic areas to register vot-ers and monitor elections, and crim-inalizing voter intimidation threats and coercion. Also key to the Voting Rights Act, you have heard many of our attorneys explain it and talk about the creation of the preclearance process that re-quired certain places with some of the worst histories of discrimination to gain approval from a Federal court or the Department of Justice before mak-ing election changes. However, Mr. Speaker, during my first term in Congress, I became a part of this history. It was in 2013 that the United States Supreme Court struck down this crucial provision of the Vot-ing Rights Act in the Shelby County v. Holder decision, opening the door for States to reduce—I am going to say that again, Mr. Speaker—opening the door to reduce the electoral power of minority communities. And with that door open, many States are taking this opportunity to pass a slew or a wave of laws, including strict voter ID requirements, early vot-ing cutbacks, and registration restric-tions, making it harder for many hard-working Americans to vote. That is just not right. Every citizen should have the right to vote. Following the 2016 election, Presi-dent Trump falsely claimed that mil-lions voted illegally, perpetuating the myth of voter fraud long used to jus-tify restrictive legislation that sup-presses voters in low-income areas. I stand here today to tell you that it is not true. And when the Congressional Black Caucus hears the President of these United States using terms like ‘‘voter fraud’’ or ‘‘illegally voted,’’ we can read between the lines, Mr. Speaker. He is signaling his intent, in my opin-ion, to suppress the vote. He is sig-naling the support for efforts that will make it even harder for poor people, people of color, women, elderly people, to vote, one of the fundamental rights that we have to vote. While the legislative maneuvers to restrict our citizens’ fundamental right to vote should shock the conscience, it has not, and that is why we are stand-ing on this floor today. That is why we are asking Democrats and Republicans to work together to correct this wrong. We have witnessed the history of some 50-plus years of what happened to many people in some of our Southern States. Mr. Speaker, it is just not right, and that is why we are here today. As former President Barack Obama said: ‘‘This is something that has con-stantly been disproved.’’ As a matter of fact, ‘‘This is fake news.’’ Now, one of my colleagues came to the floor tonight and said this is not a Democrat or a Republican issue. Well, let me say it a little differently. This should not be a Democrat or Repub-lican issue; but if it were a bipartisan issue, we wouldn’t be standing here in this Special Order hour demanding and asking that we come together, as Democrats and Republicans, and re-store the voting rights. So let me be very clear. The Congres-sional Black Caucus, through the lead-ership of our chairman, Congressman C
EDRIC RICHMOND , through the leader-ship of our power-of-the-hour chair, Congressman M
ARC VEASEY , and the other members of the Congressional Black Caucus, one of the largest minor-ity caucuses in this House, we stand ready to advocate, we stand ready to protect those who we come here to pro-tect. So as elected officials, we have a re-sponsibility to ensure the right of ‘‘one person, one vote,’’ and part of this re-sponsibility includes making it easier, Mr. Speaker, not harder for citizens to vote. And we will not stop our quest in ensuring justice for all Americans. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative BEATTY . I really appre-ciate her participating again and her comments, and we are going to take her call and continue to push on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I would like to invite my friend and colleague up from the great State of Pennsylvania, Rep-resentative D
WIGHT EVANS , to also speak about this subject. Of course, throughout the history of African Americans, Philadelphia and Pennsyl-vania have played a very critical role. I am glad that my colleague from Pennsylvania is stepping up and speak-ing about this very timely issue of voter suppression in the wake of Shelby County. I yield to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. E
VANS ). Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from the great State of Texas, Congressman V
EASEY , for his leadership under Congressman R
ICH-
MOND , and for what he and Delegate S
TACEY PLASKETT have been providing over the last couple of weeks. Right now, as Members of Congress, we are in what I call an Article I, sec-tion 1 moment. Article I, section 1 in the Constitution grants us this power. We need to harness the power of the process to ensure that accountability and transparency for Philadelphians, Pennsylvanians, and all the American people. We know that voting is a funda-mental right, and we know that the Federal Government should not be in the business of dealing with personal information of voters nationwide. Philadelphians, Pennsylvanians, and Americans have a right to privacy. My-self and my colleagues before you today intend to do everything we can to ensure privacy is guaranteed and protected. The Trump administration has yet to instill confidence and garner respect from the American people. Voting is a right that cannot and will not be taken away. The right to vote is a core Amer-ican value and guiding principle that must be protected and not tampered with in any way. Believe me when I tell you, President Trump, we know what you are trying to do here. We see the actions of your administration for what they are. Our neighborhoods are at risk of voter sup-pression, and we cannot and will not stand for it. Last week, I was proud to join my colleagues, the chairman of the Con-gressional Black Caucus, Chairman R
ICHMOND , and the United States Sen-ator from New Jersey, when they stood up last week and introduced a piece of legislation to revoke President Trump’s executive order. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.041 H17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5909 July 17, 2017 
I am proud to stand with the Gov-ernor of my State and my friend, Gov-ernor Tom Wolf, who has been very outspoken in speaking out for Penn-sylvanians all across the Common-wealth and clearly told the President he will not disclose personal PA voter information. I want to leave you with a quote from Dr. King: ‘‘We may have all come on different ships, but we are in the same boat now.’’ I have lived my entire life in the City of Philadelphia and know that it is a sanctuary city. We are so much strong-er when we celebrate our differences and use them as strengths to uplift us. We will not accept this voter suppres-sion. Together, we will ensure the choir of our voices are heard loud and clear. We have an obligation to build a stronger tomorrow for all of our neigh-borhoods. Mr. Speaker, I join with my col-leagues from the Congressional Black Caucus to send a message, a message and a voice that we will not just sit here idly by. We will not allow this process to just run roughshod. As I said from the beginning, this is an Article I, section 1 moment where we all recognize that we, in Congress, Democrat and Republican alike, recog-nize that we have an obligation and re-sponsibility to the American public. And this is not about partisanship. This is about a fundamental right, and we don’t take it lightly. So I applaud the leadership, again, of my colleague from the great State of Texas, for what he is providing here, and all the members of the Congres-sional Black Caucus. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his comments and appreciate him taking time out to talk about this very critical announcement. As soon as everyone in the Black community, Black communities around the country, and elected offi-cials around the country who are con-cerned about voter suppression and other tools and tactics that have been used to suppress the African-American vote, we went to action, and I appre-ciate that the gentleman was one of the first people to step up and appre-ciate his participation tonight. Mr. Speaker, my colleague, Congress-woman E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , who was not able to make it here this evening, will be including a statement in the R
ECORD . She represents the 30th Congressional District of Texas and is my next-door neighbor. She represents Dallas and the southern suburbs of Dal-las. I appreciate her weighing in on this topic as well. Mr. Speaker, the foundation of Amer-ican democracy is that, no matter who you are, we are all equal once we step into that voting booth. And the cour-age that has been displayed by brave foot soldiers who risked and, in some cases, gave their lives to guarantee that constitutional promise was ful-filled must never be forgotten, and this is really important to point out. I mean, we have Representative JOHN L
EWIS, who is a hero of the civil rights movement. But I always encourage people to watch the documentary, ‘‘Eyes on the Prize’’ so they can see how people were treated, how people were treated by law enforcement, how people were treated by people who were in positions of power, people who were active in the community, people who belonged to the Lions Club, belonged to the Elks Club, the way they treated people who were simply trying to reg-ister to vote. There is one scene that I will never forget; it was about a woman who was trying to go and vote, and she was being kicked and shoved and hit and knocked to the ground by law enforce-ment in Alabama for simply trying to exercise her right to vote that was given to her in the early 1900s when women in this country were finally given the right of suffrage. It is really in their memory that Congress originally passed the land-mark Voting Rights Act of 1965. And for years, both Republicans and Demo-crats reauthorized the Voting Rights Act, agreeing that equal access to the polls must be preserved for generations to come. But sadly, Mr. Speaker, in 2013, that tradition dramatically changed. The Supreme Court ruling in Shelby Coun-ty v. Holder struck down section 4 of the Voting Rights Act and made Con-gress responsible for updating the VRA. The Court has left it to Congress to create a new formula for deter-mining which States and other juris-dictions should be discovered under section 5 of the Voting Rights Act to ensure protection against discrimina-tion. But 4 years later, we can confidently say that the Supreme Court ruling set into motion what most of us feared— that minorities and low-income Ameri-cans would have to face unfair and pu-nitive barriers from exercising their most basic right as American citizens, and that is the right to vote. b2000 In the years since the Shelby County decision, Republican legislatures na-tionwide have been in power to unleash an avalanche of purposely restrictive laws that have been aimed to keep, again, mostly Black and Latino voters away from the poll. Even when you do discovery and when you look into why these laws were passed by State legis-latures, it is clear what the intent was. It is a tactic that the Republican Party has indirectly endorsed, since they believe that trying to earn the vote of the growing minority popu-lation, that they would rather keep them away from the polls altogether. Prior to Shelby, States with a his-tory of voter suppression and discrimi-natory practices were required to preclear any changes in their election laws with the Department of Justice prior to enactment. But now, in the ab-sence of an updated VRA, States no longer require the DOJ’s approval. I want to talk about my own State, the State of Texas, which has really served as an incubator for the suppres-sive tactics that Republicans nation-wide have been eager to enact for years. I saw this up close and personal in the 8 years that I spent in the Texas Legislature, where I saw Texas Repub-licans enact SB 14, which severely re-stricted the types of IDs that voters could bring to the polls in order to cast the ballot. Texas Republicans claimed that limiting acceptable IDs would pre-vent widespread in-person voter fraud. As vice chair of the Voter Identifica-tion and Voter Fraud Select Com-mittee in the Texas state house, I wit-nessed how Texas Republicans failed to produce any piece of evidence to prove that massive voter impersonation was occurring statewide. Hearing after hearing—you can go back and look at the record, going back to 2005—I and my other colleagues who served on the committee and who were concerned about some of the voter suppression tactics asked the question: Show us evidence that voter suppres-sion is taking place. We have time here during this legislative session. That was what we would ask over and over again, and not one person could bring any evidence that this had hap-pened. Their flawed argument justified lim-iting voter IDs and instead favored an approach that would exclude student IDs but actually say that it was okay to use a concealed handgun license as a form of ID. What is interesting about that is that these student IDs, campus law enforce-ment, which, in the State of Texas, where I am from, again, if a kid has al-cohol or if someone is roaming around campus and the police need to be able to verify who they are and identify them, that student ID that is issued by a State university in the State of Texas serves as ID for law enforcement personnel on those campuses to be able to verify whether that student is, in fact, who they are and belongs on that campus. That same ID, again, that is issued by the State of Texas could not be used to go and vote. It just doesn’t make any sense. When the law was enacted, of course, the DOJ blocked the measure. How-ever, hours after the Shelby decision, Governor Perry enacted Texas’ restric-tive voter ID law. I became a named plaintiff in the case because I knew that, despite Republicans’ claims that the law would disproportionately dis-enfranchise Latino and African-Amer-ican voters—the State’s own estimates showed that it would potentially dis-enfranchise over 600,000 Texans who are registered but do not have one of the required forms of ID. And there are lots of different reasons why people may or may not have an ID. If they were born in a foreign coun-try and they are now American citi-zens, they may have a hard time get-ting access to some of those docu-ments. They may not have the money 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.043 H17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5910 July 17, 2017 
or the transportation to go to the county that they were born in to be able to get the documents that they need in order to get one of these IDs. Again, there are costs and there are transportation and geographic barriers that may take place. You may have people who were born in the country by midwives, and they are particularly African-American baby boomers and older that migrated from places like Longview, Texas; Mar-shall, Texas; Tyler, Texas, and they weren’t really even raised in those cit-ies. They were raised in smaller towns outside of those cities and they may not have those proper forms of ID. Remember, segregation was very rampant back then in Texas, and many people were born by midwives, were born in their houses and what have you. There are variations of spellings of last names. I have that in my own family. There are just so many other examples of that. I am proud to report that two Fed-eral courts, including the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals, which is easily con-sidered by most to be the most con-servative appeals court in the country, have found the law to be discrimina-tory in its intent and its effect. Despite this victory, we knew that Texas was only the beginning. We have heard about so many other laws around the country that exclude people from being able to register to vote unless they have a passport, or unless they have their birth certificate, which makes it almost impossible for nonprofits to set up a table at a busy grocery store, for instance, on a Saturday and do any sort of voter registration. There are just all sorts of issues out there. There are organizations like King Street Pa-triots, for instance, that pride them-selves on their ability to try to sup-press the minority vote. Again, Texas was only the beginning. And, sadly, Mr. Speaker, unless we can find a new way to come together to do what is right when it comes to suffrage in this coun-try, it seems like this is going to be something that we have to fight for a long time. Now, sadly, I am ashamed to say that our President has also taken a page out of the Republican playbook and has begun to perpetuate the same myths about widespread voter fraud that, sadly, we have been fighting since the Reconstruction era, Mr. Speaker. Very, very, very sad. Nearly 3 months after winning the Presidency, President Trump could not handle the fact that, despite winning the Presidency, he lost the popular vote. And unsatisfied with the results, President Trump does what he does best: he went to Twitter to blame his unpopularity on widespread voter fraud. And, worse, now he has created this Presidential commission on election integrity. It is a sham commission that will, no doubt, work to justify claims that elections are being compromised by our own citizens and serve as a cata-lyst to continue the wave of voter sup-pression and intimidation that we have witnessed across this country. I am proud that the Congressional Black Caucus, the Congressional His-panic Caucus, and the Asian Pacific American Caucus have all gotten to-gether to introduce legislation to en-sure that not a single dollar from the taxpayers is spent towards this phony commission. Again, I think that everybody should be concerned about this commission. Any commission that wants to gather private information on citizens, put it in a database, information that—quite frankly, mistakes that people made back when they were in college. There are a lot of people out there that I know, that I went to high school and college with, people that I have known around the Fort Worth and Dallas com-munity for a long time, all around the State of Texas, they made mistakes when they were younger. Maybe it was a DWI. Maybe it was some other sort of issue, but they have assimilated them-selves back into society. They are working. They are paying taxes. And the fact that this database would want to take the mistakes that they made in their youth and put them in this data-base and to look at whether or not they are committing some sort of fraud is just something that—again, doesn’t matter if you are Democrat or Repub-lican, there are a lot of people out there who made mistakes when they were younger. It is just awful that this could come back to haunt them. The fact is that the voter fraud myth has been debunked by various rep-utable research organizations, includ-ing the ACLU, the Brennan Center for Justice, the Campaign Legal Center, and the Pew Research Center, to name a few. But that has not changed the fact that Republicans and now our President want to turn back the clock on voting rights. It is really sad, Mr. Speaker. The commission recently requested sensitive voter information as part of their fake investigation, and we are al-ready seeing the effects. Out of fear of having their Social Security, voting history, party affiliation, again, their criminal background history that I talked about in a concentrated voter base, news sources have already re-ported voters deregistering to vote. That is sad because that is exactly the type of voter intimidation that Repub-licans want to nationalize. House Republicans have purposely dragged their feet on updating the VRA and ignored their duty to uphold the Constitution and ensure the sacred right of all Americans to be able to cast their vote. Even as these courts begin to rule against the purposely prejudiced tac-tics of these GOP State legislatures, it is up to us to bring our voices together and lift the veil on their true inten-tions. It is our duty now to stand up against these discriminatory practices that are being implemented nation-wide, because the President’s sham commission will have its first meeting this Wednesday, and we have to send one message loud and clear: We will not allow voter suppression to become normal. We have to make that clear. I thank my colleagues for working alongside me in this fight, because every member of the Congressional Black Caucus is talking about this in their district when they are going back, townhalls, various other events that are out and about in their respec-tive areas that they represent around our country to let them know what is in store. I have got to tell you, Mr. Speaker, I am confident that we will once again be able to ensure that the sacred right to vote is not denied to a single Amer-ican. It has been overcome a lot. We are going to continue to overcome this, just like we have after the Reconstruc-tion era, like we did in the 1960s, and we are going to fight this all the way until we get the fairness that we want. I want to remind everybody that there is going to be a voter suppression forum tomorrow that members of the Congressional Black Caucus, along with the House Judiciary Democrats, will host on this very topic, voter sup-pression in the wake of Shelby County, which is the name of the Special Order that we are working on right now. And Members will hear from Kentucky Sec-retary of State Alison Lundergan Grimes and others about the Presi-dent’s voter fraud commission and the bipartisan backlash that it is facing. The forum will be live-streamed on the House Judiciary Democrats’ Facebook page. I invite all Americans to join in this very important and crucial con-versation that is going to be taking place on Wednesday. I thank everybody again that came out to participate for this Special Order hour on voter suppression in the wake of what happened in Shelby County. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in solidarity with my colleagues in the Congressional Black Caucus to speak out against voter suppression. Voter suppression is a serious issue that threatens the integrity of our elections. While the Con-gressional Black Caucus members have high-lighted their numerous concerns, we should all be deeply involved in combating voter sup-pression and expanding access to the polls for all Americans—particularly in the wake of the destructive ruling in Shelby County v. Holder. When fellow Texan and former President Lyndon Baines Johnson signed the Voting Rights Act of 1965 into law, our country was in the midst of wrestling with literacy tests, the purging of voter rolls, and intimidation by those who wished to keep minorities and other vulnerable segments of the population from casting their ballots at the polls. It was a dif-ficult time in our nation’s history, but one that we seemingly overcame together in a broad recognition that all Americans should have equal access to the polls. The positive effects of the Voting Rights Act grew quickly appar-ent. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.044 H17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5911 July 17, 2017 
Following passage of the VRA, nearly 1 mil-lion black voters registered to vote within just four years, including over fifty percent of the black voting age population in every southern state. We witnessed the number of black elected officials in the South more than dou-ble, from 72 to 159, following the 1966 elec-tions. By the mid-1980s, there were more Afri-can Americans in public office across the South than throughout the rest of the nation combined. More than fifty years later, we are once again faced with the same fight under a dif-ferent, more sinister guise. The United States Supreme Court’s decision in Shelby v. Holder has brought our nation back to our darkest times in history. Discrimination on the basis of race is a persistent reality throughout many lo-calities in states once protected by Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act—including my home state of Texas. Absent these protections, many voters are at risk of losing their funda-mental right to vote. On May 11, 2017, President Trump issued an executive order that would create an ‘‘elec-tion integrity’’ commission. The stated purpose of this commission was to combat voter fraud, but we know the true meaning behind an ex-ecutive order of this nature. It is to repeat the egregious mistakes of our past and once again prevent legitimate voters from exercising their constitutional rights to vote. Mr. Speaker, the concerns of the Congres-sional Black Caucus and the concerns of countless Americans are worthy of our time in Congress. We must speak out against thinly- veiled commissions meant to suppress the vote. We must bolster the Voting Rights Act to its former power and encourage others to combat voter suppression and protect unfet-tered access to the ballot. 
f 
COMMUNITY PHARMACIES The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. C
OLLINS ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise and ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legisla-tive days within which to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, tonight, as we come before the body, we have come back on a topic we have been here before on. It is really the hidden enemy, I guess if you would, of people and trying to get a drug pric-ing system, something where their community pharmacist, the inde-pendent pharmacist, it is that middle man called the PBM, the pharmacy benefit manager, who simply snuck in many years ago. b2015 It originally started as a good idea so that you could collaborate, you could get better drug pricing, you could get it to the consumer through rebates and through concessions. And as in all things, I guess, good ideas and greed just get in the way sometimes. We are at a point where this is an issue that I want to continue to high-light. We are going to do so in several ways. We are going to talk about some issues. I spoke with colleagues on the floor before about the really terrible actions of many in the PBM commu-nity, especially the largest ones that control over 80 percent of the market. There are only three of those that real-ly control almost the entire market-place of this and control plans that folks would understand very quickly. They control where you go, how much you pay, the formularies. It is down to that kind of a problem. Last year, when the world began to wake up to these issues of pricing and all of this came to light, they began to question why these drugs were costing so much, such as the EpiPen. Well, what they began to find out was that these were problematic issues. But if you wanted to really look at the base-line, you had to look at the pharmacy benefit managers, and you had to un-derstand what they were doing that was causing a great deal of problems. We also have to go back to the ba-sics. Community and independent phar-macists fill a critical niche in the healthcare system, serving the primary healthcare providers for over 62 million Americans. Community pharmacists are some of the most easily accessible health professionals, particularly in our rural areas. Mr. Speaker, this is an area that I really have talked about before. We talk about the healthcare chain being a complete chain, and it is not just the doctors and the hospitals; it is the pharmacist who is typically the face of healthcare for those after they have gone to their doctors or come out from the hospital to get the medicine that will continue to keep them healthy. You see, community pharmacists dis-pense roughly 40 percent of prescrip-tions nationwide, and a higher percent-age in rural areas, such as mine. These community pharmacists regularly interact with their patients outside the pharmacy. They go to church with them. They go to shop with them at the local grocery store. The phar-macies are the sponsors of kids’ Little League teams. They are the ones who have the closest personal relationships to the healthcare chain, and they are a trusted source of medical care and ad-vice. Pharmacists are also able to better treat patients’ illnesses with their reg-ular interactions, identifying potential risk factors early on. For example, independent community pharmacists play a key role in ensuring a patient properly uses their medication. In fact, 83 percent of community pharmacists perform the critical patient-care role of providing medication adherent serv-ices. Patients’ failure to properly take their medication costs the healthcare system almost $3 billion and contrib-utes to 125,000 deaths annually. Face-to-face counseling by a trusted pharmacist has proven to be the most effective method for ensuring patients take their medications, saving thou-sands of lives and billions of dollars an-nually. Mr. Speaker, independent and com-munity pharmacists provide multiple and valuable services, and we can talk about these services and the impor-tance of a community pharmacist. I would be remiss if I did not mention the recent and tragic passing of some-one known well in the pharmacists’ community for his contributions there. While I did not know John Carson personally, his death had reverbera-tions throughout the pharmacists’ community. Mr. Carson was from San Antonio, Texas, and owned and ran his business there, Oakdell Pharmacy, for almost 50 years. He and his wife were tragically killed in a car accident on July 7, but the legacy Mr. Carson left behind as a father, a pharmacist, and former president of both the Texas Pharmacy Association and the Na-tional Community Pharmacists Asso-ciation will live on. Tonight we mourn his passing but celebrate his achieve-ments. I could mention individual phar-macists and their work on behalf of their patients for the rest of the evening, and I could have probably every Member of this body do the same. Instead, I will provide some in-formation that shows the great impact on services the individuals have had. Sixty-five percent of community pharmacists offer home or work deliv-ery; 68 percent of community phar-macists offer immunizations; 83 per-cent provide medication therapy and management services; and 67 percent of community pharmacists provide mone-tary support to five or more commu-nity organizations. These are the guys you see sponsoring the Little League teams, the chili cook-offs, and that are true participants in our neighborhoods and towns. Unfortunately, the community phar-macists are in jeopardy across the country, in part, due to anticompeti-tive behavior and the lack of trans-parency surrounding practices of the pharmacy benefit managers. They have taken our community pharmacist, and they have abused their trust. Phar-macy benefit managers, especially in the system that we have today, are try-ing, I believe personally, to get rid of our community independent phar-macists because they have their own chain, their own distribution, and they own the supply chain. When they do, they want to take everything else out, and we have talked about that on many occasions here. So as we continue tonight, we are going to talk about these issues, as we go from pharmacists and what they have done well, some new issues that have come to light, some lawsuits, also some audits that have come out that show the real problem that we are see-ing with this community, and also that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.022 H17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5912 July 17, 2017 
they are having, but also just being run out of business. Imagine, Mr. Speaker, if you were just trying to get up every day and run your own business, and you had a giant conglomerate tell you and tell your customers that they can’t come see you anymore, not give you a reason. And if they are mistaken, they make you correct their mistake. I don’t know how it operates in the rest of the world, but that isn’t the way a business is supposed to operate. At this point in the evening, I have several of my friends from Georgia who are here to talk about these issues. First off is my friend from south Geor-gia; another one, who has been with me on many of these occasions, a Member who has seen this up close and per-sonal, to talk about the issues that we have tonight. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT), someone we have been working with on the Armed Services Committee on a lot of things that are going on. Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of our Nation’s community pharmacies which play a critical role in our healthcare system. Many of these independent businesses operate in underserved or rural areas— like many of the counties in Georgia’s Eighth Congressional District, which I represent—where access to carriers is already an issue and would be worse if community pharmacies did not exist. In areas where a doctor can be many miles away, local pharmacists deliver flu shots, give advice on over-the- counter drugs, and help with those late-night drugstore runs for a sick child. Many people in our rural com-munities see their pharmacists much more often than their doctors. There is a very personal relationship between the pharmacist, the patient, and the physician. As pillars in their community, they are also the businesses that contribute greatly to local economies. It is crucial that these pharmacies have an equi-table playing field against large-scale competitors and middleman pharmacy benefit managers when trying to run a successful business in a challenging and complex environment. I want to reiterate, Mr. Speaker, all they ask for is an equitable playing field. No advantages, just equality. Where I am from, local pharmacists are often a fixture in their communities. These pharmacists have known most of their customers all of their lives. They instill a level of trust that is unparal-leled. I frequently stop in at local commu-nity pharmacies when I am back home in the district and never fail to appre-ciate the unique value they add to their customers’ lives. Unfortunately, on some of these visits, I am also trou-bled to learn how community phar-macies are finding it extremely dif-ficult to serve the people who have de-pended on them for years and to com-pete with some of the larger entities in the healthcare marketplace. Take, for example, the increased prevalence of preferred networks in Medicare part D plans. Currently, many Medicaid beneficiaries are told by pharmacy benefit managers, or PBMs, which pharmacy to use based on exclusionary arrangements between those PBMs and, for the most part, big- box pharmacies. What most people don’t know is that, in fact, in several instances, these big-box pharmacies ac-tually own the PBMs that are creating these preferred networks. Patients must pay higher copays just because the pharmacy they want to use is excluded by the PBM, who again, as I said, in many cases, actually own the larger pharmacy that they force you to do business with. The majority of the time, the hometown pharmacy is never given the opportunity to participate in the network in the first place. Another issue I often hear about from community pharmacies is the burdensome DIR fees. Most Americans probably assume that it is a pretty simple transaction when they purchase medication from their local pharmacy. They go in, they pay a copay, and that is the end of it. But for the pharmacy, the trans-action is anything but clear and sim-ple. Pharmacy benefit managers use so- called DIR fees to claw back money from pharmacies on the individual claims long after the claim is thought to have been resolved. That means that a pharmacy often doesn’t know the final reimbursement amount they will receive for a claim for weeks, or even months. Anyone who runs a pharmacy, or any other small business for that matter, knows you can’t operate when you don’t know what your reimbursements are. When competition is stifled and these small businesses suffer, so do hardworking Americans when they have had their choice to use a commu-nity pharmacy instead of a big-box business taken away from them. Another issue I frequently hear about is the lack of transparency in generic drug reimbursements to pharmacies. Generic prescription drugs account for approximately 80 percent of drugs dis-pensed. The reimbursement system for these medications is largely unregu-lated and a complete mystery to all of us. Now, if it is unregulated with trans-parency, that is fine. But it is unregu-lated without any transparency. Pharmacists are often reimbursed for generics by what is referred to as the maximum allowable cost list created by the pharmacy benefit managers. But the methodologies used to create these lists are not disclosed, nor are the lists updated on a regular basis, which fre-quently results in pharmacists being reimbursed below the actual acquisi-tion cost for various medications. In recent years, these extra costs that affect prescription drug prices in community pharmacies have fallen on consumers. Take doxycycline, for ex-ample. Doxycycline is a drug that is used to treat a number of bacterial in-fections. As a generic antibiotic, it has been around for decades. I want to re-peat: it is a generic that has been around for decades. In 2012, 30 capsules of doxycycline cost approximately $15. In 2017, the same dosage cost $115. That is a price increase of 667 percent. I want to give you a real-world exam-ple of the impact this has on low-in-come patients in the world. I have a wonderful OB–GYN in my area, and he told me that prior to the price in-crease, he would simply keep doxycycline in his office, and when he had a patient that needed it, he could simply give the patient—if it was a low-income patient—the drugs instead of having them go to the pharmacy to pick them up. But with a 667 percent price increase, they could no longer af-ford to simply give the patients the medication that they need. Nitroglycerin tablets are another ex-ample. Nitroglycerin has been used to treat chest pain and stop a heart at-tack and has seen similar price hikes in the past few years. Again, it is a ge-neric drug that has been around for decades—no excuse in the price in-creases other than flat out greed. A drug that is even more common that has been affected by the lack of transparency in the drug market is in-sulin. As you may know, millions of Americans with diabetes rely on insu-lin. They have to have it, or they will simply die. According to the American Diabetes Association, the price of insu-lin in America has nearly tripled over the past 15 years, making the drug nearly unaffordable for many diabetic patients. The dramatic price hikes of insulin is ironic since, in the early 1920s, Fred-erick Banting, one of the scientists who helped to first develop insulin, sold the patent for the drug for $3 be-cause their goal was to make the drug affordable and easy to access for every-body in the world. Now, nearly 100 years later, one vial of Humalog can cost nearly $400 in the United States, where it costs a fraction of that in other countries around the world. In Canada and Mexico, the same dosage of Humalog costs less than half, or sometimes even a quarter of what it costs in the United States. I understand that there is a tremen-dous cost in developing lifesaving treatments, new drugs, and the next development that is going to save a cancer patient, but these are generic drugs that have been around for dec-ades. These dramatic price increases, the international price disparities, they are occurring, again, on drugs that have been around for decades be-cause of this pricing scam put in place by the pharmacy benefit managers. In the coming months, I look forward to continuing to work with my col-leagues to address the lack of trans-parency in the pharmaceutical indus-try, giving community pharmacies an equitable playing field to compete, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.047 H17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5913 July 17, 2017 
which gives hardworking Americans the choice of affordable prescription drugs and which pharmacy they choose to purchase those drugs from. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman, Mr. C
OLLINS , for hosting this Special Order today. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I thank my friend. We have been talking about this, and I think what is amazing is, the more we have these, and the more we talk about commu-nity pharmacists and the issues that we find, people are starting to under-stand the real problem that exists here. Mr. Speaker, more than 250,000 indi-viduals employed either on a full-time or part-time basis by community phar-macies, these people’s livelihoods are facing consequential threats due to the often anticompetitive behavior of phar-macy benefit managers, or PBMs. Many people may have never heard of a PBM. Well, let’s give them a defini-tion tonight. PBMs are middlemen who administer prescription drug plans. In fact, three primary middlemen control 78—almost 80 percent—of the market and control the pharmacy benefits of over 253 million Americans. b2030 PBMs process prescriptions for groups that pay for drugs and control drug formulation to determine what drugs are covered by specific plans. The three major PBMs—Express Scripts, CVS Caremark Health, and OptumRx—produce no tangible prod-uct. Let me repeat that. These three produce no tangible product. Yet they have a major impact on the way you and I access medication, on small busi-ness pharmacies, and even other small business PBMs. If you don’t believe me, just the other day, I was watching a business show, and there was a PBM—there was a transparent PBM who talked through this whole issue of fees, rebates, and everything else. They said: We show ev-erything. Well, I challenge the three big ones to do it. They don’t want to because— if you started looking at actually what they did, they are what I have said many times—they are monopolistic terrorists. That is all they are in this market. Mr. Speaker, as an example of the major market power that PBMs have, I would like to point you to Express Scripts’ annual average revenue. That one company has average revenue of $101 billion. Now, Mr. Speaker, I am a conservative, free-market business per-son. I love to see a business actually make money. But you don’t do it the way they are doing it. I am not decry-ing their profit. However, I am calling into question the business model of raking in massive profits on the backs of patients and small business phar-macists. You don’t do it that way. I brought this up on many occasions and only get excuses and obfuscations and everything from the PBMs going online and telling about how great they are but never addressing the real issue. The problem is relegated to the wayside far too long and is coming into sharp focus. In fact, Anthem, an in-surer, is currently suing to end its con-tract with Express Scripts. It claims Express Scripts failed to renegotiate lower drug prices and withheld billions in savings. This lawsuit and stories surrounding it have called into sharper focus PBM tactics that community pharmacists have been grappling with for years. In just a few moments, we are going to hear firsthand about how that has actually been going on. Through a variety of practices, PBMs make life difficult and undermine com-petition for our neighborhood phar-macists and the patients that they serve. For example, PBMs have max-imum allowable costs—MAC lists—that determine the maximum amount a pharmacist will be reimbursed for cer-tain generic drugs. However, PBMs’ re-imbursement price determinations are hidden, and there is no transparency in the process. PBMs commonly manipulate drug prices using what is called spread pric-ing. I would encourage, Mr. Speaker, those who listen to this and would want to be a part to look this up. Ev-erything we are talking about is actual fact. PBMs charge employers a higher price for a drug than necessary and re-imburse pharmacies at the MAC level, which is typically lower. Spread pric-ing allows PBMs to skim money from the difference between the high rate they charge for a prescription and the low rate they reimburse pharmacies. Spread pricing is artificially raising the acquisition cost of pharmacy drugs by overcharging at the expense of re-tail pharmacists, consumers, and health plans. You see, when we understand this, people say: Why is this a problem? Why are we talking about it? This lack of transparency is also a problem when PBMs administer tax-payer-funded programs like Medicare part D, TRICARE, or the Federal Em-ployees Health Benefits Program. Cur-rently, we can’t ensure that the sav-ings generated by cost-saving rebates received by the PBMs are being passed along to government programs. PBMs can receive rebates to acquire prescrip-tion drugs at lower-than-advertised costs, and PBMs can then charge the government the full cost for the drug even if a PBM has a significant dis-count. This deceptive practice in-creases the cost of prescription drugs for beneficiaries of Federal Govern-ment prescription drug programs. Let’s break that down, Mr. Speaker. When we talk about Federal drug pro-grams, these taxpayer-funded pro-grams, we are talking about my taxes, your taxes, and everybody else’s taxes. That is why this is important and needs to be addressed. This is what is the problem. This lack of transparency is unac-ceptable and jeopardizes the quality of care for millions of patients across the United States. Northeast Georgia has a vibrant pharmacy community, but its pharmacies are being threatened by the unfair practices of the PBM. The fact is—and I have made mention of this be-fore—several pharmacists tell me that if something doesn’t change, we are going to see more and more of those pharmacies disappear within the next few years. I introduced the Prescription Drug Price Transparency Act to help address this situation. My legislation preserves pharmacy access for patients by allow-ing pharmacists to know the sources PBMs are using to set reimbursement rates for community pharmacists. PBMs’ prices are often based on in-centives for manufacturers not dis-closed for long periods of time. Over-sights of PBMs ensure taxpayers are not footing the bill for generic pre-scriptions by providing transparency into how drug acquisition costs are de-termined. The Prescription Drug Price Transparency Act also prevents PBMs from forcing their customers to fill or purchase prescriptions from phar-macies owned and controlled by the same PBM. Let me go back over that real quick-ly. The PBMs, the pharmacy benefit managers, are allowed to force cus-tomers to fill or purchase prescriptions from pharmacies they own and control. There is no transparency here. They are simply controlling a system and running the market out. This means patients can keep the pharmacists they like rather than being improperly incentivized or coerced to use a PBM- owned pharmacy. Finally, it would require PBMs to up-date their MAC pricing list every 7 days, codifying current CMS rules for Medicare part D and expanding it to TRICARE and FEHP. This legislation is vitally important to improving fair-ness and transparency in drug pricing and reimbursements to independent and community pharmacists. I will tell you this: I’ve heard story after story, and we will continue these tonight. The community pharmacists may be muzzled by PBMs, those that are still. There may be fear of retalia-tions. But I won’t let those concerns go unnoticed. We are going to continue to take this fight to the floor so there will be a voice for transparency and fair-ness for community pharmacists, for patients, and for taxpayers. Because if they think they can pull a fast one on the Federal Government at the cost of taxpayers, then they have got another thing coming. They may go in and in-timidate and strong-arm our commu-nity and independent pharmacists. They may threaten them to keep quiet. They may tell them not to go to their elected officials or have a voice to say that we think that there is a better way, or just to be able to compete on a fairness level without anything else ex-cept just let us compete. The PBMs may try to strong-arm them and to si-lence them into submission, but they are not going to be able to silence me. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.049 H17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5914 July 17, 2017 
They can’t audit me, and they can’t do that to the American pharmacist who is simply trying to be a part of this system. There is nobody that can understand that better than my friend from south Georgia. He is a pharmacist by train-ing. He has left the pharmacies behind so that he can come up here and help us continue this fight for patient care and patient health all across this coun-try. He is a champion in every sense of the word of this industry because, as the old saying is, he is one. He comes tonight to talk further and provide in-sight into this Congress. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ). It is good to have him back in the fight tonight. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentleman for hosting this tonight and for his advocacy on the part of the community pharmacy, but, more importantly, on the part of the patients, because that is what this is about. This is about patients, about patient care, about escalating prescrip-tion costs. That is what we are talking about here, about unfair trade prac-tices. This is America. Like my colleague mentioned earlier, I am not opposed to anybody making money. That is great. More power to them. But where there is a problem with transparency, there is a problem with PBMs. There is a problem with escalating drug prices. I want to mention that I have been a practicing pharmacist, as Representa-tive C
OLLINS mentioned, for over 30 years. I have worked with my neigh-bors and my friends to really provide a helpful voice for their needs. Bene-ficiaries are facing increased costs in prescription drugs without much of a basis notification as to why these costs are skyrocketing. My friend, Representative C
OLLINS ; my friend, Representative S
COTT; oth-ers—even on the other side of the aisle—Representative P
ETER WELCH , Representative E
LIJAH CUMMINGS , and Representative D
AVELOEBSACK , this is a nonpartisan issue. Everybody has to have prescription medications. Wheth-er you are a Democrat, whether you are a Republican, whether you are an Independent, it doesn’t matter. Every-one is the victim of escalating pre-scription drug costs. The problem is we have got to understand where that is coming from. I thank Representative C
OLLINS for his legislation, the Prescription Drug Price Transparency Act, to bring about greater transparency in the role that pharmacy benefit managers, the PBMs, have in the drug pricing structure. Many people don’t understand the structure or where the additional fees are originating from, which is often a direct result of the lack of trans-parency between the manufacturer and the dispenser. Let me repeat that. Many people don’t understand the structure. I will be quite honest with you. I have been working with this for over 30 years, and I still don’t under-stand it. In fact, I have got numerous examples of where CEOs have said they don’t understand it. It is inten-tionally—intentionally—complicated so that no one understands it. I had the opportunity last year as a member of the Oversight and Govern-ment Reform Committee. We had the CEO of Mylan pharmaceuticals. Mylan, of course, is the manufacturer of EpiPen. It went up in price. The EpiPen costs $600 for a dual pack. I said: Okay. When it leaves you, the manufacturer, you are the beginning. You are the manufacturer. How much have you got in costs? She responded: I have got $100, maybe $150 in costs. I said: Okay. You are the beginning. I am the end. I am the dispensing phar-macist. When it gets to me, it is $600— $150 at the beginning, $600 at the end. What happened in between? What hap-pened in between? Now, a lot of times it is lost on some of my colleagues here and on the aver-age American because all they are con-cerned about what the copay is, if the copay is $15 or if the copay is zero. Okay. But keep in mind that somebody somewhere is still paying that $600. In a lot of cases, it is the Federal Govern-ment through Medicare part D or State Medicaid plans. Somebody somewhere is paying it. But when you have the CEO of a manufacturer, when I asked her a di-rect question, ‘‘What happens in be-tween that $150 and that $600?’’ and she says, ‘‘I don’t know,’’ and I am the pharmacist and I say, ‘‘I don’t know ei-ther,’’ somebody somewhere has to know. I can tell you it is the middle man. The most effective, the most imme-diate impact that we can have on pre-scription drug pricing is to pass this bill that Representative COLLINS has and to have transparency in drug pric-ing. Sunshine is the greatest disinfect-ant of all. If we have sunshine, we will have lower drug prices if we have transparency. I want to give a couple of other ex-amples. My colleague, Representative C
OLLINS , mentioned about three PBMs controlling 80 percent of the market. That is not competition when you have got three companies that control 80 percent of a market. Did you know that Express Scripts, the number one PBM in the country, had gross revenues almost equal to McDonald’s, Ford Motor Company, and Pfizer pharmaceuticals added together? Added together, this one PBM. Now, again, I am not opposed to any-one making money. More power to them. But how are they making it? No-body knows. Why don’t we have transparency? Everybody wants lower drug prices, and we have all got to do a better job. Pharmaceutical manufacturers have got to do a better job. Pharmacists have got to do a better job. GPOs have got to do a better job. But until we have transparency, we are never going to be able to get it under control. I want to give a couple other exam-ples. The manufacturer of the hepatitis C drug has had so much criticism about the price, and it is too expensive. Gilead pharmaceuticals makes SOVALDI. SOVALDI accused Express Scripts of not warning them to go down on the price of SOVALDI. Gilead said: You never wanted us to go down on that price because you are getting a percentage rebate. The higher the cost of that medication, the higher rebate you are getting. My colleague mentioned about the lawsuit that Anthem has against Ex-press Scripts. Anthem is not going to renew their contract with Express Scripts because they are suing them for billions—that is billions with a ‘‘B’’—of dollars, saying: You owe us bil-lions of dollars. These are real-life examples of what I am talking about. That is why we need to pass the Prescription Drug Price Transparency Act that Representative COLLINS is pushing so hard, and has been, and we thank him for that. I want to also talk about some other bills here continuing in the theme of transparency. We have an opportunity to address the issue of retroactive DIR fees and the impact they have on drug pricing. My colleague, Representative S
COTT, mentioned DIR fees and clawbacks. DIR fees are having a nega-tive impact on the ability to provide accurate and comprehensive services to the beneficiary. Those fees are a large unknown for pharmacists and don’t provide clarity on drug costs to the patient or whether they will be able to accurately meet the needs of their patients. Ultimately, the patient ends up being penalized, and that is an issue that must be ad-dressed. Ultimately, what this boils down to is the patient—the patient, Mr. Speaker, the patient. Let’s stay fo-cused on what we are supposed to be fo-cused on, and that is the patient. We talk about drug costs and we talk about healthcare. We want accessi-bility, we want affordability, and we want patient-centered healthcare. b2045 That is what we want in prescription drugs, accessibility and affordability. Yes, they need to come down in prices. And again, the most effective, the im-mediate impact that we can have is to have transparency, transparency in the middleman in what they are doing. That is the reason why Congressman M
ORGAN GRIFFITH ’s legislation is help-ful in bringing about stability. Phar-macies would no longer be penalized for providing the same quality service they always have simply because PBMs have shifted cost under a lack of trans-parency. With this legislation, we can keep costs down for beneficiaries. Now, I want to talk about another piece of legislation that another good friend, Representative B
RETT GUTHRIE  from Kentucky has introduced, H.R. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.051 H17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5915 July 17, 2017 
592, the Pharmacy and Medically Un-derserved Areas Enhancement Act, to address the role of pharmacists in rural communities. With this bill, many of the individuals who seek consultation, especially seniors, can contribute to re-ceive quality input and expertise. There are many underserved and rural areas of the country where pa-tients don’t have access to a primary care provider but have access to a pharmacist. Pharmacists are the most accessible healthcare professionals that we have. That is why provider sta-tus is so important. That is what we call this, the Pharmacy and Medically Underserved Areas Enhancement Act. Under this legislation, pharmacists can continue to service those rural and underserved areas and fill a role that is vital to the healthcare of these resi-dents in these areas. I also want to compliment and com-mend Representative G
RIFFITH again on his efforts to keep patients’ access to compounded medications intact. In June, he introduced a Preserving Pa-tient Access to Compounded Medica-tions Act of 2017. This bill will provide further guidance for the FDA, medical providers, patients, and compounding pharmacies about what constitutes pharmacy compounding and what is re-garded as drug manufacturing. This legislation will provide a crucial bal-ance between public safety and pa-tients’ access to the medications they need. Lastly, the leadership of the Energy and Commerce Committee has been critical in advancing legislation both in the 114th and 115th Congress that will lead to research and development of new drugs and treatments. I com-mend my colleagues on their hard work and thank my good friends for the op-portunity to speak tonight on this issue that is very important to me. Mr. Speaker, the President has iden-tified escalating prescription drug cost as being one of his biggest priorities. He has said himself: If you are on the other side of research and development, you need to beware because we are coming after you. PBMs, you are on the other side of research and develop-ment, and we are coming after you. This is too important. It is too im-portant to the patients who are trying to get these medications, who need these medications. All we are asking for here is transparency. All we are asking for is to shine the light on what is going on. I know they make it difficult to un-derstand. It is a shell game. It is noth-ing more than a shell game. Again, I want to commend my colleague, my friend, Representative C
OLLINS , for his untiring advocacy on the part of com-munity pharmacists and on the part of citizens who need and depend on their community pharmacists. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I want to thank my friend. He has brought out so many things. And you know, Representative C
ARTER , one of the things that is off the top, when we talk about Mack Transparency, when we talk about this list we talk about, one of things they come back at us, and they say: Well, it is going to in-crease cost. You know, if you do this, it increases cost. And it is sort of interesting because in Texas, this actually happened in 2013, they did their top 200 drugs, and they were somewhere in the neighbor-hood of a little over $200. And then in just a matter of 3 years, those average prices of those 200 drugs dropped to below $100. We are both from Georgia when we were talking about it. That is going down. It is not going up. It is because they are actually having to show what they are doing. That is why this—don’t you agree that that is why we are hav-ing to do what we are doing here? Mr. CARTER of Georgia. There is no question about it. Let me, if I may. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Continue. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, if I might just give two examples. First of all, there is an example of Cat-erpillar. Caterpillar has done away with PBMs. They have done away with the third parties. They are doing it themselves. And you know what it has resulted in? Stable drug prices for the past few years. As opposed to the increases that most companies have seen, Caterpillar, when they cut out the middleman, they have had stable drug prices. They said: We can do this better. And they have done it better. Keep in mind—the second thing that I want to point out is, keep in mind, why were PBMs created? First of all, they were created to process claims, in-surance claims. But what is their pur-pose? They will tell you our purpose is to keep drug prices down. Our purpose is to keep drug prices down. Mr. Speaker, how is that working out for you? They are not keeping drug prices down. They are keeping drug prices up. They are one of the reasons why drug prices are going up, one of the primary reasons. I can remember when I started prac-ticing pharmacy in 1980. And I am proud to say that I am that old. I start-ed practicing pharmacy in 1980. We used to buy directly from the drug companies. I would buy directly from Upjohn, from Merck Sharp & Dohme, from Squibb, from whoever. There was no middleman there. Now I can’t even do that. I have to go through the PBM. I have to go through all these different layers and layers in order to get the medication. PBMs, if their purpose is to control drug prices, then what is going on? Be-cause drug prices are escalating. What a tangled web we weave. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, it is that, and I think the inter-esting thing is the middleman who pro-duces nothing on their own. That is the thing. They don’t produce anything in this. They are simply—you know, I think I will just sort of describe it like I see it in northeast Georgia. It is like a tick on the back of a dog. They just simply suck profit off and do not do what you exactly just said. They don’t do what they just said. I mean, Caterpillar. You brought up Caterpillar. I will bring you some num-bers with Caterpillar. Caterpillar start-ed moving away from PBMs. They sus-pected that they could save as much as, in a quarter, $150 million in drug prices being spent inefficiently. They went back and did their own formularies. They worked this out so that they are on this straight, and just—the company saved 5- to $10 mil-lion per year in just cholesterol-low-ering statins alone, one of the most widely prescribed medications, just in that right there. When you see how PBMs claim to save money, you look at the Cater-pillar model. There are other models out there that are finally looking at this and saying: We can do this in a better way. And I appreciate your input tonight. I think that has been—you are just highlighting this that there are ways to do this. This is not the only way. And to go into State legislators, and to go into county offices, and to go into county governments, and the Federal Government, and to pull the wool say-ing ‘‘we are saving money,’’ while all along we are seeing this tangled web of DIR fees and clawback and no trans-parency. You know, it isn’t amazing to me that they are spending so much money on advertising right now. It is not amazing to me that they are trying to spend so much money claiming what we are saying is not true. But they never address the point. They never say this is not true. They simply say we are saving all this. I encourage the Energy and Com-merce Committee to take these bills up, hold hearings on these things. They are not going to deny it, and they are going to find out that unfortunately what is supposed to be a help has been really falling backwards, and actually, you know—and really, even from the Federal Government, those community and independent pharmacists are not wanting. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, if I could just mention one thing, and I would be remiss if I did not men-tion this, because the gentleman has just brought up an outstanding point, and that is: What value are they bring-ing to the system? What value are PBMs, are middlemen, bringing to the system? That is what I would ask. Now, look, pharmaceutical manufac-turers need to do a better job. They need to bring their prices down. But I will cut them some slack. At least they are using their profits to go back into research and development. At least they are doing that. PBMs don’t put one red cent into research and develop-ment, not one red cent. I repeat what I said earlier. I am not against anybody making money, but, Mr. Speaker, this is causing escalating 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.053 H17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5916 July 17, 2017 
drug prices. The lack of transparency is causing the problems that we are ex-periencing right now. The most immediate, the most effec-tive impact that we can have on pre-scription drug prices is transparency. Sunshine is the greatest disinfectant out there, and we need sunshine. Thank you for what you are doing for the patients. Thank you for what you are doing for the people who are strug-gling to pay for their prescriptions. That is what this is about. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, it has always been about that. I have come to this well and come to this floor on many occasions to talk about it. And when you look at the im-pacts they are having on DIR fees and these clawback fees that are coming back after the fact and not at the time of when there is no really need or cause for it, according to the Community On-cology Alliance, pharmacists lose $58,000 per practice, on average, to DIR fees each year. You know, this makes it completely—I mean, think about that. Mr. Speaker, if you had a business in which you had $58,000 just sucked away for no apparent reason, I mean, this is—we wonder why this is happening, and we wonder why people can’t get their drugs. We wonder why people wonder why can’t I get this drug? Why do I have to wait to get approval here? It is this area right here—DIR fees. And I do applaud my friend, Mr. G
RIFFITH from Virginia, who has intro-duced this bill, and I am a proud co-sponsor with him on this. You know, it is amazing today to see when patients—when this happens in Medicare part D, the beneficiaries are going through this process, and really what happens, it increases the problem called the doughnut hole, and they are hitting that doughnut hole sooner, forcing them to pay out of pocket for their drugs. And when patients pass through the doughnut hole into cata-strophic coverage, CMS takes on most of the cost of burden-sharing. Now, here is where it gets important, Mr. Speaker. When CMS picks it up, the cost increased from 10 billion in 2010 to 33 billion in 2015. You cannot tell me DIR fees are not part of that problem right there. You cannot tell me that what they are doing is now taking—they are simply reaching into your pocket, Mr. Speaker. Maybe you can feel it right now. You can feel that hand going into your wallet. You can feel that tax money being taken out and being taken away, sucked away by PBM through these fees and DIR fees, and they are getting into it through Medicare part D. And 10 billion to 33 billion increase is simply from 2010 to 2015. Pharmacists are at distinct disadvan-tage when DIR is taken and collected from pharmacies after point of sale. There is a lack of transparency in the detail provided to pharmacists, and the retroactive nature of these fees creates operational and cash flow challenges for pharmacists. Think about having something that you think you have one price on, and they come back and say: No, you messed it up. We talked about so many different things. We talked about how PBMs can come in and audit basically their com-petitors. We talked about how they can send out letters to a pharmacy’s cli-ents and say: This pharmacy is no longer taking this prescription plan. And then when the pharmacist points it out, they say: Yeah, you are right; you still have the plan. And the pharmacists have the audac-ity to ask: Would you please send a let-ter to these people who you just sent a letter to and tell them you were mis-taken? And the PBM said: No, we can’t do that; you will have to do that on your own. Is this America, Mr. Speaker? Where do we operate like that? And we won-der why our healthcare system and these community pharmacists are bearing the brunt of it. At the end of the day, it is about peo-ple. It is about moms and dads. It is about kids. It is about those folks who simply want a healthcare system that works. And one of the most visible parts of the healthcare system is the community pharmacist, the one who dispenses the drug and asks them: How are you doing? How are the kids? Are you taking your medicine? And they will ask those questions that maybe some of us just don’t want to ask our doctor. You know, you might just ask that pharmacist that question and say: Really, what does this do to me? That is what we need. And as long as they are being frontally assaulted, retroactively assaulted with DIR fees, and generally pummelled out of busi-ness, the PBM will continue to just drown our community and independent pharmacists. And as long as that happens, there will be myself and others in the well speaking the truth and pushing our committees to do something about this, because at the end of the day, businesses ought to operate properly. But when you are affecting the tax-payer dollars, when you are going after taxpayers, and you are doing so in a way that takes pharmacists out of the loop, you have threatened them, you have done everything else you can to them, well, the day is over, this Con-gress will continue to fight. And there are many Members who are learning what is going on, and it is now time I challenge this body and the commit-tees of relevant jurisdiction to take this issue up because we are not going to stop. And we will be back soon, Mr. Speak-er, with some more details on this issue and how much it can be effective. And with that, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, thank you for this opportunity to speak, and thank you, Congressman C
OLLINS , for your leadership and persistence on this critical issue. Community pharmacies are so important to our Districts. There is nothing like walking into your local pharmacy, and the pharmacist knows you by name. He knows your medical history. He knows what you need. He knows you. As one community pharmacist described, ‘‘People call me all hours of the day and night. They know where I live, and they come to my house if they need me.’’ These local pharmacies are in danger of disappearing across the Nation. Why? Be-cause PBMs are running them out of busi-ness. Pharmacy Benefits Managers, or PBMs, claim to act as middlemen and help phar-macies and manufacturers find the best deals for their patients. It’s a great idea. Despite these PBMs’ promises, I have heard from more and more pharmacy owners in my District who say that many PBMs are in reality ripping them off with various unethical tricks of their trade. PBMs are often dictating the prices charged by manufacturers and pharmacists or insur-ance plans. PBMs are a key problem behind drug price inflation. One critical aspect of their strategy is gag orders that they impose on pharmacists and manufacturers in contracts, thereby silencing dissenters under threat of being excluded from networks or formularies . . . in other words, under threat of being blocked from buying and selling in the drug market altogether. Often, PBMs use what they call clawbacks. The outright cost of a drug might only be $40, but the patient might have to pay double or more than that price through their insurance. Too many times, pharmacists have to de-cide between two choices: either violate their consciences by watching often low-income pa-tients pay exorbitant prices—or tell the pa-tients to buy the drug outright, saving them money. But the second choice comes with a threat . . . because if a pharmacist informs her pa-tients about how to save money, she is vio-lating her contractual gag order imposed by PBMs. A pharmacy consultant recently interviewed by the LA Times accurately described PBMs like this—‘‘The PBMs are sitting at the center of a big black box. They’re the only ones who have knowledge of all the moving pieces.’’ But awareness of PBMs’ deceitful practices is increasing. More and more pharmacists and manufacturers are speaking up and exposing PBMs. One endocrinologist and professor of medi-cine at the University of Washington recently said, ‘‘It’s becoming very, very common to see patients intentionally withholding their insulin.’’ Doing so can be deadly, but patients are often facing $300 per vial and need two vials a week. There are three PBMs that control the mar-ket: ExpressScripts, OptumRx, and CVS Caremark. These three PBMs rake in over $200 billion a year and are responsible for 290 million Americans through their contracts with both private insurers and government pro-grams like Medicare. CMS, the Centers for Medicare and Med-icaid Services, is ‘‘wising up’’ to PBMs. In June, CMS proposed a new guideline for Medicare Part D PBMs. If finalized, this guid-ance will address PBMs’ common practice of imposing retroactive fees. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.054 H17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5917 July 17, 2017 
One of the pharmacists in my District told me these retroactive fees, known as DIR fees, can cost him tens of thousands of dollars months after the claims have been processed with no clarification, no explanation, no rea-soning from the PBM. No business or even individual can plan a budget, if months later they may be forced to pay thousands of dollars more for something they thought they had already paid for. According to one expert and pharmacy owner in my District, he has seen three causes for recent increases in prescription drugs: (1) FDA involvement, including requiring ‘‘modern clinical trials’’ of old drugs that have worked for decades; (2) drug manufacturers’ needlessly hiking the price of generic drugs; (3) PBMs charging ridiculous prices for drugs and pocketing the profits. According to my constituent, PBMs are the main culprit of the three. A number of lawsuits are being filed against PBMs, including one class action lawsuit. More and more people are realizing what one lawyer said recently: ‘‘We describe this as ba-sically a massive fraud.’’ We need to address artificially high drug prices right away. A good place to start is PBMs and their ‘‘massive fraud.’’ As one small town pharmacist said, ‘‘. . . The pharmacy benefit managers . . . set rates I cannot control. I can complain, but it does no good whatsoever. And in a town of 3,000, I cannot make it up on volume.’’ PBMs must be more transparent in their op-erations, so they can be held to their promises and to the laws. PBMs must not be able to get away any longer with conducting business with their un-ethical, at best, methods. In short, PBMs must be held accountable for their roles in the Nation’s drug price crisis. 
f 
b2100 KEEPING AMERICA’S SKIES SAFE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ACON ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. A
BRAHAM ) for 30 min-utes. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I am here to talk for a few minutes about the FAA reauthorization act, better known as the AIRR Act. Now, this particular bill has two components: modernization and privat-ization. President Trump, being a great businessman, the very astute business-man that he is, has told us that we need to modernize our airspace, our air traffic control facilities, everything that allows us to continue to have the safest and busiest airspace, literally, in the world, and I agree wholeheartedly with our great President that we do need to modernize. The issue that I have is with the privatization part. As mentioned, our airspace is the busiest it has ever been. On a daily basis, somewhere between 87,000 and 88,000 flights take place in the airspace of the United States of America. We have been asked to compare our air traffic control system with that of our great neighbor to the north, Can-ada, but the issue with that, Mr. Speaker, is that Canada only has a small, small fraction of the air traffic that we have here in the great United States. The U.S. airspace is unique because it is a public resource that is accessible to all users, and it is protected by the fact that the air traffic organization, under the FAA, is directly accountable to Congress, but more importantly, to the American people. Handing over that control of air traf-fic services to a private corporation, as this AIRR Act wants to do, will put the interests that right now are under the tutelage of air traffic control to a board of directors that may not have the interests of the American taxpayer and the consumer as its foremost pri-ority. Under the plan that is in the AIRR Act, this corporation will not be an-swerable to Congress. The only thing they will have to do is to provide re-ports on its operations every now and then. Under this plan, Congress has ceded its oversight over a major com-ponent of interstate commerce and, might I add—very important—national defense. There is also very little oversight from our executive branch, the Presi-dent. Decisions by the corporation to change safety standards or to reduce air traffic services will be subject to minimal scrutiny from the Department of Transportation. Also, as stated, the President will have limited authority to take command of the airspace unless there is a declaration of war. On the cost and the funding uncer-tainties, I have an issue with this AIRR Act. The CBO predicts that this plan will cost the Federal Government— which, by the way, is us, taxpayers—$21 billion over the 10-year budget window, but this doesn’t take into account any other factors that will probably exceed that cost by many, many billions, and that is with a B. The administration’s fiscal 2018 budget paints a fuller pic-ture of the costs, and it estimates a $46 billion cost over the same 10-year pe-riod. Mr. Speaker, we have got enough budget problems without adding more gasoline to the fire. The problem is that this revenue is critical for filling the Airport and Air-way Trust Fund, which pays for pop-ular programs like the Airport Im-provement Program that communities all across the country rely on for their airport improvements, to pay for infra-structure upgrades, runway overlays, lighting, taxiways, those types of things that are essential for an airport to work. The FAA bill before us authorizes more funding for the Airport Improve-ment Fund program, which is great, but it is still uncertain where these funds will come from. What makes up for the shortfall? I don’t see it in this bill. Mr. Speaker, I represent a great swath of the great State of Louisiana, good, good people, a lot of them in a rural community that are far away from any major metropolitan areas. My concern with this AIRR Act is that a private corporation concerned with raising money from user fees will be heavily incentivized to go to where the users are: the East Coast and the West Coast. My question and my very much con-cern is: What happens to all of us in be-tween that East Coast and West Coast? I worry that we will be left out of the mix and be left out of the equation be-cause we will not be as able to con-tribute to user fees because of the pop-ulation. Decisions to change air traffic serv-ices can too easily be justified by this corporation, this private corporation that is talked about in this AIRR Act, and will face minimal scrutiny from the Department of Transportation. A reduction in air traffic control services means a reduction in enplanements and a reduction in rev-enue at small, regional airports, just as I alluded to, and this makes it even harder to access the funding from the Airport Improvement Program. All of these factors taken together will exacerbate the problem with ac-cess to air travel for 95-plus percent of the people in America, and this is hard for rural areas. They have a hard enough time making ends meet. They don’t need the extra costs and the extra burden of traveling to a large city, maybe spending the night at a hotel to catch an early flight, the cost of transportation just so they can catch a flight to some other part of the United States. The taxpayer seems to be on the hook here, too, under this AIRR Act. Under the plan, the Federal Govern-ment would simply hand over all the air traffic control assets to the private corporation free of charge, and this will negate decades and hundreds of billions—again, that is with a B—of dollars in taxpayer investments that the corporation will be able to dispose of and sell as it sees fit. The plan will also create a potential multibillion-dollar unfunded liability for the Department of Defense to up-grade its systems to be interoperable with the new ATC corporation. What if the private corporation has one set of systems, our Department of Defense doesn’t have that, but they have got to be talking to each other? This is a na-tional security issue. And again, who pays for that? Well, again, the taxpayers would certainly be on the hook to bring the Department of Defense up to speed. Again, this is something that we need to look very, very closely at in this bill. The board of the corporation is not restricted in how much debt it can take on, and this sets up a very dan-gerous potential for a taxpayer bailout that, although this bill says it won’t happen, I again question because these are the same types of promises that we got with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.024 H17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5918 July 17, 2017 
and we know what happened then and how much the taxpayer had to dole out to bail them out. I have alluded to the safety and na-tional security issue, and I want to hit that a little bit harder. Under the plan, the oversight from the air traffic safety organization—it is called ATSOS, Air Traffic Safety Over-sight Service—sunsets after 2 years. My question with this AIRR Act is: What happens after the 2-year window? Who watches the gate? And I do worry about that. What happens if there are major safe-ty breaches? And certainly we don’t want any accidents, but what happens if there is a major accident after 2 years? When it comes to the operation of our skies—safety, safety, safety. It trumps everything because we have lives at risk every day. I go back to my opening remarks. We have the safest system, airspace in the world, and I am concerned that this safety could be jeopardized if our air-space is controlled by a private entity that is primarily motivated by raising revenue. Control of our airspace is a critical function of national security. As Fed-eral agencies, the FAA and the Depart-ment of Defense currently share air-space, training systems, assets, equip-ment, and information. Divorcing ATC, air traffic control, functions from the Federal Government and inserting an unaccountable third-party private con-tractor into the coordination of our airspace will make us more vulnerable to attack. The private ATC corporation that the AIRR Act is touting will have ac-cess to highly sensitive information re-garding strategic operations in our air-space without the same standards of protection that are required of Federal agencies, so I worry about leaks, those types of issues. There is also a labor issue that, real-ly, nobody is looking at, I am afraid, in this AIRR Act. I know many air traffic controllers personally. I fly in the United States airspace personally a lot. These are good, dedicated people, and I admire the work that they do every day to safely operate our skies; how-ever, the major labor unions success-fully negotiated to get every carve-out they wanted under this plan. Mr. Speaker, I am a small govern-ment guy. I am the guy that stands up on the curb and says we need less gov-ernment. There are limited areas where I personally believe government, our Federal Government, should be in-volved, but those are national defense, national security, major infrastructure projects like interstates, maintenance of large river systems, and aerospace and airspace. Everything else, let’s let the States and the local governments handle it. I think they can do a better job. But in this case, in our national air-space where we have both civilian and military operating, again, tens of thou-sands of times a day, then we need to take a step back and look at our safety record. It has been impeccable for the last several years, and these air traffic controllers are doing a phenomenal job. My concern, again, is that this pri-vate corporation that is in this AIRR Act that we will be asked to vote on will be required to hire all Federal air traffic organization employees, but they will continue to contribute to their Federal benefits and healthcare and continue to collectively bargain with their union representatives. So, for me, trying to argue that this model of ‘‘privatization’’—and I will use that in quotation marks—will in-crease efficiency and keep operational costs down, these labor provisions that we are giving them in this bill are not a very good ringing endorsement. So if we are going to talk privatization, let’s not have a hybrid here. We need to keep it the way it is. The airspace in America, no one can compare the size, the traffic, the com-plexity. It is just a phenomenal work of art that happens every day and, again, in a very safe manner. Try to compare us in America with any other system, whether it be the United Kingdom, whether it be Canada. It is like com-paring apples to oranges. Again, our volume is so massive compared to any other country that you really can’t compare them at all. I want to give you an example. I wrote this down so I would get it right. It says, in 2016, the FAA handled over 16 million flights in the U.S.—16 mil-lion, think about that—while NAV CANADA, which is the private corpora-tion that handles Canada’s airspace, only handled 5 million, 5.5 million, in the same year. b2115 It is impossible to say whether a sys-tem similar to Canada’s could be adopted in the United States. Mr. Speaker, I have flown in Canadian air-space. I have lost radar contact; I have lost communications; and that is, again, not any shun on Canada. They are a vast, large country with large swaths that are uncovered with radar, I am sure. But again, when I am up there talking to them, the times I have been up there, there may be only one other aircraft in the system or in that area with me. Back in the United States, I have been in many situations in large areas like Dallas, Houston, or Chicago where it is so busy that you have to wait to get a word in edgewise. But when you do, you get very succinct instruction. You get vectored properly the right way, and you get separation of the small guys like myself from the large guys like the big airline carriers. Again, this routine happens thousands and thousands of times a day, and it happens without incident or accident. So again, we have got a system that is working. Again, I am all for mod-ernization. We need new equipment. We need better equipment for our airports and for our air traffic controllers. Again, if it makes the system work more efficiently, I am all for that. But again, why take the air traffic control-lers that have done such a great job for so many years out of the loop. Modernization should be a goal of any system, and it doesn’t just mean our airspace. Anything we can do in government to make it better and more efficient, I am all for it. Again, I am your less government guy. But in this instance, privatization of air traf-fic controllers is not the answer, espe-cially when it means handing over the control of our airspace, the taxpayers’ airspace, to a private board unaccount-able to the Federal Government. And I don’t know, Mr. Speaker, but history tells me that they may come running back to Congress for a bailout when times get tough. I hope that doesn’t happen if this bill should pass. Again, I am opposed to the bill. But we know it has happened so many times in the past when we have allowed situa-tions like this to develop. Can the Federal Government do a better job in implementing NextGen technology? NextGen technology is the next generation. Again, we live in a phenomenal world of technology. I am living proof of a pilot that used to fly with what we called steam gauges, where we had to look at things much differently. Now I fly in a cockpit that is completely digital. I am in awe of what I am flying in my little airplane as compared to what I was flying in just a few years ago. But we want that technology to be handled in the proper way. The FAA management issue can be fixed by this Congress. Again, I go back. We have invested billions of dollars in this next genera-tion technology. I simply don’t want to take that pile of money and that tech-nology and hand it to this private cor-poration and say: ‘‘Here, guys, it is yours now.’’ This is not what we are paid to do up here in Congress. We are paid to watch the taxpayers’ money. Hopefully, part of our job is to watch where this money goes and to make sure it is spent wise-ly. The uncertainty and the lost time of transferring this air traffic control to a private board will only cause delays. Again, I go back to what we have done in the past with other entities where we have tried to move from a Federal or a government agency to a private agency or vice versa. The transition time is usually lengthy. It is usually inefficient, and mistakes are made. Here, Mr. Speaker, we are not talk-ing just about civilian travel. We are talking about our Department of De-fense, so it becomes a safety issue and a national security issue. Modernization and privatization are not synonymous. They are actually two diverse courses that really have no business in the same bill. We should continue to take steps to provide ade-quate funding for the FAA and remove 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.057 H17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5919 July 17, 2017 
barriers for modernization while main-taining U.S. airspace as the safest and most accessible in the world. Again, Mr. Speaker, I want to com-mend everyone who has worked on this bill. There have been, I am sure, count-less hours. There are some good things in this bill that we need to do. I have addressed the modernization issue. But again, it is the privatization of our air traffic control that gives me pause and that gives me great concern on some of the issues that I have mentioned here in this short period of time. So I want to take a step back from this AIRR Act. I want to work with my colleagues, see what we can do to get it right and keep our skies safe. Once again I will say: I am the guy that wants less government. This is one of the few areas where government has done a good job, will continue to do a good job, and of those 87,000 flights a day, keep them safe. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. M
ARINO (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of travel delays. Mrs. N
APOLITANO (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today and the balance of the week on account of attending to husband’s health situation. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 9 o’clock and 21 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, July 18, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morn-ing-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1997. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-retary, Acquisition, Technology, and Logis-tics, Department of Defense, transmitting a review of the Advanced Arresting Gear (AAG) program, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2433a(b); Public Law 111-23, Sec. 206(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 111-383, Sec. 1075(b)(35)); (124 Stat. 4371); to the Committee on Armed Services. 1998. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-123, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 1999. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-129, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 2000. A letter from the Auditor, Office of the District of Columbia Auditor, transmit-ting a report entitled, ‘‘Metropolitan Police Monitor Nearly 2,500 Demonstrations in 2014- 2016 and Report No First Amendment In-quires’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 2001. A letter from the Acting Adminis-trator, U.S. Agency for International Devel-opment, transmitting the Agency’s Semi-annual Report for the period ending March 31, 2017, pursuant to Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 2002. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Surface Mining Reclamation and En-forcement, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Pennsylvania Regulatory Program [SATS No.:PA-164-FOR; Docket No.: OSM-2016-0013; S1D1S SS08011000 SX064A000 178S180110; S2D2S SS08011000 SX064A000 17XS501520] re-ceived July 12, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 2003. A letter from the Chief, Branch of Re-covery and State Grants, U.S. Fish and Wild-life Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Removing the Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem Population of Grizzly Bears From the Federal List of Endangered and Threat-ened Wildlife [Docket No.: FWS-R6-ES-2016- 0042; FXES11130900000C6-178-FF09E42000] (RIN: 1018-BA41) received July 13, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 2004. A letter from the Director, National Legislative Division, American Legion, transmitting statements describing the fi-nancial condition of The American Legion as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 along with sup-plemental data; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 2005. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting additional legislative proposals that the Department of Defense requests be enacted during the first session of the 115th Congress; jointly to the Committees on Armed Services and Foreign Affairs. 2006. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Office of Strategic Operations and Regulatory Affairs, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Medicare and Med-icaid Programs; Reform of Requirements for Long-Term Care Facilities [CMS-3260-F2] (RIN: 0938-AR61) received July 11, 2017, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on Ways and Means and Energy and Commerce. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 2910. A bill to provide for Federal and State agency coordination in the approval of certain authorizations under the Natural Gas Act, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–223). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 3050. A bill to amend the En-ergy Policy and Conservation Act to provide Federal financial assistance to States to im-plement, review, and revise State energy se-curity plans, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–224). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 2883. A bill to establish a more uniform, transparent, and modern process to authorize the construction, con-nection, operation, and maintenance of international border-crossing facilities for the import and export of oil and natural gas and the transmission of electricity; with an amendment (Rept. 115–225, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 1351. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to direct the Adminis-trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration (TSA) to make certain im-provements in managing TSA’s employee misconduct, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–226). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-ciary. House Joint Resolution 76. A resolu-tion granting the consent and approval of Congress for the Commonwealth of Virginia, the State of Maryland, and the District of Columbia to enter into a compact relating to the establishment of the Washington Metro-rail Safety Commission; with an amendment (Rept. 115–227). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-ciary. House Joint Resolution 92. A resolu-tion granting the consent and approval of Congress for the Commonwealth of Virginia, the State of Maryland, and the District of Columbia to amend the Washington Area Transit Regulation Compact (Rept. 115–228). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. BURGESS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 451. A resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 806) to facili-tate efficient State implementation of ground-level ozone standards, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–229). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. SIMPSON: Committee on Appropria-tions. H.R. 3266. A bill making appropria-tions for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–230). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CULBERSON: Committee on Appro-priations. H.R. 3267. A bill making appropria-tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–231). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ADERHOLT: Committee on Appropria-tions. H.R. 3268. A bill making appropria-tions for Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies programs for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–232). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committees on Transportation and In-frastructure and Natural Resources discharged from further consideration. H.R. 2883 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17JY7.058 H17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5920 July 17, 2017 
By Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire (for herself and Mr. B
ERGMAN ): H.R. 3262. A bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot pro-gram to provide educational assistance to certain former members of the Armed Forces for education and training as physician as-sistants of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, to establish pay grades and require competitive pay for physician assistants of the Department, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. BURGESS (for himself, Mrs. D
INGELL , Mr. R OSKAM , and Mr. T
HOMPSON of California): H.R. 3263. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to extend the Medicare independence at home medical practice dem-onstration program; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mrs. BLACK (for herself, Mr. K
IND, Mr. V
ALADAO , and Mr. C OSTA ): H.R. 3264. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend and modify cer-tain tax incentives for biodiesel, renewable diesel, and alternative fuels; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. RUTHERFORD (for himself and Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire): H.R. 3265. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to permit certain E-2 nonimmigrant investors to adjust status to lawful permanent resident status; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BROWN of Maryland (for him-self, Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. E
VANS , Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. L EE, Mr. L
YNCH , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P ETER -
SON, Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. V EASEY , Mrs. W AT-
SONCOLEMAN , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. P
OCAN , and Mr. G ARAMENDI ): H.R. 3269. A bill to repeal the revised annu-ity employee and further revised annuity employee categories within the Federal Em-ployees Retirement System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. COOK (for himself and Mr. O’H
ALLERAN ): H.R. 3270. A bill to establish a procedure for resolving claims to certain rights-of-way, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Ms. D
EGETTE (for herself, Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana, and Mr. R EED): H.R. 3271. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act in order to strengthen rules in case of competition for diabetic test-ing strips, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. FRANKEL of Florida (for her-self, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , and Mr. R
UTHERFORD ): H.R. 3272. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a grant pro-gram to provide Veteran Student Centers at institutions of higher education to assist veterans in the pursuit of higher education, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. GRIJALVA (for himself, Mr. SCHIFF , Mr. H ECK, Ms. C LARK of Mas-sachusetts, Mr. S
EANPATRICK MALO-
NEYof New York, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. M OULTON , Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. S
INEMA , Ms. D EGETTE , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. A GUILAR , Ms. M CCOL-
LUM, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Ms. S
PEIER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P
ALLONE , Ms. M OORE , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. L EVIN, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. C ROWLEY , Ms. L EE, Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. K EATING , Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. T
EDLIEU of California, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Ms. D ELAURO , Miss R
ICEof New York, Ms. S LAUGH -
TER, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. E
VANS , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. E
NGEL , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. M ENG, Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. B EYER , Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, Ms. J
AYAPAL , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. C RIST, Mr. R UIZ, Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. D
EFAZIO, and Ms. E
STYof Connecticut): H.R. 3273. A bill to improve Federal popu-lation surveys by requiring the collection of voluntary, self-disclosed information on sex-ual orientation and gender identity in cer-tain surveys, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. M
CCARTHY (for himself and Mr. K
ENNEDY ): H.R. 3274. A bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in commemora-tion of President John F. Kennedy; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. M
CNERNEY: H.R. 3275. A bill to provide drought relief through innovation, increased water supply, and regional adaptation and self-sufficiency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Natural Resources, Transportation and Infrastructure, Agri-culture, Science, Space, and Technology, Ways and Means, and Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. D
ESAULNIER (for himself and Ms. L
EE): H. Res. 452. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regard-ing the necessity to publically exonerate the African-American sailors of the United States Navy who were tried and convicted of mutiny in connection with their service at the Port Chicago Naval Magazine in Con-cord, California, during World War II in order to further aid in healing the racial di-vide that continues to exist in the United States; to the Committee on Armed Services. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. By Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire: H.R. 3262. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8 of the Constitu-tion, Congress has the power ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or any Department or Officer there-of.’’ By Mr. BURGESS: H.R. 3263. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States By Mrs. BLACK: H.R. 3264. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: a) Article I, section 1, to exercise all legis-lative powers vested in Congress as granted in the Constitution; b) Article I, section 8, clause 1, which states that, ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States’’; c) Article I, section 8, clause 18, which gives Congress the authority ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’’; and d) Amendment XVI, providing that ‘‘The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from whatever source de-rived, without apportionment among the several States, and without regard to any census or enumeration.’’ By Mr. RUTHERFORD: H.R. 3265. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SIMPSON: H.R. 3266. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law. . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. . . .’’ Together, these specific con-stitutional provisions establish the congres-sional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to deter-mine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and con-ditions governing their use. By Mr. CULBERSON: H.R. 3267. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L17JY7.100 H17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5921 July 17, 2017 
The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states. ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law. . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. . . .’’ Together, these specific con-stitutional provisions establish the congres-sional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to deter-mine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and con-ditions governing their use. By Mr. ADERHOLT: H.R. 3268. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law. . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. . . .’’ Together, these specific con-stitutional provisions establish the congres-sional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to deter-mine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and con-ditions governing their use. By Mr. BROWN of Maryland: H.R. 3269. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Necessary and Proper Clause (Art. 1, Sec. 8, Cl. 18) By Mr. COOK: H.R. 3270. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. D
EEGETTE: H.R. 3271. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Ms. FRANKEL of Florida: H.R. 3272. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 (Clauses 1, 12, 13, and 14) of the United States Constitution, which grants Congress the power to lay and collect taxes for the purpose of spending; to raise and support armies; to provide and maintain a navy; and to make rules for the govern-ment and regulation of the land and naval forces. By Mr. GRIJALVA: H.R. 3273. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Const. art. I, §§1 and 8. By Mr. M
CCARTHY: H.R. 3274. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 5 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution: ‘‘The Congress shall have the power . . . to coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Measures.’’ By Mr. M
CNERNEY: H.R. 3275. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 36: Mr. M CHENRY . H.R. 48: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 76: Mr. S
ANFORD . H.R. 308: Mr. S
ANFORD . H.R. 350: Mr. N
EWHOUSE and Mr. C ALVERT . H.R. 367: Mr. G
UTHRIE . H.R. 490: Mr. M
CHENRY and Mr. Y ODER . H.R. 525: Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 545: Mr. S
MUCKER . H.R. 632: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 669: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 676: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 681: Mr. S
ANFORD and Mr. B ERGMAN . H.R. 712: Mr. C
ORREA . H.R. 721: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. L
EWIS of Minnesota, and Mr. J OYCE of Ohio. H.R. 747: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 750: Mr. N
ADLER . H.R. 828: Mr. T
URNER . H.R. 830: Mr. S
CHNEIDER . H.R. 849: Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. H
UNTER , Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah, Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. B
LUM, and Mr. K NIGHT . H.R. 873: Mr. G
IANFORTE and Mrs. N OEM. H.R. 911: Mr. N
EWHOUSE . H.R. 997: Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 1046: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1057: Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. C ALVERT , and Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 1090: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 1141: Mr. D
EUTCH . H.R. 1148: Mr. G
OTTHEIMER and Mr. F OR-
TENBERRY . H.R. 1152: Mr. S
ANFORD . H.R. 1164: Mr. D
ENHAM and Mr. Y ODER . H.R. 1203: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 1212: Mr. B
ACON and Miss G ONZA´LEZ- C
OLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 1261: Mr. R
OUZER and Mr. P EARCE . H.R. 1288: Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 1317: Mr. T
URNER and Mr. S TIVERS . H.R. 1322: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 1334: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 1337: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 1341: Mr. S
ANFORD . H.R. 1416: Mr. M
EEHAN . H.R. 1421: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania and Mr. B
ERA. H.R. 1478: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 1516: Mr. G
OTTHEIMER . H.R. 1539: Mr. P
ASCRELL . H.R. 1566: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 1606: Ms. M
ENGand Mr. S IRES. H.R. 1618: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 1661: Mr. T
AYLOR . H.R. 1673: Mr. S
UOZZI . H.R. 1676: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire and Mr. N
EWHOUSE . H.R. 1772: Mrs. D
AVIS of California and Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 1796: Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 1847: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY . H.R. 1874: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 1928: Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 1937: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 1953: Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 2049: Mr. B
UTTERFIELD and Mr. M I-
CHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2069: Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 2101: Mr. P
ERRY . H.R. 2150: Ms. L
OFGREN , Mrs. B EATTY , and Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 2152: Mr. L
ABRADOR . H.R. 2259: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 2298: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 2315: Mr. D
ENHAM , Mrs. M CMORRIS  R
ODGERS , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. N ORMAN , Ms. TSONGAS , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. J ONES , and Mr. L
OEBSACK . H.R. 2340: Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´N of New Mexico and Mr. S
IMPSON . H.R. 2368: Mr. S
ANFORD . H.R. 2383: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER . H.R. 2478: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 2482: Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 2505: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 2601: Mr. H
IGGINS of Louisiana. H.R. 2651: Mr. C
ALVERT , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. S
TIVERS , Mr. C ARBAJAL , and Mr. H
UNTER . H.R. 2666: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 2687: Mr. P
ETERSON , Ms. E SHOO , and Ms. H
ANABUSA . H.R. 2690: Mrs. T
ORRES . H.R. 2712: Mr. C
HABOT and Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ . H.R. 2723: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 2725: Ms. M
OORE and Mr. L AWSON of Florida. H.R. 2740: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. T
URNER , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. F ASO, and Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . H.R. 2775: Mr. L
OUDERMILK . H.R. 2796: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 2800: Mr. L
AWSON of Florida. H.R. 2821: Mr. S
MITH of Missouri. H.R. 2823: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Ms. F
OXX, and Mr. G UTHRIE . H.R. 2853: Mr. G
ALLAGHER . H.R. 2856: Mrs. H
ARTZLER . H.R. 2859: Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 2908: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 2938: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 2961: Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 2976: Mr. M
ACARTHUR , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 3029: Mr. P
OCAN , Ms. M AXINE WATERS  of California, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, and Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 3040: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 3053: Mr. L
EWIS of Minnesota, Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. C LAY, Mr. R
USH, and Mr. S CHRADER . H.R. 3057: Mr. C
OOPER . H.R. 3182: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. S OTO, and Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 3218: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa and Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 3220: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York and Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 3239: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas, Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 3259: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.J. Res. 51: Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN , Mr. L AHOOD, Mr. H UNTER , Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. F ASO, and Mr. B LUM. H. Con. Res. 60: Mr. S
HUSTER and Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H. Res. 15: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia and Mr. Z
ELDIN . H. Res. 319: Mr. G
OWDY . H. Res. 349: Ms. L
OFGREN . H. Res. 399: Mr. A
LLEN . H. Res. 445: Mr. G
ARRETT , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr C
ICILLINE , and Ms. N ORTON . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to be offered by Rep-resentative C
ASTOR (FL) or a designee to H.R. 806, the Ozone Standards Implementa-tion Act of 2017, does not contain any con-gressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.018 H17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5922 July 17, 2017 
limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:47 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY7.020 H17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4009 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JULY 17, 2017 No. 120 
Senate 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal Spirit, today, teach our law-makers to do things Your way, embrac-ing Your precepts and walking in Your path. Lord, remind them that the road less traveled usually leads to life, and few find it. As our Senators receive guidance from You and follow Your leading, re-place anxiety with calm, confusion with clarity, and despair with hope. Use these legislators to transform dark yesterdays into bright tomorrows. May Your peace guard their hearts. Guide them to find workable solutions for the problems of our Nation and world. And, Lord, bring healing to Senator J
OHNMCCAIN. We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Y
OUNG ). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
WISHING SENATOR M CCAIN A SPEEDY RECOVERY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I spoke to Senator M
CCAINthis morning and let him know the Senate continues to send its thoughts to him. Our friend from Arizona is a pretty tough guy, as we all know. He will be back with us soon. We will continue to offer him best wishes for a speedy recovery in the meantime, and we will continue to keep Cindy, their family, his staff, and the people of Arizona in our thoughts. f 
NOMINATION OF PATRICK SHANAHAN Mr. M
CCONNELL. We will also con-tinue to work on items before the Sen-ate. As we all know, the nomination before the Senate today is of particular concern to Senator M
CCAIN. Just a few days ago, as chairman of the Armed Services Committee, he came to the floor to underline the importance of confirming the nominee before us. Here is what he said. ‘‘In order to rebuild the military,’’ he said, ‘‘the Pentagon needs to ramp up readiness programs and embark on an ambitious plan for modernization to make sure our servicemembers are given the training, resources, and capa-bilities they need. To do that, the De-partment of Defense must have senior leadership.’’ For instance—this is Senator M
CCAIN last week—the nominee before us, Pat-rick Shanahan, who has been nomi-nated to be Secretary Mattis’s Deputy at the Department of Defense. ‘‘The position of Deputy Secretary of [Defense],’’ Chairman M
CCAINcontin-ued, ‘‘is one of the most critical posi-tions in our government. It is essen-tially the chief operating officer of the largest, most complex organization in the world—the Department that is en-trusted with ensuring our national se-curity.’’ Yet, as Senator M
CCAINnoted, the position is now vacant. Friday was the last day of work for the previous Dep-uty Secretary of Defense, and Demo-crats, who do not oppose Shanahan’s confirmation on the merits, are throw-ing up procedural hurdles that guar-antee this critical national security po-sition will remain vacant for a while longer. Why? To change an outcome? No, not to change an outcome. As I said, many Democrats actually support Shanahan’s nomination. He commands the bipartisan support of the Armed Services Committee, which reported his nomination out on a voice vote—a voice vote—and he has earned praise from across the aisle. As one Demo-cratic Senator put it, ‘‘[Patrick Shanahan’s] entire career has been about solving problems no one else can solve, and these skills would be invalu-able at DOD.’’ Well, she is certainly right. Then why is her party playing games with the nomination? These are the same games we have seen before. Take the Ambassador to China. Democrats voted with us to con-firm him 82 to 12. Yet they still forced the Senate to waste days on useless procedural votes getting there. Take the Ambassador to Japan we consid-ered last week. Democrats voted with Republicans to confirm him 86 to 12. Yet they still forced unnecessary pro-cedural hurdles all along the way. Per-haps the most egregious example of this was the noncontroversial judicial nominee from Idaho we considered just last week. Like the nominee before us, the committee of jurisdiction reported out his nomination on a voice vote. Yet, also like the nominee before us, Democrats threw up unnecessary pro-cedural hurdles on his nomination. When we took the vote to end debate on the judicial nominee from Idaho, they all joined with us—every single one of them—to say that debate on his nomination was not necessary and then insisted on 2 more days of ‘‘nondebate’’ before voting with us to confirm him 100 to 0. So it doesn’t really matter whether the nominee has been nominated to serve in the judiciary or work as an Ambassador or serve in the Treasury Department or head an intelligence agency or sit on the Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, Democrats have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY6.000 S17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4010 July 17, 2017 
shown time and time again they are willing to force needless procedural votes on nominees they actually sup-port in order to waste the Senate’s time—and presumably with the simul-taneous goal of impeding the Presi-dent’s ability to make almost any ap-pointments at all. If this trend con-tinues, it will take us more than 11 years to confirm the remaining Presi-dential appointments. Let me repeat that. More than 11 years. A Presi-dential term lasts 4 years. The level of obstruction exhibited by Senate Democrats on these nominees is simply breathtaking. It is often leaving key Departments without the senior leadership needed to guide our country through the various challenges we face. It needs to stop. The Senate needs to confirm Mr. Shanahan quickly, and we need to do that for the sake of our national secu-rity. And our colleagues need to stop this immediately, for the sake of the country. 
f 
HEALTHCARE LEGISLATION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, ObamaCare has been hurting the people we represent for many years now. That is why the Senate has been working hard to move beyond its failures. Costs were supposed to go down under ObamaCare, but they skyrocketed. Pre-miums have already increased by an average of more than 100 percent on the Federal exchange. Next year, they could rise by as much as 50 percent or more in States as diverse as Georgia, New Mexico, and Maryland. Look, we need to tackle this prob-lem. The revised discussion draft we re-leased last week contains many dif-ferent reforms designed to make insur-ance more affordable and more flexible so it is something Americans actually want to buy. It gives Americans more choices for managing their care. It also takes aim at ObamaCare’s taxes that target the middle class and drive up premiums—taxes on everything from health insurance to over-the-counter medication. Choice was supposed to go up under ObamaCare, but of course it plum-meted. Americans living in 70 percent of counties have little to no options for ObamaCare insurance today. Next year, nearly 40 percent fewer insurers have filed to offer plans. Many Ameri-cans face the real possibility of having no options at all and could find them-selves trapped, forced by law to pur-chase ObamaCare insurance but left by ObamaCare without any means to do so. We need to tackle this problem. The revised discussion draft is designed to stabilize the collapsing insurance mar-kets and encourage more insurers to participate. It will transfer many healthcare decisions away from Wash-ington bureaucrats and politicians and put them back with Americans and their doctors. It will also give Ameri-cans the freedom to decide their own healthcare, allowing them to purchase the insurance they actually want, rath-er than just forcing Americans to buy what ObamaCare is selling. There are other healthcare problems that need to be tackled as well. We need to strengthen Medicaid, for in-stance, so it can deliver better care at a better cost today and remain avail-able to future generations tomorrow. Our legislation contains important reforms to move our country forward in all of these areas. These are the kinds of reforms Americans deserve— not the status quo of ObamaCare, not a multibillion-dollar bandaid, not a pil-ing on of even more ObamaCare, but real, patient-centered reforms that can finally move us beyond the pain of this law. The only way we will get there is with continued hard work. That is just what we intend to do. f 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE CALENDAR—H.R. 2430 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand there is a bill at the desk due for a second reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bill by title for the second time. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2430) to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to revise and extend the user-fee programs for prescription drugs, medical devices, generic drugs, and biosimilar biological products, and for other purposes. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. In order to place the bill on the calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to further proceedings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The bill will be placed on the cal-endar. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to resume consideration of the Shanahan nomina-tion, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Patrick M. Shanahan, of Washington, to be Deputy Secretary of Defense. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Texas. 
HEALTHCARE LEGISLATION  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, on Thursday, after two additional weeks of consultation and input from Sen-ators, we released an improved version of the bill we call the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act, which represents our efforts to address the failing status quo of ObamaCare. We have said all along that even if Hillary Clinton were elected President, we would have to revisit ObamaCare because we have seen in a number of States that insurance companies are fleeing, leaving people with few, if any, options. People in the individual and small group market are seeing their premiums skyrocket 105 percent, na-tionwide, since 2013 alone—a 105-per-cent increase in premiums. For many of these folks, even though they paid the higher additional pre-mium, their deductibles are so high that, effectively, they are being denied the benefit of any insurance whatso-ever. I guess, perhaps, it is no surprise that 28 million Americans would sim-ply be willing to pay the fine that goes along with the individual mandate for not buying government-approved health insurance or claim some sort of hardship exemption. ObamaCare was sold under the premise that, if you like your policy, you can keep your policy, and, if you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor and, oh, by the way, your pre-miums are going to go down $2,500, but what people have experienced has been the opposite of that, with premiums going up on average $3,000. We simply believe that we have to act to save the millions of people who are being hurt by the status quo. That would be true whether Hillary Clinton were President or Donald Trump were President. Our first goal in the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act is to stabilize the in-surance markets, to make sure that people actually have an insurance com-pany they can buy from. Our second goal is to get premiums down. The reasons premiums are not down are mainly twofold. One is that you have younger, healthier people simply forgoing insurance, leaving only sicker, older people in the risk pools. Under adverse selection, that means everybody pays higher premiums when younger, healthier people simply don’t purchase the product because they can’t be part of that risk pool. The sec-ond reason why premiums are so high is the mandates. People are simply being ordered by their own government to buy coverage they don’t want or need, which drives up premiums, not to mention the fact that young people are subsidizing older people’s health insur-ance premiums the way that ObamaCare was constructed. We are going to do everything we can to get the premiums down. The first Congressional Budget Office report said that long term you would see pre-miums go down by as much as 30 per-cent by the year 2020, but we want to do even better than that if we can. The third thing we said we wanted to do was that we wanted to protect peo-ple with preexisting conditions. When 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.001 S17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4011 July 17, 2017 
people are forced to keep a job they really don’t want because they don’t want to lose their employer-provided health coverage due to preexisting con-ditions, we don’t want people to be stuck at a job they don’t want or be unable to quit their job and look for something else because they are wor-ried about not being covered due to preexisting condition exclusions. We maintain the current status of the law with regard to protecting people with preexisting conditions. The fourth thing that we try to do in this bill is that we try to take one of the large entitlement programs, Med-icaid, which is an important safety net for low-income Americans, and we put it on a sustainable path. There are some people who think you can spend hundreds of billions of dollars more for Medicaid over time and we can con-tinue to deliver those services to the poor people in our country, and we don’t need to worry about crowding out defense spending or education or some other priority. We simply cannot do it. What we have done is put it on a re-sponsible growth rate and delegate more of that authority to the States to come up with innovative programs. Our plan will remove costly man-dates and will help provide more op-tions and drive down some of the exor-bitant costs. We will soon have a chance to rescue the American people from the failures of the ObamaCare ex-periment. This is a critical moment for the Senate. I want to go over a few updates to the discussion draft, perhaps in the hopes that some of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will realize that, when faced with the choice of our reform plan or the status quo, the choice is clear. After listening to a number of Sen-ators, we made some important up-dates. For example, to combat the opioid epidemic that is ravaging the country, our new draft includes an ad-ditional $45 billion for substance abuse and recovery. As this chart indicates, the number of people with HIV has gone down to 6,400, thanks to innovations and drug therapy, principally. As to car acci-dents, 37,000 people a year die in the United States as a result of car acci-dents, but 52,000 people—and growing— lose their lives due to opioid and other drug overdoses. This is an epidemic that has to be dealt with. The abuse of heroin and prescription painkillers is devastating families and communities all across the country, but, particularly, we hear from our colleagues in Ohio, West Vir-ginia, and Kentucky that this is an ur-gent and unmet need. These additional resources will be critical for providers, for advocates, and for families on the front lines of this crisis. As I said, our colleagues from Ohio, West Virginia, New Hamp-shire, and other places advocated for something called the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act last year, which we were able to pass to address this crisis, and we passed additional legislation called the 21st Century Cures Act in December, which, again, added additional resources. But this represents the single largest allocation or appropriation of Federal dollars to deal with this crisis than has ever oc-curred before. I think it is because it is necessary, and I thank our colleagues for bringing this to our attention. This is a shocking statistic, when you think about it—that more people die of drug overdoses in America today than die in car accidents—and we are going to do something about that in this legisla-tion. We are also introducing a provision that, for the first time, would allow people to use pretax dollars to pay for their insurance premiums. Let’s say you paid 25 percent of your income to taxes. If you can use pretax dollars, then, basically, that effectively lowers your out-of-pocket cost if you can use pretax dollars rather than the net of tax. We expand the use of health savings accounts to give people that ability, which effectively lowers the cost of their premiums, again, and provides them more flexibility in terms of de-termining how to provide for their healthcare. Some people may decide— and we want to give them the freedom to do so—to say: Maybe, all I need is a hospitalization policy in addition to a health savings account, where I will put pretax dollars in there and save them and use those to pay for doctors’ visits. That is the kind of thing that we have seen in States like Indiana and elsewhere, which have been used very effectively to provide additional choices for consumers and their physi-cians on how they address their healthcare needs and their costs. As I say, allowing consumers to use pretax dollars to pay for their health insur-ance premiums will help bridge the coverage gap. Both the Congressional Budget Office and the Joint Committee on Taxation have affirmed that this will help boost access to healthcare coverage. Another improvement this latest dis-cussion draft brings forward is more options to buy lower premium plans. Under the Better Care Act, anyone in the individual market is allowed to purchase a lower premium health in-surance plan, like the one I mentioned. While those plans have lower month-ly costs with a higher deductible, they will still cover up to three primary care visits a year and, ultimately, limit an individual’s out-of-pocket costs. Coupled together with the health savings account, this may well be the most affordable way for people to ad-dress their healthcare. Not everybody is the same. That was part of the problem with ObamaCare. It treated us all like we were widgets and not human beings with unique needs, depending on our family circumstances or our health condition or what part of the country we lived in. This allows people to personalize and individualize their own healthcare plan. I think this is great news for other-wise healthy adults previously barred from purchasing these plans under ObamaCare. Young people, whom we need in the insurance pool in order to bring down premiums for everybody else, don’t want to have to subsidize older folks’ health coverage. They want to pay the freight for their own costs, but this will allow them access to a lower cost plan that will allow them to be covered for an unexpected hos-pitalization or other catastrophic event. In addition to this freedom of choice, these plans will now also be eligible for tax credits. In other words, what we provide is a refundable tax credit, which essentially is a check from the Federal Government to the insurance company to pay your health insurance premium. Under ObamaCare, people enrolled in these sorts of catastrophic plans were prohibited from receiving tax credits like the ones we are offering, even when they met all other eligibility re-quirements. That doesn’t make any sense, and our legislation fixes that. We have also made several revisions to Medicaid. I might mention that there is a lot of discussion about whether we are cutting Medicaid. I have said before that only in Wash-ington, DC, can you spend more money year after year and be accused of cut-ting. Honestly, fairly, what we do is to re-duce the rate of growth for Medicaid, this uncapped entitlement program that contributed more than $20 trillion to the national debt. We put it on a reasonable budget and a rate of growth. Actually, from the beginning until the end, we will see Medicaid spending go up by the Federal government by $71 billion. Ultimately, for Medicaid to work more efficiently for the people it is in-tended to serve—primarily, the chil-dren, the blind, the disabled, and the elderly frail—we need to give the States more flexibility to implement Medicaid spending based upon the unique needs of people in their States. One of the big problems with ObamaCare is that it expanded Med-icaid to otherwise healthy adults. We have a better way to deal with that, using the tax credit, the State innova-tion and stability funds, and something called the 1332 waivers, where the Cen-ters for Medicare and Medicaid Serv-ices essentially is giving the States the opportunity to innovate and use the money and the tax credit to come up with something that suits the needs of their population. Really, what we need to do is to get Medicaid focused again on the most vulnerable populations, which are the disabled, the blind, the frail elderly, and children. To improve the manage-ment of vulnerable populations such as this, now States can apply for a waiver 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.003 S17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4012 July 17, 2017 
to utilize existing funds as they see fit to improve community-based services that these folks rely on. Our Medicaid provisions allow the States flexibility to route funds to re-gions impacted by public health emer-gencies, which include disastrous weather events like hurricanes. Instead of being applied as a block grant or based on per capita caps, under our leg-islation, emergency funding will be ap-plied where and when it is needed. Lastly, under our Medicaid revision, States can add expansion populations under existing block grants if they choose to do so. Medicaid will always be as it has been—a Federal-State shared expense. By allowing States to be flexible in their Medicaid applica-tion, we can help them fill the gaps that the mandates under ObamaCare chose to merely gloss over. For exam-ple, in Texas, we were not a Medicaid expansion State. So young adults be-tween 100 percent of poverty and 138 percent of poverty will now get access to a tax credit with the innovation and stability funds and these waivers, which will allow them, for the first time, to get access to private health in-surance. That is good for them, and I think represents a vast improvement on the status quo—about 600,000 in Texas alone. Our new draft includes an additional $70 billion to encourage States and help them implement these new reforms. What I have come to learn is, people don’t really trust Washington, DC. Cer-tainly, based on the experience of ObamaCare—this failed experiment where people were promised certain things that ended up not being true and created the problems we now are hav-ing to fix—I think people will have a lot more confidence in a plan that lets the Governors and lets the State lead-ers manage this money and address the healthcare needs of their population by people who are closest to those people rather than out of Washington, DC. Our bill does that in a dramatic way. It takes that authority and power grabbed by ObamaCare and gives it back to the Governors and the States to manage. Based on the polling I have seen, people certainly have greater confidence in the States and their lead-ership at the local level to deal with this than they do under ObamaCare. If Governors want to try to come up with unique healthcare products to drive down premiums, cost sharing, or in-creased funding for health savings ac-counts, this legislation gives them greater flexibility and gives them addi-tional funding through the Innovation and Stability Fund to do just that. Many of us have quoted Louis Bran-deis, who served on the U.S. Supreme Court, who said: States are the ‘‘lab-oratories of democracy.’’ It is true. You don’t see any innovation at the Federal level. It is more like dealing with the Politburo. It is all command and control—central planning, which we know doesn’t work very well. The States are the laboratories of democ-racy. If we give them the freedom to innovate and the resources to do so, I think we can expect our healthcare system to move forward. Soon we are going to have a critical vote, one that has been 7 years in the making. While our plan is not perfect, it is certainly better than the status quo, which is why we call it the Better Care Act. This is not the end, as Dr. Tom Price, of Health and Human Serv-ices, points out. This is just the next step. We know we are going to have other opportunities to address healthcare, most notably in Sep-tember, when we reauthorize the Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program, but this, by any measure, represents an im-provement over the status quo. I think there are some very useful parts of this bill that people will like if they look at it objectively and consider it fairly, but if we don’t take up the bill, well, it can’t be changed, and mil-lions of Americans will continue to be harmed by the status quo. That is a de-cision we all have to make when we move to the bill. Do we have enough confidence that we can make it better or are we simply going to throw our hands up and say, ‘‘Well, I give up,’’ before we even start, leaving people with the failure of the status quo? I would like to encourage our col-leagues to work with us to make this legislation better. It is unfortunate that healthcare has become such a po-larizing and partisan issue. It doesn’t need to be that way, but it started off with ObamaCare, which was passed along purely party lines, creating a sit-uation where there is not bipartisan support for healthcare, generally, which is a real tragedy, given the im-portance this has to all of us and all of our families. Given the hand we have been dealt, we are going to plow ahead and do the best we can. I sat down at my computer this morning, and I started to write a list of things I liked about the Better Care Act that perhaps most people haven’t heard much about. No. 1, it repeals the individual mandate. This is the fine that has been imposed on people for not buying government-approved health insurance. It repeals the job- killing employer mandate. This bill will lower premiums, repeal burden-some taxes, and restore choices. It will help stabilize insurance markets and protect people with preexisting condi-tions. It will allow people to use pretax dollars to pay for their healthcare costs, including insurance premiums. It provides substantial resources to fight opioid and other substance abuse. It provides better quality coverage to low-income Americans that will im-prove medical outcomes for low-income Americans, and it puts Medicaid on a sustainable path. I would like to encourage all of our colleagues to work with us to help make this legislation even stronger. Everybody will be able to offer an amendment and get a vote on the amendment when this bill comes to the floor. I believe the alternative is a dis-aster for our country, and we simply can’t afford to let it stand. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I came to speak on a different subject and will not speak at length about the healthcare bill because this Senator has spoken on a number of occasions about the healthcare bill. Suffice it to say, in light of what the majority whip has just said; that if we really did want to seek a bipartisan solution to the healthcare situation in expanding healthcare for as many people as we possibly can, then what we do, in a bi-partisan way, is start saying: We have a current law. Let’s fix what needs fix-ing. This Senator can say there are a number of discussions going on be-tween Democratic Senators and Repub-lican Senators about doing just that— about such items as a reinsurance fund to ensure companies against catas-trophe, the likes of which, in a pro-posal this Senator has filed, has been costed out. In my State of Florida, it would reduce insurance premiums for health insurance 13 percent. Ideas like that—in a bipartisan way—will solve and bring stability to the marketplace. That is why insurance companies, in fact, are being vigorous in their opposi-tion to the Senator C
RUZ part of the bill that basically destabilizes the mar-ket by taking all of the older and sick-er people and putting them in one pot and putting the younger and healthier people in another pot, which is exactly the opposite of what the principle of in-surance is. The principle of insurance is, you spread the risk over as many people as you can and thereby can bring down the per-unit cost. If we really wanted to fix it in a bi-partisan way, we would be able to, but still, as you can see, there is not the appetite for that in this highly polar-ized, highly ideological, and highly partisan atmosphere we find ourselves in on this particular topic. 
PROTECTING THE SCIENTIFIC COMMUNITY  
Mr. President, this Senator came here to talk about another thing that is equally disturbing because there is a blatant, coordinated effort by some elected officials to muzzle the sci-entific community. When you start muzzling scientists, you don’t come up with the facts, and you don’t come up with the truth. What is being presented as facts doesn’t really match the truth, and certainly the rhetoric doesn’t match what is happening. For example, just last month in the State of Florida, the Florida Legisla-ture passed, and the Governor signed into law, a bill that allows any resident of the State—regardless of whether they have a student in school—any resident can challenge what is being taught in the public schools. So if a single resident objects to a certain sub-ject that students are being taught 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.004 S17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4013 July 17, 2017 
having to do with science, a subject such as what is happening in the cli-mate and the changes; the fact that the Sun’s rays come in and reflect off the Earth and go back—reflect out and ra-diate the heat back into space—but when you start putting what are known as greenhouse gases, such as carbon dioxide and methane, up there, they suddenly act as a ceiling, a green-house gas ceiling having a greenhouse effect, trapping the heat and causing the Earth to heat up. Two-thirds of the Earth is covered with water. Most of that heat is absorbed in the oceans. What happens to water when it is heat-ed? It expands. That is a fact. Sea level rise in South Florida is a fact. It is a measurement over the last 40 years. The seas have risen 8 inches in South Florida. That is a fact, but if there are some who object to that climate science, then under this new law just signed by the Governor, they are going to be able to object to that subject being taught in our public schools. A single hearing officer will determine— Lord only knows whom that officer is appointed by—that single person will determine, under the new law, if the objection is justified. They can force a local public school to remove the sub-ject from its curriculum. Does that sound a little bit strange? Does that sound a little bit scary? It seems like this is the most brazen at-tack on science we have seen in a long time. It is a blatant attempt to cover up the truth. Instead of accepting the fact that the seas are rising and what is going to be a very real threat—and already is to a coastline like Flor-ida’s—they want to literally rip the subject right out of our children’s text-books, while at the same time silenc-ing the teachers and the scientists. I don’t think we can sit back and allow our public schools to become political battlegrounds, and we shouldn’t allow politicians to silence our teachers and scientists just because they don’t hap-pen to like that part of the science. While this bill was just enacted in Florida, it may be one of the most egregious examples of hiding the truth. Unfortunately, I am sad to report, it is not the only one. In fact, in 2015, Flor-ida’s Governor went so far as to report-edly ban State officials from even using the term ‘‘climate change’’ in their reports. Doesn’t that sound like muzzling? Yet the effect of sea level rise is still painfully evident in South Florida. What about the water washing over the curbs on Miami Beach at the seasonal high tide? What about the water that is coming over the streets in the Las Olas section of Fort Lauder-dale at the seasonal high tide? In just a month, the new head of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency fired several members of the Board of Scientific Counselors—the very people responsible for overseeing the Agency’s science and research programs. These were scientists at the top of their fields working on behalf of the American peo-ple, and suddenly, in one fell swoop, the new head of the EPA fired them all and wants to replace them with—you guessed it—industry representatives, scientists from the very industries that the EPA is supposed to monitor and oversee. If this is not what completes the picture of putting the fox in charge of the henhouse, I don’t know what is. The henhouse is not just climate science, but it includes basic research in all fields, including healthcare— NIH. By the way, thank goodness we have a head of NIH who is a guy who broke the code on the human genome, Dr. Collins. It includes the fields of as-tronomy—how about NASA—and it in-cludes the origin of the universe— quantum physics in multiple agencies. This disturbing trend of hiding the truth if it doesn’t match their rhetoric is a trend that is spreading across all levels of government. If information can’t be removed from the public do-main altogether, then guess what they try to do: They try to discredit it. For example, look at what has been done now in an effort to pass this disas-trous Republican healthcare bill. In-stead of—as I have just made com-ments preparatory to this science sub-ject—trying to work together on a bi-partisan bill aimed at improving our Nation’s healthcare system, some on the other side of the aisle have resorted to attacking whom? Attacking the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Of-fice after it said that the bill will take healthcare coverage away from tens of millions of people. The nonpartisan CBO is just that; it is nonpartisan. It is responsible for es-timating the costs and effects of nearly every bill that Congress considers. Yet suddenly, when the conclusions of CBO don’t match the rhetoric coming from one side, they turn their attacks on the scientists and the mathematicians who release the findings. Listen to these quotes: ‘‘I have a lot of questions about the accuracy of the CBO,’’ one of our Re-publican colleagues said here in the Senate. CBO’s time has ‘‘come and gone,’’ the White House Budget Director said ear-lier this year. ‘‘We disagree strenuously with the report,’’ HHS Secretary Price said. ‘‘The CBO report’s coverage numbers defy logic.’’ ‘‘If you’re looking at the CBO for ac-curacy, you’re looking in the wrong place,’’ said the Press Secretary at the White House. If that is not enough, just last week, the White House itself released a video saying that the CBO’s score of the Re-publican healthcare bill is based on ‘‘faulty assumptions and bad math.’’ It is clear what is going on. This ad-ministration’s war on science is not a myth. It is not fake news. If you want to know an administration’s true prior-ities, you need to look no further than their budget, and if you look at the President’s most recent budget re-quest, you will see dramatic cuts to some of our most important scientific agencies. This Senator has seen that in the jurisdiction of the Commerce Com-mittee—in the NOAA programs and in the NASA programs. The President’s budget calls for more than a 30-percent cut to EPA. It calls for the firing of nearly one-quarter of its staff and the elimination of all funding for programs aimed at fighting climate change. Climate change isn’t just about Florida nor is it a coastal State problem; it is a problem of the entire country. The extreme weather events caused by climate change affect us all. Droughts become more frequent, floods become more severe, and major storms like hurricanes and tornadoes become stronger and even more deadly. The scientists at NOAA, the National Weather Service, NASA, and most of the other agencies, including our mili-tary, who study climate change aren’t trying to create a mythical problem that doesn’t exist. They are trying to solve real-life problems that affect all of us and that affect them in the car-rying out of their duties. They work at Federal agencies across the country with one goal in mind—to make credible, valid data publicly available for researchers, academic in-stitutions, and businesses that use the information to better understand things. I see the leader is here to speak. I will conclude with just a couple of thoughts. These scientists know that we can’t just stick our heads in the sand. Science doesn’t work like that. Facts are facts. And the fact is that the Earth is heating up, and there is a rea-son for that, which I explained. If we don’t do something about it, the com-munities that are already affected in my State are going to be communities all over the world. These are not alter-native facts. Yet, instead of helping these sci-entists do their work, some political leaders are using their positions to hide this information and to make it unavailable. We ought to be speaking out against it, and that is what this Senator is trying to do. I have filed legislation to protect sci-entists’ rights to speak publicly about their research—not to let them be muz-zled—and to ensure that all agencies maintain their scientific integrity. I hope we can stop this nonsense of hiding the truth. Let’s stop this war on science. Let’s accept facts as they are and then debate the issues, the policy. The American people deserve an open and honest government that works for them, not a government that distorts the truth to match its rhetoric. I thank the Senate for indulging me, and I thank the leader for listening pa-tiently. I yield the floor. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mi-nority leader is recognized. 
THANKING THE SENATOR FROM FLORIDA  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, first, I want to tell my colleague from Florida 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.006 S17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4014 July 17, 2017 
that it is always a pleasure to listen to him. He is erudite, well-researched, and passionate—always about a subject that matters. On the subject he just spoke about, no State in our entire Nation has more experience with the frailties of this planet, given that it is heating up, as the Senator from Florida, given all the low-lying, heavily populated areas on the oceanside and the Gulfside. I thank him for his continued pursuit of these issues that are very important to every one of us. 
WISHING SENATOR MCCAIN A SPEEDY RECOVERY  
Mr. President, before I begin, for once I would like to express my hope— and I think the hope of every Member of this Chamber—that the senior Sen-ator from Arizona, my good friend J
OHNMCCAIN, has a full and speedy re-covery from his recent surgery. There is no one who has done more to serve this country in this Chamber than J
OHN MCCAIN. There is no one who is more passionate in his defense of our soldiers and our defense than J
OHN M
CCAIN. He is just an outstanding man and a very, very good friend. I admire him very much, treasure his friendship, and wish him the best. Godspeed to Senator M
CCAINand his family. 
HEALTHCARE LEGISLATION  
Mr. President, because of Senator M
CCAIN’s recent illness, it seems that it will be at least another week until the Republican majority forces a vote on the Republican TrumpCare bill. I would suggest to my good friend, the Republican leader, that he use this time to hold public hearings on the bill. My Republican friends propose to pass legislation that would reorganize one-sixth of our economy and touch the lives of every American without a single hearing. Is that amazing? There has not been one hearing, even though we have been on the bill for 7 months now. There has been no opportunity to hear from experts in a public setting, let alone consider amendments. So I say to my friend, Senator M
CCONNELL : Let’s use this extra week or extra weeks to do what Republicans should have done a long time ago. Hold public hearings and allow the stake-holders to come in and express their concerns. Today we Democrats sent the leader a letter to make this request formally, and we will include a list of non-partisan stakeholders we believe should have a chance to air their views on the Senate Republican healthcare bill. These are groups known for their followings and for the good they do, known for not being political at all, like the American Cancer Society, the American Lung Association, the Amer-ican Hospital Association, AHIP—the largest trade group for insurers—to name a few. Let’s have these groups testify on the policies in this bill so that the American people will have a chance to hear what experts and pa-tient advocates have to say. I say to my friend, the leader: When you don’t have hearings, when you try to hide a bill, it usually results in poor legislation. That is what is happening now: a bill done behind closed doors by a handful of Senators—even Republican Senators didn’t know what they were putting together. It doesn’t work. The wisdom of the Founding Fathers, the wisdom of this body through the centuries is to do it in public, have a discussion, have a debate, and the cru-cible of the legislative process will make it better. The suggestion we are making—obviously we oppose many parts of the bill; obviously so do the American people. But maybe some-thing that would be said at a hearing would change things around. Additionally, we ask the majority leader to wait for a complete score from the Congressional Budget Office before proceeding to his bill. The Re-publicans now have a week—maybe more—to get their bill scored by the nonpartisan CBO. They have no excuse to proceed to a bill of this significance without knowing its cost or con-sequence. Now that they have plenty of time to get that done, we Democrats hope there will be a full CBO score be-fore a vote on the motion to proceed. We make these requests respectfully. Let me just say one more thing about the CBO. The White House has had an awful tendency—when they don’t like a fact, they call it fake, and they try to discredit the fact giver. We have never seen a Presidency like this. I say to my colleagues on the other side of the aisle: Don’t let this infection spread to you. CBO is a nonpartisan organization. The head of CBO was appointed by the Republican leaders of the House and Senate. To discredit CBO simply be-cause you don’t like the answer they give is not the American way. The American way is to debate the facts, not deny them, not call them fake be-cause you don’t like them. Unfortunately, our President has made this a hallmark of his Presi-dency. Anything he doesn’t like is fake, even though it is real. His son gives an email, gives a statement, and he says that is fake—what was said is fake. Let it not spread to this body. CBO is a respected organization, as I said, with leaders appointed by Repub-licans, not by us. Let’s hear what they have to say, and let’s take it seriously, even though we may not agree with the outcome of where their facts lead. I would like to make some additional points on one of the more controversial parts of the Republican TrumpCare bill—the Cruz amendment. The Cruz amendment, by allowing insurers to sell junk insurance, would actually in-crease out-of-pocket costs on average Americans. Premiums might come down for some plans because insurers wouldn’t have to cover very much, but the reduction in premiums would be more than offset by skyrocketing deductibles and copays. So the average American would be paying more, not less. The average American, or so many of them, would likely get junk insurance. My friend Senator COONS of Delaware put it best when he said: Yes, we will sell you a car. It will be cheaper, but it will have no bumper, no steering wheel, and no carburetor. It will be cheaper, but it will not serve its purpose. It will not get you where you have to go. On these Cruz insurance policies, the in-surer can say: no hospitalization, no payment for drugs. What good are they? It is a talking point, but it doesn’t help people. It hurts them. The Cruz amendment would also make insurance unaffordable for Amer-icans who need it most, creating what even the very conservative American Action Forum says would be a death spiral in the marketplace. My friend the senior Senator from Iowa said the Cruz amendment would ‘‘annihilate the preexisting condition requirement.’’ That is not C
HUCK SCHUMER or B ILL N
ELSON speaking. That is C HUCK  G
RASSLEY , one of the most senior Re-publican Senators from the great State of Iowa, who says that. It is not fake. It is real, what he said. You can’t wash it away. The Cruz amendment winds back the clock in America to the days of the worst practices of insurance compa-nies. It seems that the raison d’etre of the Cruz amendment is to let insurance companies do whatever they want. In the 1890s, that philosophy may have governed, but America has learned under Republican and Democrat alike that it doesn’t protect them. It would allow insurers to sell policies without the ban on preexisting exclusions, without covering essential health bene-fits, and without lifetime limits on out-of-pocket costs. It would even allow insurers to sell policies that in-clude excessive waiting periods of more than 90 days. If your kid has cancer, this policy in its fine print says that you have to wait 90 days while you watch your child suffer. What kind of freedom is that? It is freedom for the insurance company. It sure isn’t freedom for the family with a child who is suffering. I find that the Cruz amendment—and sometimes my good friend from Texas cares about freedom for very wealthy people, for millionaires. What about average people? You need freedom to be able to have your insurance com-pany pay when your kid has cancer. You need to be free of that—that they can’t pay or will not pay or that you have to wait 90 days. But the Cruz amendment blesses those kinds of re-strictions. Remember, the Cruz amend-ment was added to a bill that slashes Medicaid in a way that would shatter protections for Americans in nursing homes, those struggling with opioid ad-dictions, and Americans in rural parts of the country. The Cruz amendment is a cruel insult adding to a devastating injury. We have another week or more before the Senate will vote on this bill. The Republican leader can spend that time trying to find new or ever more cynical ways to buy off necessary votes with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.008 S17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4015 July 17, 2017 
bailouts and giveaways to certain States, or he can do what he has prom-ised to do repeatedly as majority lead-er—return this body to regular order, go through the committee process, have hearings and a robust amendment process—and, I dare say, the resulting product will be a lot better than the one we have before us. I dare say that is why the Founding Fathers set up a Congress—not to have a few people get in a room and rush through a bill that affects a huge percentage of the Amer-ican economy. 
‘‘MADE IN AMERICA ’’ WEEK  
On another matter, Mr. President, the administration has termed this week ‘‘Made in America’’ Week. So I would urge every American to use this opportunity to look at the administra-tion’s and this President’s ‘‘Made in America’’ record. President Trump said in his inau-gural address that his administration would follow two simple rules: ‘‘buy American’’ and ‘‘hire American.’’ But President Trump’s own businesses don’t even follow those rules. If you are going to preach something, start at home. Start at home. Trump shirts and ties are made in China. Trump furniture is made in Tur-key. While President Trump and his administration are importuning others to make it in America, maybe he should demand it of his businesses first. The American people should also take a hard look at the Trump admin-istration’s policies on the issues of trade and outsourcing. Again, the words in the President’s inauguration and his actions contradict each other, just as do the actions of his company. Earlier this year, President Trump re-fused to insist that pipelines and water infrastructure be made with American Steel. Buy American, hire American— why did he refuse to do that? We Demo-crats wanted it done. I think many Re-publicans wanted it done. If President Trump were serious about the ‘‘Made in America’’ Week, he would demand that Senate Republicans put Senator B
ALDWIN ’s bill requiring that infra-structure be made with American Steel on the Senate floor. Another example is the upcoming Na-tional Defense Authorization Act, pre-pared by the Republican majority. It includes rollbacks—actual rollbacks— to the ‘‘Buy American’’ rules. If Presi-dent Trump was serious about ‘‘Made in America’’ Week, instead of a lot of show and a lot of talking, why doesn’t he oppose those rollbacks and threaten to veto any bill that dilutes or rescinds ‘‘Buy American’’ rules, which the De-fense bill coming to the floor does. So, again, as ‘‘Made in America’’ Week commences, I urge the American people to study the policies of this President and the practices of the busi-nesses that bear his name, because, at least thus far, the Trump administra-tion’s push for ‘‘Made in America’’ is a bit like Mr. Putin’s proposing a cyber security task force. RECOGNIZING FRENCH PRESIDENT MACRON ’S 
REMARKS ON ANTI -ZIONISM  
Mr. President, I would like to ap-plaud French President Emmanuel Ma-cron for his comments over the week-end about anti-Semitism. ‘‘We will yield nothing to anti-Zionism,’’ he said, ‘‘because it is the reinvented form of anti-Semitism. President Macron is absolutely right. Anti-Semitism is a word that has been used throughout history when Jewish people are judged and measured by one standard and the rest by another— when everyone else was allowed to farm and Jews could not, when every-one else was allowed to live in Moscow and Jews could not, when others could become academics or tradesmen, and Jews could not. Praise God, it has not happened in America, but it was a hall-mark of Europe. The word to describe all of these acts is anti-Semitism. So it is with anti-Zi-onism. The idea that all other people can seek or defend their right to deter-mination but the Jewish people cannot, that other nations have a right to exist but the Jewish State of Israel does not is also a modern form of anti-Semi-tism, just as President Macron of France said this weekend. Anti-Zion-ism, unfortunately, continues to bub-ble up in many different forms. There is perhaps no greater example than the pernicious effort to delegitimize Israel through boycotts, divestment, and sanctions. The BDS movement is a deeply biased campaign that I would say, in similar words to Mr. Macron’s, is ‘‘a reinvented form of anti-Semitism,’’ because it seeks to impose boycotts on Israel and not any other nations, most of whose practices are abhorrent, far worse than the de-mocracy of Israel, which recognizes people’s rights. I hope that the States across this country will continue to push back against the BDS movement by boy-cotting the boycotters, as my home State of New York has done. I know that my fellow Senators on both sides of the aisle—this is an issue that has, thank God, not lent itself to partisan-ship—will join me in condemning this modern brand of anti-Semitism, as President Macron did this weekend. Mr. President, once again, my thoughts go to Senator J
OHN MCCAIN, to his speedy recovery, and to the re-spect that every single Member of this body has for him. We pray that his re-covery is speedy, full, and permanent. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). The majority leader. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. EXECUTIVE SESSION EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 170, John Ken-neth Bush. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The bill clerk read the nomination of John Kenneth Bush, of Kentucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of John Kenneth Bush, of Kentucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit. Dan Sullivan, John Barrasso, John Cor-nyn, Orrin G. Hatch, Ron Johnson, Chuck Grassley, Tom Cotton, Richard Burr, James Lankford, Lamar Alex-ander, John Kennedy, Cory Gardner, James M. Inhofe, Michael B. Enzi, John Thune, Todd Young, Mitch McConnell. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 100, David Bern-hardt. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The bill clerk read the nomination of David Bernhardt, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of the Interior. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.009 S17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4016 July 17, 2017 
move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of David Bernhardt, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of the Interior. Mitch McConnell, Roger F. Wicker, John Thune, Tim Scott, John Hoeven, Pat Roberts, Orrin G. Hatch, Tom Cotton, John Barrasso, Thom Tillis, Michael B. Enzi, John Boozman, James M. Inhofe, John Cornyn, James Lankford, Mike Rounds, Cory Gardner. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the mandatory quorum calls with respect to the cloture mo-tions be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NOMINATION OF PATRICK SHANAHAN  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise today in support of the nomination of Mr. Patrick Shanahan to be Deputy Secretary of Defense. The Department of Defense is going through historic changes in its organi-zational structure. These much needed changes are thanks to the chairman of the Armed Services Committee and his unwavering commitment to strength-ening our Nation’s security and ensur-ing that American taxpayers get the best return on their investment. We should all applaud the chairman for his efforts. But even as we make these reforms, we should also heed the lessons of the past. History shows us that the Depart-ment of Defense runs best under a Sec-retary who is a strong policy leader and a Deputy Secretary who is a dy-namic business manager. The most ob-vious example of this preferred struc-ture was when David Packard, the former CEO of the Hewlett-Packard corporation, was confirmed as Deputy Secretary of Defense. Thanks to Dep-uty Secretary Packard’s considerable business acumen, his term in office is still regarded as the model of effective management at the Department of De-fense. That leads us to today and our once- in-a-generation opportunity to rep-licate this efficiency and success at the Department of Defense. The pieces are now in place. Chairman M
CCAINhas provided the statutory catalyst, and I am sorry he has had some difficulty healthwise over the last few days. We can’t wait to get him back. Secretary Mattis is a brilliant thinker and a mas-ter strategist who is providing the crit-ical leadership we need during this pe-riod of uncertainty, and today he is seeking to replicate the Packard model by choosing as his Deputy a man of proven business and management skill. I understand that things could have gone a bit better during Mr. Shanahan’s confirmation hearing, but I believe we all should remember that Mr. Shanahan has not been nominated for a position in public affairs—far from it. He has been nominated to be a strong manager who can increase the effectiveness and efficiency of the De-partment of Defense. In this role, I be-lieve Mr. Shanahan will excel. I think everybody who knows him believes that. Currently, Mr. Shanahan is a senior vice president at the Boeing corpora-tion, where he has been responsible for designing and producing some of the world’s most complex machines. For example, when the Boeing Company’s latest aircraft, the 787, was experi-encing developmental difficulties, Mr. Shanahan was one of the key leaders tasked to solve these issues, earning himself the nickname ‘‘Mr. Fix-it.’’ As further evidence of his leadership, I was particularly impressed with one of Mr. Shanahan’s written answers to the Armed Services Committee’s ques-tions. He wrote: In my three decades of experience, I have developed and practiced a formula to create change at scale in large, complex organiza-tions. I believe leadership is essential to changing the status-quo—setting a compel-ling vision, establishing ambitious goals and realistic intermediate objectives, and con-verting strategy into action. 
Is that not exactly the type of person we want to be managing and reforming the Department of Defense? I person-ally think it is. Finally, I believe Mr. Shanahan’s most important credential is that he is Secretary Mattis’s choice to be the Deputy Secretary of Defense. I firmly believe Secretary Mattis will be re-membered as one of our Nation’s pre-mier national security leaders. The Secretary does not fool around. He de-mands the best in himself and those around him. If Secretary Mattis wants Mr. Shanahan, then I believe the Sen-ate should speed his confirmation so the good work can continue. If confirmed, I look forward to work-ing with Mr. Shanahan, especially to ensure that the Department of Defense maintains our current statutory re-quirements regarding our defense logis-tics capabilities. I strongly believe Mr. Shanahan will play a critical role in leading the Department of Defense to a new era of effectiveness and efficiency. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. M
ORAN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Patrick M. Shanahan, of Wash-ington, to be Deputy Secretary of Defense. Mitch McConnell, Joni Ernst, Tom Cot-ton, Thom Tillis, Lindsey Graham, Mike Crapo, John Boozman, Roger F. Wicker, Dan Sullivan, John Cornyn, John Thune, Steve Daines, John Bar-rasso, David Perdue, Mike Rounds, Orrin G. Hatch, John McCain. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Patrick M. Shanahan, of Wash-ington, to be Deputy Secretary of De-fense, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ), the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN), the Sen-ator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) would have voted ‘‘yea’’ and the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) would have voted ‘‘yea’’. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. K
EN-
NEDY ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 88, nays 6, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 161 Ex.] YEAS—88 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Feinstein Fischer Franken Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Strange Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Whitehouse Wyden Young 
NAYS—6 
Booker Gillibrand Harris Markey Sanders Warren 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:22 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.013 S17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4017 July 17, 2017 
NOT VOTING—6 
Duckworth Ernst Flake Heller McCain Wicker 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 88, the nays are 6. The motion is agreed to. The Senator from Alaska. Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I want to talk a little bit about what is going on here on the Senate floor. We were just considering the nomination of the Deputy Secretary of Defense, trying to move him along—a very im-portant job—and it has taken some time. As a matter of fact, it has taken a long time, as the Presiding Officer knows, to get nominees from the White House confirmed by this body to run the government. Running the government is a very important job. We not only need Cabi-net Secretaries—which, by the way, took months for this body to confirm. They slowed down the confirmation of the choices of the White House to run the Federal agencies—no real expla-nation why—and now, Under Secre-taries, Deputy Secretaries, Assistant Secretaries, Federal judges—delay, delay, delay, delay. We are supposed to be trying to put people in place to run the government, which is the job of the Senate, but it has taken a very long time to do it, and it shouldn’t be this way. It shouldn’t be this way. When we look at U.S. history, typi-cally, enabling a President to fill the key positions of government has not been a partisan issue. An election hap-pens. Yes, there could be some debate on Cabinet officials, but you typically want to fill the government and start running the government on behalf of the American people. It has not been a partisan issue in America. Well, unfor-tunately, it is becoming a partisan issue due to what by any measure is historic obstruction on the nomina-tions coming from the White House to run the Federal Government—historic obstruction. The people did elect us, and they elected a new President, and implicit in the election was that they wanted us to get to work, to do things that, in my view, are very bipartisan. What are some of those things? Growing the economy. We haven’t had 3 percent GDP growth in almost 15 years. That is a bipartisan issue—growing the econ-omy. So are rebuilding our military, unleashing energy that we have in this great Nation in enormous abundance, investing in infrastructure, stream-lining regulations that are strangling small businesses, and, yes, enacting policies to address the spiraling costs of health insurance and healthcare costs across the country. Throughout history, the party in the minority understood this after an elec-tion and would vote to confirm new members of an administration—not just Cabinet Secretaries but Under Sec-retaries, Deputy Secretaries, Assistant Secretaries, and judges. In fact, the current minority leader said the fol-lowing in 2013: ‘‘Who in America doesn’t think a President, Democrat or Republican, deserves his or her picks for who should run the agencies? No-body.’’ ‘‘Nobody,’’ he said. Those were wise words in 2013. I just wish he would remember them in 2017 because apparently he has forgotten those words. He has forgotten those words, because right now there is pure obstruction in terms of trying to seat the people to run the government. Sometimes it is important to try to explain to the American people what is going on here on the Senate floor be-cause it can be confusing. I still get confused sometimes. There are arcane rules. Let’s give an example of what just happened here right now. We had the Deputy Secretary of De-fense, the No. 2 official at the Depart-ment of Defense. That is a pretty darn important job. After he came out of the Armed Services Committee, on which I sit, we voted to end debate on his nom-ination. The vote just happened, and I believe it was 88 to 6, so very bipar-tisan. By the way, we need people at the Department of Defense. Whether you are a Democrat or a Republican, re-gardless of whom you voted for in the November elections, most Americans want us to have good people running the Department of Defense right now. We have very few there—very few—be-cause of this obstruction. For the Deputy Secretary, the clo-ture vote just happened, 88 to 6. That is a very strong bipartisan vote. In pre-vious times, in a Democratic or Repub-lican administration, the Senate would normally say: Let’s move him. He needs to get over there. Let’s unani-mously agree to moving that nomina-tion more quickly so he can help run the Department of Defense—a pretty important job. Well, unfortunately, we are not in that era right now. So what our col-leagues on the other side of the aisle have been doing for every single nomi-nation for this administration is now we will have an additional 2-day wait-ing period, an additional 30 hours of de-bate. Those are Senate rules, but nor-mally on someone this noncontrover-sial, those rules get waived. But we have a minority leader who wants to drag out every single official from being seated. He really hasn’t ex-plained why. I haven’t heard an expla-nation why. But it is happening for every single official—three to four days on one official. Someone did an esti-mation that if they keep this up, if they do this for every single Senate- confirmed job, it will take 11 years. It will take 11 years to seat the officials in the Trump administration. How is that helping the American people? It is not. Yet, nobody comes to the floor to explain why they are doing it. The press doesn’t report on it. Let me provide some other facts on this issue. Normally, when we waive these rules, we can have a voice vote. For a noncontroversial nomination like the Deputy Secretary of Defense, as we just had, normally that would be voice-voted. At this point in President Obama’s Presidency—so the first 6 months of his Presidency—the Senate had allowed more than 90 percent of his nominees to be confirmed by simple voice vote. The Senate asked for procedural votes only eight times on eight nominees— that was it—in the first 6 months of President Obama’s administration. That was actually normal. Democrats or Republicans would do something along those lines. For the Trump administration’s first 6 months, the minority leader and his colleagues have demanded cloture votes for every single nominee, no mat-ter what the position, no matter how noncontroversial, no matter how bipar-tisan. The courtesy extended to Presi-dent Obama to get his team together so that he could run the country has not been extended here. That is just a fact. Let me give another fact. According to the nonpartisan Partnership for Public Service, at about this point in President Obama’s first term, he had 183 of his nominations confirmed—183. Getting people in their positions in government to run the country—it doesn’t matter what party you are in; this is to run the country. But while President Trump’s administration at this point has made 178 nominations to the Senate, only 46 have been con-firmed. So for President Obama at this point, 183 nominations were confirmed; for this President, 46. This is historic obstruction. No one comes here and says: Why? Why are you doing this? What is the point? What is the point? This isn’t by accident. The head of a leading Democratic think tank told the press recently that they intended to hold up, delay, tie up floor time for every single nomination for Senate- confirmed positions. But what they don’t do—they don’t say: And here is why. Why do they want to do that? It is not going to help us grow the economy. It is not going to help us with infra-structure. It is not going to help us re-build our military when we keep the Deputy Secretary from coming in to his position. Just last week, we had a judge who was nominated from the State of Idaho, a district court judge who was confirmed unanimously, and it took al-most the entire week to get him con-firmed on the Senate floor because the minority leader was delaying, delaying, delaying—even someone who got 100 percent of the Senators to vote for him. Again, it is not clear why they are doing this. Some of the other noncontroversial nominees that are being delayed are the Under Secretary of the Treasury for International Affairs and two nomi-nees to review pipelines and other projects at the Federal Energy Regu-latory Commission. Do you think we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:22 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY6.010 S17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4018 July 17, 2017 
need that for our country to grow the economy? We do. These are important positions to do the work of the Federal Government. Yet they are all delayed, and nobody in the press even asks any questions. This is historic obstruction right now, and no one is even asking: Why are you doing it? It would be great to have the minor-ity leader come to the Senate floor and tell us why. I want to know why. I want to grow the economy. We need these people in positions of authority to help us do the things—bipartisan things—that the American people sent us here to do, not delay, not obstruct. Something else is happening on the Senate floor right now. It is not just the historic obstruction of nominees. The other side, for whatever reason, is now deciding they are going to shut down any movement of anything on the Senate floor. Let me give one ex-ample, which is actually quite impor-tant. A lot of what we do here moves by what we call unanimous consent on the Senate floor. There are rules to move things. It can take a lot of time. But a lot of times the leadership of the Sen-ate will get together and say: OK, we can have a unanimous consent agree-ment to move things faster. It is not just nominees. Sometimes it is actu-ally legislation. As a matter of fact, a lot of things move on the Senate floor through unanimous consent, which is, essentially, a voice vote where every-one, all 100 Senators, say: We agree with that. It is a bill that is really im-portant, very bipartisan. Let’s move it. Let’s move it fast. It came out of com-mittee. It is not controversial, but maybe it is important, so let’s move it. For whatever reason, it still doesn’t explain to the American people why the minority leader would say that we are not going to move anything by unanimous consent right now either. Not only will we hold up every nominee as long as possible—even the non-controversial ones—nothing is going to move in the Senate by unanimous con-sent. Again, why? How does that help the American people? How does that help the American people when you are just blocking things? 
POWER ACT  
Let me give one specific. It is an issue I feel very passionate about. I had a bill introduced last year. It passed the Senate by unanimous consent, and we are trying to pass it right now by unanimous consent this Congress. Un-fortunately, it didn’t pass out of the House. I think it will. It has passed out of committee again. It is called the Pro bono Work to Empower and Represent Act, the POWER Act. It is very bipar-tisan. A number of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, including Senators Heitkamp, Shaheen, Leahy, and Warren, are cosponsors. Here is what it does: I come to the Senate floor every week to talk about what a great State I live in—Alaska. One thing we actually aren’t proud of in Alaska is that we have a real big problem with domestic violence and sexual assault in my State. One of the best ways to deal with that issue, one of the best ways to help victims and survivors break the cycle of violence that occurs with way too many fami-lies and way too many women and chil-dren in Alaska—and across the coun-try—is to get attorneys to represent them. Here is a startling fact. It is a little harsh when you say it, but it is true: If there is someone who commits a rape or is accused of committing a rape, that person gets a Sixth Amendment right to counsel. That is in our Bill of Rights. Guess what the victim gets in terms of legal representation: nothing. There is no right. But that is a really important way to help break the cycle of violence—to get survivors and vic-tims an attorney and get the resources to do that. That is what the POWER Act does, and that is why it passed by unanimous consent last year. We have a big problem in the country in terms of domestic violence and sex-ual assault. This would help. We are trying to move it right now by unani-mous consent. It will pass. But it is not going to pass now because the minority leader is blocking every unanimous consent agreement on the Senate floor. Why? Why? Does he think that women in Amer-ica don’t need the resources to rep-resent themselves in these kind of hor-rendous crimes? They do. Trust me. Thousands of them—tens of thousands of them do. So why are we blocking this? Why don’t we move it? We are shutting down the whole Senate, try-ing to shut down the Federal Govern-ment’s ability to seat itself, to do the work of the American people. This is historic obstruction, and no one ex-plains it. The press doesn’t ask about it. I think the American people need to know about it. We were elected to move this country forward. The election happened in No-vember. Let’s come together. There is a lot of bipartisan work to do. We have our differences on healthcare and other issues, but there are so many things about which we don’t have dif-ferences—growing the economy, re-building our military, infrastructure. We need people in the Federal Govern-ment who can do that, and we need leaders in the Senate who can move things forward by unanimous consent— like the POWER Act—when they are not controversial. We don’t have those leaders right now, and we need them. We need to get this country moving again. The way things are happening on the Senate floor, it is not happening that way at all. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Georgia. 
TRIBUTE TO STEFANIE MOHLER  
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I thank the distinguished Senator from Oregon, Senator M
ERKLEY , for allowing me a few extra minutes of his time ahead of his speech. I appreciate his courtesy, and I will pay him back. Ironically, I am thanking him for giving me time to make a speech I have never wanted to make. In fact, I have three times canceled the time I had asked for to make this speech in the last month because when it came time to make it and I opened those doors to come down here, I couldn’t quite do it. I couldn’t quite do it be-cause, every once in a while, something happens in your career with a loved one or friend or cohort who is so close to you and so meaningful to you that to talk about it is an emotional thing to do. Such is the occasion tonight for me to pay tribute to Stefanie Mohler, who is my scheduler and has been for years. She came to work for me when I was a Member of the Senate. She has worked for me time and again in the U.S. Sen-ate, except for the one time she left me to go work for George Bush—and I un-derstand that. That was a higher pay grade than mine. Stefanie was a young lady working for a Congressman from her hometown in Florida when I came to Washington. She wasn’t married. She had a wonder-ful family and lived at home with her folks. She applied for a job as a sched-uler for me and came to work for us. I ran a pretty large company. I had about 1,000 independent contractors and 250 employees. I know a good work-er when I see one. Stefanie was the best. But she had that quality beyond just being the best. She cared about every single thing she did and every single person whom she helped and every single person whom she couldn’t help. She grew in the job, and she made me a better Congressman and, later, a better Senator. She came to me about 18 months ago and said: I have some news for you. I am pregnant. I am pregnant with iden-tical twins. I was so excited for her and her hus-band because she wanted more than anything else in the world to have a family. My wife and I had a party for her at Christmas in December, and the two babies came in the early part of this year. They are beautiful. She is a wonderful mother. But she has stayed, and she has worked. Her mom has come in and helped her do the chores at home as she continued to fulfill her commitment to me. I thank her so much on the floor of the Senate today for that. She is married to a great guy named Chase Mohler. Let me tell you a little bit about Chase. All of us at one time or another in our lives have fallen in love. You know what it feels like to fall in love. You also know what it looks like to see somebody who is in love. You can’t de-scribe it, but there is a glow. It is just something that is there. I was in Jacksonville, FL, with Saxby Chambliss, waiting to come back to Washington when Stefanie was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.024 S17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4019 July 17, 2017 
coming back from taking Chase to meet her family in Florida. When she turned the corner in an airport con-course coming toward the planes, I could tell from the glow on her face and the look on her face that some-thing special had happened in her life. I said: Stefanie, what are you so happy about? She said: I have found a husband. I am going to marry him. He asked me to marry him. I was so happy for her and so happy for Chase because I had met him. They had dated while she was working in my office and later married. Chase works for the State Department and has been serving here in Washington. But he got a promotion, and he is going to the North Carolina coast, and he is going to take Stefanie with him. I am losing the best person I have ever had doing what Stefanie has done for me. He married the best person I have ever seen, and she is doing every-thing in the world for him. So I thought I would come to the floor tonight, not to list the acco-lades—which I could in the thousands— not to say all those platitudes we al-ways love to hear said about ourselves or about somebody important, but to make a confession. I am in love. I am in love with Stefanie Mohler because for most of her adult life she gave her time and her effort to make me a bet-ter Member of the U.S. Senate. She supported my wife when she needed it, and I couldn’t help. She supported our office when they needed it, and they couldn’t help. She did all of the little things that you never ask someone to do because you think it is too little, but it is so important to make a dif-ference in every day that goes by. When she leaves in about 3 months, I am going to be sad. I will shed a tear or two. I will probably shed one for her before the night is over. But when she leaves, I want her to know and I want the whole Senate document to record that once in a while—every once in a while—somebody special comes along and makes a difference in your life, your effort, and your ability. Stefanie Mohler has been that for me. I will never forget her for all that she has done for me, and I will always be there for her if she ever needs me. May God bless Stefanie Mohler, and may God bless the United States of America. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. 
CLIMATE DISRUPTION  
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, cli-mate disruption is the seminal chal-lenge of our generation. It is the most significant test that human civiliza-tion on our planet has faced, and there are a lot of questions about how we are going to be able to come together as a community of nations and community of cultures to address this very signifi-cant threat to our beautiful blue-green planet. It affects everything from our farms to our forests to our fisheries. We see the impact in terms of disappearing glaciers, shrinking ice sheets, melting permafrost and dying coral. We see the impact on our farms, our trout streams, and our forests. We see the impact with migrating animals, mi-grating insects, and more powerful storms. In response, communities across the globe are taking action. They are transforming their energy economies. They are developing aggressive strate-gies to save energy in their buildings, in their vehicles, and in their appli-ances. They are working to replace their fossil fuel energy supplies with clean and renewable energy. How much do you know about the changes underway? Let’s find out. Wel-come to episode 3 of the Senate Cli-mate Disruption Quiz. The first ques-tion we have is, Why did American Air-lines cancel 57 flights between June 20 and 22? Was it extreme temperatures? Was it a pilot strike? Was it severe storms? Was it a fuel shortage? The an-swer is A, extreme temperatures. How is that the case? When air gets hotter, it gets thinner. Thinner air provides less lift for planes to take off, and eventually the runway isn’t long enough for the plane to go fast enough to get enough lift to clear the runway. Therefore, all of these flights got canceled. It is not the first time it has hap-pened. It happened in 2013 in Phoenix, with 18 flights canceled, but this was a pretty dramatic incident attributable to very extreme temperatures. Let’s turn to question No. 2. How long was the recent streak of record- setting monthly temperatures—mean-ing, for example, that a given month like May was the hottest May ever, June was the hottest June ever, and July was the hottest July ever? How many months in a row did this happen? Did it happen for 6 months in a row? Or for 12 months in a row? Is it conceiv-able that this streak extended beyond a year to 16 months or perhaps even for 2 years, to 24 months? Lock in your an-swer. The correct answer is C, 16 months. From May 2015 through August 2016, each and every month was the hottest month on record. In September, 2016, the streak was broken, but only by a few hundredths of a degree. In fact, in September 2016, the temperature was still 1.6 degrees Fahrenheit above the 20th century average. I have a math question to put in here. If you had climate data and tem-perature data for 50 years, what are the odds that, by chance, 16 months in a row would be the hottest—each one the hottest among the 50 previous months? What are the odds of that? Pull out your calculators, and take 1 out of 50, and take it to the 16th power. What do you get? You get that the odds are less than 1 out of a trillion trillion. That is the odds. In other words, this didn’t happen by chance. Let’s turn to question No. 3. Where in the world is the largest floating solar project? Maybe you have never even heard of a floating solar project. There is one. In fact, there are several. Where is the world’s largest? Is it in China? Is it in Brazil? Is it in India? Or is it in Australia? By the way, here is a hint. All four of these actually have floating solar projects. Lock in your answer. Here is the answer. The answer is A, China. India has a small floating solar project, and it generates about 100 kilo-watts. Australia’s is 40 times larger, at 4 megawatts, and it is roughly the equivalent of two wind turbines. Bra-zil’s is yet larger, at 10 megawatts. The largest floating solar project by far is in Liulong, China. The 40-megawatt solar plant is able to provide enough energy to 15,000 homes. Because it floats, it uses less energy than most solar farms because the water acts as a natural coolant. There is something very symbolic about this largest-in-the-world floating solar project, and that is that it sits on a lake caused by the collapse of aban-doned coal mines. It is as if it is saying to us: Let’s transition from a fossil fuel economy to a clean, renewable energy economy, like electrons produced by solar power. Question No. 4, last year plug-in hy-brids and fully electric vehicles made up less than 1 percent of global car sales. It is a very small amount. What was the percentage in Norway? Was it half a percent behind the world average? Was it 15 percent? Was it 37 percent? Or, perhaps, was it even more than one out of two cars sold in Norway? Lock in your answer. Here is the right answer. The answer is C, 37 percent. When the world aver-age is under 1 percent, it is pretty im-pressive that Norway is at 37 percent. In 2016, plug-in hybrids and fully electric cars made up 37 percent of the new car sales in Norway. That is a huge increase in just a couple of years. Three years earlier, the electric vehi-cles—the plug-in hybrids and fully electric vehicles—accounted for only 6 percent of Norway’s sales. In a short 3 years, it went from 6 percent to 37 per-cent. This growth is a combination of fees on gas-powered and diesel-powered cars and subsidies for electric vehicles. Let’s look at what else is happening with cars in the world. Volvo has an-nounced that all of its new models from 2019 forward will have some form of electric drive. Then you see the growth of companies like Tesla, which only produces electric cars. It is be-coming increasingly clear that the fu-ture of the global auto industry is elec-tric. Let’s turn to question No. 5, our final question. This one hits close to home for me as a Senator from Oregon. What killed billions of baby oysters in Or-egon in 2007 and 2008? Was it red tide? Red tide occurs when an algae blooms, and it is a red bloom. It discolors the water, turns it red, and releases toxins that are absorbed by the clams and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.025 S17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4020 July 17, 2017 
other sea life, so that we can’t go out and dig up our clams and eat them for fear of getting poisoned. Was it red tide that killed the oys-ters? Or was it the POMS virus, or the Pacific Oyster Mortality Syndrome virus, which affects Pacific oysters and can cause up to 100 percent mortality within days of initial detection? Was it sea lice—tiny jellyfish larvae that are tiny, almost invisible specks that are no larger than a grain of pepper? Or was it rising ocean acidity, caused by the emission of billions of tons of car-bon dioxide and other greenhouse gases into the air that get absorbed by the ocean through tidal action? Lock in your answer. The correct answer is D, rising ocean acidity. How is this possible? How can you stand on the coast of Oregon and look out at the Pacific Ocean and envi-sion that humankind has burned so much fossil fuel—so many fossil fuels— and that it has created so much carbon dioxide in the air and tidal action has absorbed that into the ocean and turned it into carbonic acid that it has changed the acidity of the ocean? It seems completely impossible. Yet over the last 150 years, the burning of fossil fuels by human civilization has in-creased the acidity of the ocean by 30 percent. In 2007, when I was running for the U.S. Senate for the first time, the oys-ters started dying. The scientists got involved. They said: What is going on? They said: Is it a virus? Is it a bac-terium? It wasn’t a virus. It wasn’t a bac-terium. After some time, they nailed it down simply to that the ocean water had become too acidic, that there was too much carbonic acid in the ocean from carbon dioxide pollution in the atmosphere. Where did that come from? From the burning of fossil fuels. Now, the water comes into the Whis-key Creek Shellfish Hatchery in a very large pipe, and then it has to be buffered; that is, the acidity has to be decreased before that water continues into the vats with the baby oysters. For all we know, they will have to do this forever more, until we can turn the clock back on global climate dis-ruption. If the oysters are being affected, what else is going to be affected in the sea chain? What is the impact on our coral reefs, which provide the founda-tion for many of the world’s fisheries? That is something that we should rightly be very concerned about. There you have it, folks, episode 3 of the Senate Climate Disruption Quiz. How did you do? How many of those questions did you get right? The facts on the ground are changing very quick-ly as climate disruption increases and communities across the globe respond. Together we are racing the clock, and there is no time to spare. So stay en-gaged in the fight. In the near future, I will bring you episode 4 of the Senate Climate Disrup-tion Quiz. In the meantime, if you have a good idea for a climate disruption question, please tweet that question to me at @SenJeffMerkley, using the hashtag ClimateQ4Jeff. Together, let’s keep fighting to save our planet. Henry David Thoreau said: What use is a home if you don’t have a tolerable planet to put it on? Let’s work together to make sure we have a tolerable planet, a healthy plan-et, not just for this generation but for our children and our great-grand-children and the generations to follow. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at 12 noon on Tuesday, July 18, there be 15 min-utes of postcloture debate, equally di-vided in the usual form, on the Shanahan nomination; that following the use or yielding back of that time, the Senate vote on the nomination; and that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President be im-mediately notified of the Senate’s ac-tion, and the Senate immediately re-sume consideration of the Bush nomi-nation. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
REMEMBERING DAVID DUFF Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, today I wish to remember David Duff, a well-respected coal operator from Perry County, KY. David passed away on July 3 in Snowmass, CO, at the age of 67. He will be remembered by many for his kindness and generosity, espe-cially toward the elderly, children, and our Nation’s veterans. David owned Pine Branch Coal Com-pany, employing hundreds of miners in eastern Kentucky and serving as a leader in the industry. He was dearly loved by many in his community, as was shown by the many signs posted along the road leading to his home in the days after his passing. Elaine and I send our condolences to David’s wife, Susan, their children Lori and Ryan, their grandchildren, and all of their family and friends. We hope that their memories of David will help them through this time of grief. f 
TRIBUTE TO CHIP HUTCHESON Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, today I wish to congratulate my friend Chip Hutcheson, publisher of the Times Leader in Princeton, KY, on his retire-ment after more than four decades in the newspaper business. Throughout Chip’s long career, he was the quin-tessential community journalist who saw, as one colleague noted, ‘‘the news-paper as both a champion for and a guardian of the community.’’ When he retired at the end of June, Chip was named the recipient of the National Newspaper Association’s James O. Amos Award. He was only the second Kentuckian to ever win what is known as one of the two ‘‘highest and most distinguished tributes in community journalism.’’ Chip’s relationship with the Prince-ton-based paper began at only 10 months old when his parents purchased the then-Princeton Leader and began to instill in him a love of the trade. Be-ginning at the age of 8, Chip spent time at the paper, watching his parents work. In junior high, Chip joined the team to proofread a section of the paper before it was sent to the printer. Later, he proudly wrote that, ‘‘News-paper ink runs in my veins.’’ During high school and college, Chip honed his skills writing for local and campus pa-pers. After graduation, he entered the U.S. Army and served in Vietnam. When he returned, Chip went back to his trade and began a decades-long ca-reer of journalistic excellence. Chip became the publisher of the Princeton Leader upon his parents’ re-tirement in 1976. As local papers merged, Chip became the publisher of the Times Leader in 1992, continuing his family legacy. Chip admitted that his columns may have been a little ‘‘old school,’’ but he proudly followed the tradition set by his father and his other role models of local community journalism. He used his writings to give readers an inside look into the lives of his family and community. Although his efforts were always dedicated to readers in western Ken-tucky, Chip was recognized across the Commonwealth and the Nation for his outstanding work. He served on the board of directors of the Kentucky Press Association, including 1 year as its president in 2010. The Kentucky Journalism Hall of Fame inducted Chip into its elite ranks in 2012, in recogni-tion of his distinguished career of lead-ership and service. More recently, Chip served as president of the National Newspaper Association. Chip has also been a great advocate for families seeking to adopt children internationally. With his wife, Karen, and grandchildren, Lemlem and Kashiku, Chip came to my office sev-eral years ago asking for relief from the many regulatory burdens in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:22 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.027 S17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4021 July 17, 2017 
adoption process. I was thankful to know of the Hutcheson family’s story. By working with my colleagues in the Senate, we passed the bipartisan Accu-racy for Adoptees Act, which was then signed into law. Thanks in large part to the efforts of Chip and Karen, more families across the country are able to more easily navigate the rewarding yet often difficult process of bringing a child into a loving home through adop-tion. Chip’s unwavering dedication to his work and his community left a mark on the readers of Caldwell County. His writings not only brought the news, but he also served as a voice for people in his community by expressing the beauty and joy of western Kentucky life. After decades of hard work, Chip has earned his retirement. Along with his readers, I will miss his observations about life and current events. I would like to join with the Princeton commu-nity and all of the supporters of the Times Leader who congratulate Chip on his retirement and wish his family many relaxing and enjoyable years to-gether. Further, I would like to ask my colleagues in the Senate to join me in commemorating Chip Hutcheson on a distinguished career in community journalism. 
f 
THE GLOBAL CRISIS OF KILLINGS OF ENVIRONMENTAL ACTIVISTS Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, on July 13, Global Witness, a widely respected international nongovernmental organi-zation that reports on corruption and other criminality involving the exploi-tation of natural resources, released a report entitled, ‘‘Defenders of the Earth—Global Killings of Land and En-vironmental Defenders in 2016.’’ According to the report, 2016 was the worst year yet for environmental and land rights defenders. At least 200 were killed in what has become a global cri-sis, pitting local communities, particu-larly impoverished indigenous groups, against multinational mining, logging, agribusiness, hydroelectric, and hydro-carbon companies that are often sup-ported with foreign financing. The report says the number of such killings is increasing, up from 185 in 2015 and spreading to new countries—24 in 2016 compared to 16 in 2015. However, because many of these attacks occur in remote areas, the actual number is likely much higher. The number of killings is also only part of the appall-ing story. Death threats, arbitrary ar-rests, sexual assaults and other forms of abuse, and misuse of the legal proc-ess are among the tactics used to try to intimidate environmental activists. Often, when faced with peaceful re-sistance to the construction of dams that displace people from their homes and to logging and mining operations that destroy the forest and pollute the water, the response of the companies, backed up by local security forces, is to accuse the protestors of being ‘‘against development,’’ try to divide them with bribes and promises that are later bro-ken, and eventually to silence them with force. The companies get rich and move on, local officials collect payoffs, the electricity or minerals are ex-ported to cities or other countries, and the people whose land was destroyed or water contaminated are immeasurably worse off. As one activist, who has for years spoken out against Latin America’s largest open pit mine, told Global Wit-ness, ‘‘[t]hey threaten you so you will shut up. I can’t shut up. I can’t stay si-lent faced with all that is happening to my people. We are fighting for our lands, for our water, for our lives.’’ The reports states, ‘‘[t]he battle to protect the planet is rapidly inten-sifying and the cost can be counted in human lives. More people in more countries are being left with no option but to take a stand against the theft of their land or the trashing of their envi-ronment. Too often they are brutally silenced by political and business elites, while the investors that bank-roll them do nothing. . . Almost 40 per-cent of those murdered were indige-nous, as land they’ve inhabited for gen-erations is stolen by companies, land-owners or government officials. Projects are typically imposed on com-munities without their free, prior and informed consent, backed up by force: police and soldiers are suspected per-petrators in at least 43 murders. Pro-test is often the only option left to communities exercising their right to have a say about the use of their land and natural resources, putting them on a collision course with those seeking profit at any cost.’’ The report notes the criminalization of these courageous activists, including in the United States. ‘‘They are often painted as criminals, facing trumped- up criminal charges and aggressive civil cases brought by governments and companies seeking to silence them.’’ It is the responsibility of govern-ments to defend the lives and rights of their citizens. Instead, too many gov-ernments are violating their own laws and aiding and abetting in these at-tacks and assassinations—either by the conduct of their security forces or by their failure to conduct credible inves-tigations of these crimes and to bring those responsible to justice. Honduran activist Berta Caceres is but one example. Instead of protecting her, the government and the company treated her like a criminal. She was killed for having the courage to defend the rights and territory of the Lenca people. In Honduras alone—a country the size of Kentucky with just 8 mil-lion people—more than 100 environ-mental defenders have reportedly suf-fered similar fates since 2009, for which no one has been convicted and pun-ished. I hope this report will spur govern-ments, companies, foreign banks, and international financial institutions to take far stronger action to respect the territorial rights of affected people, to defend freedom of speech and associa-tion, to protect the environment, and to uphold the rule of law. f 
RECOGNIZING NASA’S LANGLEY RESEARCH CENTER Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, on behalf of myself and the senior Senator from Virginia, M
ARK WARNER , we want to commemorate an important, early step in our Nation’s emergence as a world leader in flight, space exploration, and atmospheric science. One hundred years ago today on July 17, 1917, NASA’s Langley Research Cen-ter was founded in Hampton, VA. What was once a quiet expanse of farmland and marsh on a riverbank near the Chesapeake Bay has helped transform our Nation’s transportation system and the world’s understanding of our uni-verse. That date in 1917 represents the be-ginning of a journey that would even-tually take Americans to the moon and American technology to Mars and be-yond. Born in the days of the National Ad-visory Committee for Aeronautics, the precursor to NASA, Langley was the agency’s first field center and our Na-tion’s first civilian aeronautics labora-tory. The groundbreaking and sky con-quering research conducted during Langley’s early days led to major ad-vances in aeronautics and, in the years after World War I, helped our Nation cement its status as a pacesetter in flight research. Langley’s important work also served as a foundation for America’s burgeoning aviation indus-try. Langley won the first of its seven Collier trophies, awarded for the high-est achievements in aeronautics or as-tronautics in our Nation, in 1929. That trophy, won for development of cowling for radial air-cooled engines, honored a high level of technical excellence that Langley has maintained ever since. Over the decades, Langley has evolved into a research center sup-porting all of NASA’s areas of empha-sis, from human space exploration to Earth science and from aeronautics to technology development. NASA Langley’s legacy of discovery and innovation is truly remarkable. Researchers at the center helped refine technologies and designs across all flight regimes—subsonic, transonic, su-personic, and hypersonic—revolution-izing the shape and performance of to-day’s aircraft and spacecraft. This year, we all witnessed some of NASA Langley’s contributions to the space race through the lens of the Oscar-nominated film, ‘‘Hidden Fig-ures.’’ The film told the story of the many contributions of NASA Langley employees, especially African-Amer-ican women, to the Mercury 7 mission involving America’s first astronauts. Beyond that, Neil Armstrong and other Apollo astronauts learned how to land on the moon by training at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:22 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY6.011 S17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4022 July 17, 2017 
Langley’s Lunar Landing Research Fa-cility, now known as the Landing and Impact Research Facility. Langley led the first successful robotic landing on Mars with the Vi-king 1 mission, which gave humanity its first glimpse of the landscape of an-other world. The center’s technical ex-pertise in a field called Entry, Descent and Landing—the study of how a space-craft can safely move through a plan-et’s atmosphere and reach the sur-face—has been a key to every fully suc-cessful robotic landing on the surface of Mars. Those are just a few highlights among many, many accomplishments. Over the decades, NASA Langley has contributed technologies that have im-proved people’s lives around the globe. For example, the grooved pavement that makes our highways safer evolved from research into runway surfaces at Langley. The winglets—the upturned tips of wings seen on commercial air-craft—have saved fuel and reduced pol-lution for years. Their use is a result of research done by Richard Whitcomb, one of Langley’s legendary aero-dynamics experts. Based on what we have seen when visiting the center, we predict this leg-acy of excellence and innovation will continue—even accelerate—over the next 100 years. We have been proud to work closely with the center on improving the safe use of unmanned aerial vehicles, better known as drones. We have also proudly partnered with the center’s efforts on groundbreaking materials research, including the Ad-vanced Composites Initiative, to work toward developing lighter, safer, and more fuel-efficient vehicles for air and space. We have seen Langley’s critical in-volvement in development of the Orion crew module, which was tested at Langley’s Landing and Impact Re-search Facility to ensure that astro-nauts can safely splashdown in the ocean after future missions. Langley’s test facilities are being used by companies who have partnered with NASA through its Commercial Crew Program. By working with Boe-ing and Space X, Langley is helping to boost our Nation’s growing space in-dustry. Other current projects include new aircraft designs intended to change the sonic boom to a sonic thud, opening the way for a revolutionary new gen-eration of faster aircraft that will bring vast improvements for the trav-eling public. When it comes to serving the public’s interest, Langley’s work studying the Earth’s atmosphere and how it absorbs and radiates heat tops the list. It is critical that NASA’s work in earth science research continues. Wise policy decisions rely on high-quality data. Without solid data, we are essentially flying blind in the area of environ-mental policy. Coincidentally, the Hampton Roads area of Virginia—where Langley is lo-cated—is second only to New Orleans in susceptibility to sea-level rise. NASA Langley is one of many national assets—including military, industrial, and academic institutions—located there. It is an important region of our Nation and Langley’s work to study earth’s atmosphere will safeguard Hampton Roads, as well as our planet as a whole. When you consider exciting new ca-pabilities offered by the center’s Meas-urement Systems Laboratory, now under construction, and its Katherine G. Johnson Computational Research Facility, which is set to open later this year, it is clear that we can expect to see more improvements and discoveries from NASA Langley. As Virginia’s Senators, we take great pride in the fact that NASA’s original field lab—sometimes called the agency ‘‘Mother Center’’—resides in the great Commonwealth of Virginia. We firmly believe that the boundary-pushing spir-it displayed over the last 100 years rep-resents some of the best traits of our national character: innovation, explo-ration, hard work, and the quest to make life better for us all. We look forward to seeing more amazing innovations from Langley and NASA as our Nation continues its push to solve the great problems of our age and as we extend humanity’s reach ever deeper into the universe. NASA Langley is a remarkable place—and has been for 100 years. As a center for aerospace innovation, tech-nological discovery, and scientific in-quiry, Langley continues to lead the way. We should all cheer them on as they pass this big milestone and rocket ahead into a bold, new century. 
f 
DRY EYE AWARENESS MONTH Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, in the spirit of the ‘‘Decade of Vision,’’ I am pleased to recognize July as Dry Eye Awareness Month. In 2009, while serv-ing in the House of Representatives, I was proud to sponsor the successfully passed H. Res. 366, which recognized the 40th anniversary of the National Eye Institute and designated 2010–2020 as the ‘‘Decade of Vision.’’ This resolu-tion sought to bring awareness to our Nation’s challenges in vision health, especially as our population ages and the incidence of chronic diseases that may cause vision impairment grows. Dry eye is one of these growing vi-sion health challenges that affects more than 30 million people in the United States. It occurs when the eye does not produce tears properly or they are not of the correct consistency and evaporate too quickly. It can range from discomfort to a painful chronic and progressive condition that leads to blurred vision or even vision loss. Dry eye is one of the most frequent causes of patient visits to eyecare providers. It is a particularly burdensome issue for our brave soldiers who were en-gaged in Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation Iraqi Freedom. The Vet-erans Administration reports that up-wards of 70 percent of traumatic brain injury-exposed veterans have dry eye symptoms. Research supported by the National Institutes of Health and its National Eye Institute has improved our under-standing of this condition. Dry eye can have many causes, including environ-mental exposure, side-effects from medications, eye surgery, eyelid dis-orders, immune system disorders, con-tact lens wear, cosmetic use, aesthetic procedures, and an increasingly com-mon cause: staring at computer or video screens for too long without blinking, which may have a dispropor-tionate impact on our younger genera-tions. I want to recognize an important educational opportunity during Dry Eye Awareness Month this year. The Tear Film & Ocular Surface Society’s ‘‘Dry Eye Workshop II Report’’ will be published in ‘‘The Ocular Surface Jour-nal,’’ updating the definition of dry eye and addressing its greater impact on vision health—the first such reexam-ination since 2007. Report highlights were presented at a July 12, 2017, con-gressional briefing, accompanied by a ‘‘Test Your Tears’’ screening and pres-entation of research posters. The vision community and its coali-tion partners are uniting to recognize this growing vision health problem, and I stand in support of these aware-ness and educational efforts. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO EMMETT CHASSANIOL, JR. ∑Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, I am pleased to commend Emmett Chassaniol, Jr., and the Chassaniol family of Greenwood, MS, for 100 years of service and contributions to the U.S. cotton industry. Mr. Chassaniol and his family are the subject of a profile published recently by the Delta Business Journal. The profile not only reviews a century of influence by an agricultural family in the Mississippi Delta but also the changes in the cotton industry over the decades. Mississippi remains one of the leading cotton-producing States in the country. Farmers in my State pro-duced more than 1 million bales of cot-ton in 2016. Since its founding in 1917, the Chassaniol and Company has helped producers move cotton from the farm to the marketplace. Three generations of the Chassaniol family have engaged in the business of buying, shipping, or selling cotton. I am pleased to recog-nize their continuous role in meeting the needs of cotton farmers in this im-portant and challenging industry. Today Emmett Chassaniol, Jr., con-tinues the family cotton business es-tablished by his grandfather. Since 1996, he has expanded Chassaniol and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY6.013 S17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4023 July 17, 2017 
Company’s reach, selling cotton for producers in Arkansas, Louisiana, and areas of the State beyond the Mis-sissippi Delta. Emmett, Jr., like his grandfather, father, and other family members, has served in leadership posi-tions that have helped to maintain cot-ton as an important commodity crop in my State. I am pleased to join cotton producers throughout my State in commending Emmett Chassaniol, Jr., and the Chassaniol family for 100 years of busi-ness in the cotton industry. I ask that the June 15, 2017, article from the Delta Business Journal maga-zine, titled ‘‘A Century of the Cotton Business—The Chassaniol Family,’’ be printed in the R
ECORD . The material follows: 
[From the Delta Business Journal, June 15, 2017] A C
ENTURY OF THE COTTON BUSINESS —THE C
HASSANIOL FAMILY  (By Mark H. Stowers) Cotton has been king in Mississippi since the early 1800s but has seen its reign dimin-ish since the late 1980s. The majestic crop has seen a rise in its ranks with an increase in acres planted the past decade. For the past century, the Chassaniol family of Greenwood has been part of the cotton king-dom and its rise and fall and rise again. Em-mett Chassaniol Jr., still works in the fam-ily cotton business his grandfather started in the early 1900s. He explained the family his-tory in the cotton business by gathering cor-respondence from his grandfather, family input and his own recollection. In 1917, the Chassaniol and Company cot-ton business opened its doors in the Cotton Capital city when the transplanted cotton shipper Herbert Spencer (H.S.) ‘‘Pop’’ Chassaniol decided to stay in his adopted home town. His original office was on 117 Front street but then he later moved to 110 Main Street—the corner of Ramcat Alley and Main Street in the ‘‘Cotton Row’’ area. He stayed in that building until he retired in 1963 and then he passed away in 1966. In 1968, the family sold the building to Mr. Charles Swayze. In 1956, H.S. recounted his career in a let-ter he wrote to the vice president of the Hi-bernia National Bank in New Orleans. H.S. had known the VPs father and uncles in the cotton business in the New Orleans Cotton Exchange. ‘‘My first job was at the age of 12, with Kline Wilson and Company and your Uncle Peter J. Stoube was the manager of the New Orleans office. Through my mother’s family, Mr. Stoube gave me my first job as his office boy.’’ From there Chassaniol worked his way up from the bottom of the cotton business to owning his own cotton business. Emmett’s grandfather was later moved to the Delta in 1910—first to Greenville and then Greenwood with the English firm, Alexander Eccles and Company. But they then decided to close that office and move Chassaniol to Ten-nessee. But H.S. knew he had found a busi-ness home, so he stayed in Greenwood and opened up the Chassaniol and Company cot-ton business in 1917. The Greenwood Cotton Exchange got its charter in 1927 and H.S. was the first presi-dent serving the 1927–1928 term. He later served again from 1940–1941. Since then, H.S.’s sons—Pershing and Em-mett (Sr.)—a cotton buyer—each worked the business together before Pershing started his own company—The Pershing Chassaniol Cot-ton Factor—in 1955 after serving time in World War II. He also served as president of the Greenwood Cotton Exchange for the 1970– 1971 term. Pershing was then joined by his nephew Emmett Jr. and Pershing’s daughter, Sally Chassaniol McSpadden. Emmett Jr. served as the Greenwood Cotton Exchange president on three occasions—1992–1993, 1999– 2000 and 2006–2007. The Cotton Exchange’s final year of existence was in 2009 and then it was dissolved. ‘‘Pershing was in that business from 1955 to 1995,’’ Emmett Jr. said. ‘‘My dad was in with my grandfather at Chassaniol and Company. Sam Adams came in as partner with my grandfather in 1931 but they never changed the name. That lasted until 1953 when they dissolved the partnership. My grandfather retired in 1963 and passed away in October of 1966.’’ One of H.S.’s sons, Herbert Chassaniol, Jr., worked with him in the business until June of 1939, when at the age of 25, he died in a diving accident on the Mississippi Gulf Coast. Also, one of Pop’s sons, Lloyd, worked in the cotton business for different compa-nies but never with Pop. ‘‘Uncle Lloyd went to work for the George B. Wolfe and Company in Greenwood rep-resenting J.P. Stevens out of South Caro-lina. In 1963, they moved Uncle Lloyd, his wife and four daughters to Greenville, South Carolina where he stayed with them until he retired. He passed away in January of 2000. His widow and four daughters all still live in South Carolina.’’ Emmett Chassaniol said. ‘‘Doris Chassaniol Mallette, one of my grand-father’s daughters, worked for him as well. My grandfather’s son-in-law, J.E. McCurdy was married to Blanche, was a cotton factor but didn’t work for my grandfather. Also, my grandfather’s nephew, Herbert Chassaniol, ended up as sales manager over at Staplcotn and retired in 1965.’’ Pershing retired in 1995 and sold his build-ing to Viking Range. Then in January of 1996, Emmett Jr. incorporated his business, Chassaniol and Company and moved into the historic McBee building that dates back to 1880. For more than a century, the Chassaniol family has blessed farmers and the family alike as the Chassaniols kept to the foundational value as stated by Pershing quite often to his daughter. ‘‘He said it doesn’t matter if the farmer comes in and has one bale of cotton or if a farmer comes in and brings in 100 bales of cotton—you treat them just the same be-cause they are both cotton farmers,’’ she said. ‘‘That was one of the things I always remembered.’’ McSpadden, like the rest of the family, grew up in the cotton office as well. ‘‘We would be up there working with them, especially during the busy season,’’ McSpadden said. ‘‘I came back in 1979 and took momma’s place doing the bookkeeping and worked until 1997.’’ With no computers, McSpadden had plenty of paperwork to tend to that she included her children’s help with as well. ‘‘I would bring work home at night and we’d be sitting in the middle of the living room floor—me and my two boys—and we would have all the class cards spread out and they would help me put them in order,’’ she said. ‘‘But just to be able to work with your daddy every day for 18 to 19 years is a true blessing,’’ she said. ‘‘We had a wonderful re-lationship and I went home every day with him to each lunch with momma.’’ McSpadden invoiced and paid famers while Emmett graded out and sold the cotton. ‘‘I can’t say enough nice things about the farmers, the buyers and the other sellers,’’ McSpadden said. ‘‘They were true to their word and it was just a pleasure to be in the cotton business as long as I was.’’ Emmett Jr. explained his job as ‘‘I sell cot-ton for the farmers. That’s all I’ve ever done as well as my Uncle Pershing. My father and grandfather were shippers and buyers but I don’t buy a bale of cotton. I just represent the farmer and get the price for him and sell cotton for him.’’ Three generation of the Chassaniol family have worked with the Bank of Commerce and continue do so today, according to Emmett Jr. The Chassaniols have experienced plenty of technology changes on the cotton selling side as farmers have seen in the field. As field hands used to pick cotton by hand, all of the bookkeeping and cotton samples were all done by hand with what now would seem to be primitive tools. ‘‘The buyers would actually come by, look at the cotton and grade it themselves and pull the staple on it and give you a bid on it,’’ Emmett said. ‘‘Now, I don’t ever see a farmer come by the office. It’s all done elec-tronically. We get our data electronically and we get our warehouse receipts electroni-cally. I’ve done business with a guy down in Louisiana for 30 years and we’ve only seen each other twice.’’ McSpadden’s early days involved two daily trips to the bank with cotton receipts. ‘‘I invoiced every bale of cotton. In a year’s time, we’re talking thousands of bales of cot-ton. In the beginning the receipts were kept at the bank (in the main safe) and every morning we would have to go to the bank and pick up all the cotton receipts and bring them back to the office and I would invoice them out. The ones I didn’t finish with, I had to take back to the bank before they closed at 2:00 p.m.,’’ she said. But then Pershing got his own safe so his daughter could work a few more hours each day. ‘‘That way we couldn’t stop and talk to people on the way to the bank every day,’’ she said. For Emmett Jr., the introduction of tech-nology made selling cotton a 24/7/365 business pretty much. ‘‘When I first started, the cotton market would open up at 9:30 a.m. and close at 1:30 or 2:00 p.m. Now it opens at 8:00 p.m. at night and closes at 1:15 the next day. While I’m sleeping, the foreign markets are trading cotton. Sometimes when I wake up at night and punch my phone to see what the markets doing. It’s really changed,’’ he said. ‘‘In 2008, they went to electronic trading and its changed the cotton business for ever and ever. They used to trade it manually in the pits in New York but now it’s just punching a button.’’ Chassaniol is gearing up for a busier year this year as more farmers are adding acre-age. ‘‘One thing in the cotton business is that no two years are alike weather-wise or marketwise,’’ he said. ‘‘In 1963 and ’73 we had good falls and big crops. In ’73, we had the flood and two million acres of the Mississippi Delta under water. The price of cotton was around 28 cents and with the flood it shot up to around 90 cents. But in February of ’74 it fell pretty good. When the water fell, people started planting cotton and beans. We also had a lot of crawfish that year.’’ Chassaniol’s reach extends beyond the Cot-ton Capital as he’s sold cotton out of Lou-isiana and Arkansas and in the hills of Mis-sissippi beyond the Delta. ‘‘My favorite part of the business is in the fall when we’re busy but with the markets it’s a year-round business and you have to watch it every day. When my father and grandfather did it, it was three months—Oc-tober to December,’’ he said. ‘‘It’s been a challenge as I’ve seen my acres decrease over the years but I’ve got some people coming back who haven’t planted cotton in five 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:22 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17JY6.016 S17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4024 July 17, 2017 
years. You’re going to lose some customers and you’re going to pick some up.’’ As the Chassaniol women married, many of those joined the cotton business including the McCurdy part of the family. McSpadden knows that the kingly crop brought and kept her Chassaniol family close together. ‘‘I am extremely proud of my entire Chassaniol family. They are wonderful peo-ple and we’ve stayed close over the years. Daddy had six brothers and sisters. We have all stayed close. There were 22 grand-children. Even though we are scattered around we always know what’s going on and we keep in touch.’’ With the parents working long hours in the business, they made sure the kids made it to their extracurricular events over the years as well. ‘‘They had this older man, Sidney Matlock (a porter who worked in the sample room) started with momma and daddy. He was somebody that was big in our lives. Momma couldn’t get away to take us to Girl Scouts, well they’d send Sidney to take us,’’ she said. ‘‘I worked with Sidney for a number of years and he was there until his health failed and he retired. We probably opened 100s of thousands of samples of cotton,’’ Emmett Jr. said. ‘‘That’s how you sold cotton back then. He was a pretty good judge of cotton him-self.’’ Chassaniol has relied on his secretary, Penny Kesterson for the past 16 years to keep his office a success and running smoothly. ‘‘She is invaluable in the office she pulls in our electronic data warehouse receipts and classing info. She does the recaps invoicing and sees to wire transfers, plus other clerical duties,’’ he said. ‘‘I could not do without her.’’ 100 years of working in the cotton business with plenty more to come—the Chassaniol family of Greenwood.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO CAPTAIN RANDY DOPP ∑Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I wish to honor an outstanding Amer-ican, Captain Randy Dopp, on his re-tirement from American Airlines. Captain Dopp distinguished himself with over 31 years of safe commercial airline flying for Piedmont, USAirways, and American Airlines. He has been well-known for his commit-ment to airline pilots and to the flying community. Over the years, I have relied on Cap-tain Dopp’s knowledge and insights on issues relating to airlines, pensions, and aviation safety. I know that his wisdom and service will be greatly missed. I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking Captain Dopp on his accom-plishments and congratulating him on his retirement.∑ 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bill was read the sec-ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 2430. An act to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to revise and extend the user-fee programs for prescription drugs, medical devices, generic drugs, and biosimilar biological products, and for other purposes. EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–2201. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Titanium dioxide; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9961–82) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–2202. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Pyroxsulam; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9962–60) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 30, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–2203. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Oxirane, 2-methyl, polymer with oxirane, hydrogen sulfate, ammonium salt and potassium salt; Tolerance Exemption’’ (FRL No. 9962–97) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 30, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–2204. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Indaziflam; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9962–61) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 30, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–2205. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Flubendiamide; Pesticide Toler-ances’’ (FRL No. 9962–13) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–2206. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Difenoconazole; Pesticide Toler-ances’’ (FRL No. 9962–05) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–2207. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Buprofezin; Pesticide Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9962–06) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 30, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–2208. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Wisconsin; Site- specific Sulfur Dioxide Requirements for USG Interiors, LLC’’ (FRL No. 9964–49–Re-gion 5) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2209. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of California Air Plan Revi-sions, Antelope Valley Air Quality Manage-ment District’’ (FRL No. 9962–53–Region 9) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2017; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–2210. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Labeling Relief; Formaldehyde Emis-sion Standards for Composite Wood Prod-ucts’’ (FRL No. 9963–05) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2211. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Compliance Date Extension; Form-aldehyde Emission Standards for Composite Wood Products’’ ((RIN2070–AK35) (FRL No. 9963–74)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 30, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2212. A communication from the Chief of the Branch of Recovery and State Grants, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Establish-ment of a Nonessential Experimental Popu-lation of the Oregon Silverspot Butterfly in Northwestern Oregon’’ (RIN1018–BB74) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 5, 2017; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–2213. A communication from the Chief of the Branch of Recovery and State Grants, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Removing the Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem Popu-lation of Grizzly Bears From the Federal List of Endangered and Threatened Wildlife’’ (RIN1018–BA41) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 5, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2214. A communication from the Chief of the Branch of Recovery and State Grants, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Removal of the Hualapai Mexican Vole From the Federal List of Endangered and Threatened Wildlife’’ (RIN1018–AX99) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 5, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2215. A communication from the Chief of the Branch of Recovery and State Grants, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Reinstate-ment of Removal of Federal Protections for Gray Wolves in Wyoming’’ (RIN1018–BC04) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 5, 2017; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–2216. A communication from the In-spector General, Department of Health and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY6.014 S17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4025 July 17, 2017 
Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Part D Plans Gen-erally Include Drugs Commonly Used by Dual Eligibles: 2017’’; to the Committee on Finance. EC–2217. A communication from the Dep-uty Director, Centers for Medicare and Med-icaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicaid/ CHIP Program; Medicaid Program and Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP); Changes to the Medicaid Eligibility Quality Control and Payment Error Rate Measure-ment Programs in Response to the Afford-able Care Act’’ ((RIN0938–AS74) (CMS–6068- F)) received during adjournment of the Sen-ate in the Office of the President of the Sen-ate on June 30, 2017; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–2218. A communication from the Bu-reau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the ex-port of defense articles, including technical data, and defense services to the United Arab Emirates to establish a Patriot Weapon Sys-tem Additional Equipment and Spares Pro-gram in the amount of $50,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 16–130); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. EC–2219. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for the Division of Reg-ulatory Services, Department of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Rosa’s Law’’ (RIN1801–AA11) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 5, 2017; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–2220. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Commission, Office of General Counsel, Federal Trade Commission, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Premerger Notification; Reporting and Waiting Period Requirements’’ (16 CFR Part 803) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 12, 2017; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–2221. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Dunkirk Lakeshore Air Show; Lake Erie, Dunkirk, NY’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0277)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 5, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2222. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Kosciuszko Bridge Construc-tion, Newtown Creek, Brooklyn and Queens, NY’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2017–1048)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 5, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2223. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Pacific Ocean, Mamala Bay, Oahu, Hawaii—Hokulea Arrival’’ ((RIN1625– AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0421)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 5, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2224. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; City of Valdez July 4th Fire-works, Port Valdez; Valdez, AK’’ ((RIN1625– AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0092)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 5, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2225. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Potomac River, Newburg, MD’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2017–0357)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 5, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2226. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; United Illuminating Company, Housatonic River Crossing Project; Milford and Stratford, CT’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0825)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 5, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2227. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Annual Fireworks Displays within the Sector Columbia River Captain of the Port Zone’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0149)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 5, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2228. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Delaware River; Dredging’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017– 0279)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 5, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2229. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zones; Sector Upper Mississippi River Annual and Recurring Safety Zones Update’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2017–0272)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 5, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2230. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Cleveland Construction Super Boat Grand Prix, Lake Erie, Fairport, OH’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017– 0201)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 5, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2231. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Vengeance Sunken Barge, San Francisco, CA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0310)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 5, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2232. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; San Francisco Independence Day Fireworks Display, San Francisco Bay, San Francisco, CA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0321)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 5, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2233. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; City of Benicia Independence Day Fireworks Display, Benicia, CA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017– 0323)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 5, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2234. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; City of Oswego Independence Day Celebration; Lake Ontario, Oswego, NY’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017– 0324)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 5, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2235. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Garlock Wedding; Saint Law-rence River, Alexandria Bay, NY’’ ((RIN1625– AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0558)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 5, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2236. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Canalside’s 4th of July Cele-bration; Buffalo Outer Harbor, Buffalo, NY’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017– 0476)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 5, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2237. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Navy Underwater Detonation (UNDET) Exercise, Apra Outer Harbor, GU’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017– 0502)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 5, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2238. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Verdigris River, Catoosa, OK’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017– 0514)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 5, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2239. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Cerritos Channel, Long Beach, CA’’ ((RIN1625–AA09) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0473)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 5, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2240. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘An-chorage Grounds; Lower Mississippi River 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY6.003 S17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4026 July 17, 2017 
below Baton Rouge, LA, including South and Southwest Passes; New Orleans, LA’’ ((RIN1625–AA01) (Docket No. USCG–2014– 0991)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 5, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2241. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Ohio River, New Martinsville, WV’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0435)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 5, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2242. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Washburn Board Across the Bay, Lake Superior; Chequamegon Bay, WI’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0169)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 5, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2243. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Coast Guard Sector, Marine Inspection Zone, and Captain of the Port Zone Struc-ture; Technical Amendment’’ ((RIN1625– AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0436)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 5, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. MARKEY (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN): S. 1568. A bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in commemora-tion of President John F. Kennedy; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. CRUZ: S. 1569. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to eliminate the non-application of certain State waiver provisions to Mem-bers of Congress and congressional staff; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. By Ms. BALDWIN (for herself, Mr. M
ARKEY , Mrs. M URRAY , Ms. H IRONO , Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. C ARPER , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. W YDEN , and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ): S. 1570. A bill to improve Federal popu-lation surveys by requiring the collection of voluntary, self-disclosed information on sex-ual orientation and gender identity in cer-tain surveys, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. By Mr. CRAPO (for himself and Mr. B
ROWN ): S. 1571. A bill to reauthorize the National Flood Insurance Program, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 167 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 167, a bill to designate a Na-tional Memorial to Fallen Educators at the National Teachers Hall of Fame in Emporia, Kansas. 
S. 198 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 198, a bill to require con-tinued and enhanced annual reporting to Congress in the Annual Report on International Religious Freedom on anti-Semitic incidents in Europe, the safety and security of European Jewish communities, and the efforts of the United States to partner with Euro-pean governments, the European Union, and civil society groups, to combat anti-Semitism, and for other purposes. 
S. 497 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 497, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for Medicare coverage of cer-tain lymphedema compression treat-ment items as items of durable medical equipment. 
S. 512 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 512, a bill to modernize the regulation of nuclear energy. 
S. 623 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 623, a bill to enhance the transparency and accelerate the impact of assistance provided under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to promote quality basic education in developing countries, to better enable such countries to achieve universal access to quality basic edu-cation and improved learning out-comes, to eliminate duplication and waste, and for other purposes. 
S. 683 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 683, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to extend the re-quirement to provide nursing home care to certain veterans with service- connected disabilities. 
S. 916 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 916, a bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act with regard to the provision of emergency medical services. 
S. 978 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 978, a bill to direct the Secretary of Education to establish an award pro-gram recognizing excellence exhibited by public school system employees pro-viding services to students in pre-kindergarten through higher edu-cation. S. 981 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 981, a bill to require the Secretary of Energy to establish an en-ergy efficiency materials pilot pro-gram. 
S. 1051 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1051, a bill to encourage visits between the United States and Taiwan at all levels, and for other purposes. 
S. 1106 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1106, a bill to designate the same indi-vidual serving as the Chief Nurse Offi-cer of the Public Health Service as the National Nurse for Public Health. 
S. 1113 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1113, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to en-sure the safety of cosmetics. 
S. 1132 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1132, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to make permanent the removal of the rental cap for durable medical equip-ment under the Medicare program with respect to speech generating devices. 
S. 1221 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1221, a bill to counter the influence of the Russian Federation in Europe and Eurasia, and for other purposes. 
S. 1312 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) and the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1312, a bill to prioritize the fight against human traf-ficking in the United States. 
S. 1327 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) and the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1327, a bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to clar-ify how controlled substance analogues are to be regulated, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1354 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY6.005 S17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4027 July 17, 2017 
of S. 1354, a bill to establish an Indi-vidual Market Reinsurance fund to pro-vide funding for State individual mar-ket stabilization reinsurance programs. 
S. 1462 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1462, a bill to amend the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to improve cost sharing subsidies. 
S. 1498 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1498, a bill to establish in the Smithsonian Institution a com-prehensive American women’s history museum, and for other purposes. 
S. 1514 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the names of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI), the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) and the Senator from Wis-consin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 1514, a bill to amend cer-tain Acts to reauthorize those Acts and to increase protections for wildlife, and for other purposes. 
S. 1526 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1526, a bill to appropriate amounts to the Department of Veterans Affairs to improve the provision of health care to veterans, and for other purposes. 
S. 1560 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1560, a bill to ensure the integrity of border and immigration enforcement efforts by requiring U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement to administer law enforce-ment polygraph examinations to all ap-plicants for law enforcement positions and to require post-hire polygraph ex-aminations for law enforcement per-sonnel as part of periodic reinvestiga-tions. S. 1564 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1564, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to per-mit legally married same-sex couples to amend their filing status for returns outside the 3-year limitation. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I have one request for a committee to meet during today’s session of the Senate. It has the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to Rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committee is author-ized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Monday, July 17, 2017 at 5 p.m., to hold a hearing enti-tled ‘‘A Review of the State Depart-ment Reauthorization Bill for FY 2018 and the State Department Reorganiza-tion Plans.’’ 
f 
APPOINTMENTS The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair, on behalf of the Democratic leader, pursuant to the provisions of Public Law 115–31, appoints the fol-lowing individuals to serve as members of the Women’s Suffrage Centennial Commission: the Honorable Barbara Mikulski of Maryland and Karen V. Hill of New York. f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, JULY 18, 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, July 18; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to execu-tive session and resume consideration of the Shanahan nomination; finally, that the Senate recess following re-sumption of the Bush nomination until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly con-ference meetings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 7:06 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, July 18, 2017, at 10 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:22 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY6.008 S17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE999 July 17, 2017 
HONORING COMMUNITY BRIDGES OF SANTA CRUZ COUNTY 
HON. JIMMY PANETTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 17, 2017 Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize the 40th anniversary of Community Bridges of Santa Cruz County, which has acted as a catalyst for a brighter future by opening doors, offering hope, and providing a hand up to the people of Santa Cruz County, California, since 1977. Community Bridges’ family of ten vital pro-grams meets the needs of more than 22,000 children, families and seniors each year. Its programs empower seniors to live with inde-pendence and dignity, increase access to medical care and good nutrition, and provide education and family support. Throughout the years, Community Bridges has helped launch more than ten nonprofit programs, saved five from closing their doors, and provided leadership to countless commu-nity initiatives. Every day, they work collabo-ratively to build on the safety net in our com-munity and discover solutions to emerging issues across a broad spectrum of stake-holders. Community Bridges effectively en-gages a broad base of support to carry on their important mission that touches every part of our community for the benefit of all who live and work here. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to recognize Community Bridges for 40 years of strength-ening our diverse community by providing in-novative human services. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF JUSTICE KATHRYN WERDEGAR 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 17, 2017 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of California Supreme Court Jus-tice Kathryn Werdegar on her retirement after 23 years of exceptional stewardship on the court and 55 years of public service. A resident of Marin County, Justice Werdegar received her Bachelor’s degree with honors from the University of California, Berkeley, whereupon she began her subse-quent legal studies and became the first woman to be elected editor-in-chief of the California Law Review. She completed her law degree at the George Washington University School of Law, where she graduated as the valedictorian of her class. Upon graduating from law school, Justice Werdegar went to work as an attorney for the Civil Rights Division of the U.S. Department of Justice in 1962. She showed clear determina-tion and initiative, working directly with Attor-ney General Robert Kennedy and writing the amicus brief that pressed for the release from jail of Martin Luther King, Jr. After moving back to California in 1963, Jus-tice Werdegar took on a number of academic and legal challenges before going to work as a research attorney for the State Court of Ap-peal in 1981. Showing a voracious work ethic and attention to detail, she went on to become a senior staff attorney for the California Su-preme Court only four years later. Justice Werdegar’s career as a judge began in 1991, when Governor Wilson appointed her to the State Court of Appeal, only ten years after becoming a staff member for that body. Shortly thereafter, in 1994, Justice Werdegar was appointed by the Governor to the Cali-fornia Supreme Court where she has been ever since. During her tenure on the California Supreme Court, Justice Werdegar strove to understand the real world impacts of each case brought before her. In doing so, she went beyond poli-tics and ideology to prioritize the rights of peo-ple in both her majority and dissenting opin-ions. Some notable examples of this include her majority opinion that greatly softened Cali-fornia’s three strikes law, her 2008 ruling that bans on same-sex marriages are unconstitu-tional, and her single dissenting opinion that gun manufacturers have a responsibility for the weapons they sell to the public. Because of her clear dedication to the law and rigorous approach to each case, Justice Werdegar is well regarded by her colleagues on and off of the bench. Mr. Speaker, please join me in expressing deep appreciation for Justice Werdegar’s ex-traordinary service to the legal profession and the public at large by extending to her best wishes on her retirement. f 
TRIBUTE TO MARTHA RIVERA CHAVIS 
HON. DONALD M. PAYNE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 17, 2017 Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I ask my col-leagues here in the House of Representatives to join me as I rise to pay tribute to Martha Ri-vera Chavis, and the many contributions she made as a dedicated resident of Montclair, New Jersey, and to countries abroad. Born and raised in the Dominican Republic, Mrs. Chavis was an astounding woman who loved caring and providing service to people. She completed her studies at San Pedro Apostol Catholic School in the Dominican Re-public and received her degree in French Civ-ilization from Sorbonne University in Paris, France in 1987. Following her graduation she served as a French to Portuguese translator for the Republic of Angola’s Ambassador to the United Nations. It was during this time she met the love of her life, Rev. Dr. Benjamin Franklin Chavis. The couple married in Sep-tember, 1988. Mrs. Chavis was a beloved mother and fierce advocate for freedom, justice, and equality in the United States, Africa, and the Dominican Republic. She was an astounding First Lady of the National Newspaper Pub-lishers Association, and First Lady of the Na-tional Association for the Advancement of Col-ored People. Her service, however, far ex-panded from her First Lady roles. After her husband, Rev. Dr. Chavis, visited Angola, the couple cared for nine Angolans including six children with missing limbs as a result of the civil war in Angola, in their home in Montclair, New Jersey. Due to the Chavises’ unwavering care, when the nine Angolans returned to Afri-ca, they were able to go back with prosthetics. Mr. Speaker, I know my fellow members of the U.S. House of Representatives agree that Mrs. Chavis deserves to be recognized for a job well done, and for many years of service to her local and international communities. f 
ONGOING EFFORTS TO SUPPRESS THE VOTE 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 17, 2017 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to bring awareness to the Trump Administration’s nefarious voter suppression campaign. On June 28, a letter from the Presi-dential Advisory Commission on Election In-tegrity asked states to hand over personal in-formation of voters ranging from Social Secu-rity numbers to party affiliation. As I have stated before, these so called ‘‘election integrity’’ efforts are a sham, and a ‘‘solution’’ that is in search of a problem. The Administration’s ridiculously inaccurate claim that the President lost the popular vote due to millions of undocumented immigrants illegally voting is just another false and misleading statement. There are no facts that back up the Trump Administration’s claims. Unfortunately, these false claims are now being used as a justification to illegally collect voter information and suppress Americans’ sacred right to vote. Fortunately, these voter suppression efforts by the Trump Administration have received bi-partisan opposition. When asked if he would release his constituents’ private information, the Secretary of State from Mississippi, Mr. Delbert Hosemann, said that ‘‘they can go jump in the Gulf of Mexico, and Mississippi is a great state to launch from’’. The Secretary of State from my home state of Alabama, Mr. John Merrill, has also refused to turn over pri-vate information. The opposition to this com-mission is so strong that 44 states have re-fused to turn over this private information. If the Trump Administration were truly con-cerned about the integrity of our elections, he would join Congress in condemning Russia for interfering in our election and work with our in-telligence community to prevent future elec-tion-related cyber threats. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:57 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K17JY8.001 E17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1000 July 17, 2017 
This year, I introduced an amendment to the 2017 Intelligence Authorization Act that pro-vides our lawmakers, election officials, cam-paigns, and the public with additional informa-tion and resources to defend our democracy against emerging cyber threats. Our intel-ligence community warns that if we do not act on this issue, our democracy will again fall vic-tim to Russian cyber-threats. The cybersecu-rity of our elections shouldn’t be a partisan issue, and I was proud to see the House Intel-ligence Committee take a step forward to-gether by passing my amendment. We have come too far to allow for voting barriers to be resurrected, or to allow our elec-toral process to be hijacked by a foreign enti-ty. We have no choice but to move forward and unite to ensure that every citizen of the United States has the opportunity to vote. I call on all of my colleagues to condemn the malicious Election Integrity Commission cre-ated by this administration, and support my bill, H.R. 2978—The Voting Rights Advance-ment Act of 2017 to restore the protections of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. 
f 
WHAT WE ALL OWE TO LIU XIAOBO 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 17, 2017 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, Liu Xiaobo’s premature death was a jarring shock to everyone who admired this champion of freedom and democracy. We mourn his loss because it is a tragic loss for his wife, family and friends and a catastrophic loss for China and the entire world. We owe Liu Xiaobo a debt of gratitude be-cause he demonstrated that the noble ideas of democracy and due process, liberty and the rule of law are not foreign ideas in China. These are universal principles that beat strongly in the hearts of people everywhere from New Jersey to the Ninevah plains of Iraq, from Poland to Peru, and from Burma to Bei-jing. We owe Liu Xiaobo a debt of gratitude be-cause he reminded us that the desire for de-mocracy and human rights is shared by every-one because each person is endowed by the Creator with inalienable rights. The Chinese Communist Party has tried to curtail his ideas, they call them dangerous and subversive, and they seek to silence, censor, and repress them. Yet, they live on in the hearts of untold millions of Chinese people. With Liu Xiaobo’s death, we are also re-minded of the words of Dr. Martin Luther King who said ‘‘injustice anywhere is a threat to jus-tice everywhere.’’ We should all agree that what was done to Liu Xiaobo and his wife Liu Xia was a grave injustice. Liu Xiaobo’s imprisonment in 2009 became a death sentence. The blame for this should lie squarely on the Chinese government and for his death they alone should be held ac-countable. Liu Xiaobo was the first Nobel Peace Prize winner to die in state custody since Carl von Ossietzky died after being held in a Nazi con-centration camp. The Chinese government complained that it was ‘‘stabbed in the back’’ by those expecting it to deal quickly with its client state in North Korea. How shameful it is to play the victim card while a victim of their own repression lay dying. No nation should be judged entirely by crimes of the past, but this crime—the death and silencing of Liu Xiaobo—should follow the Chinese Communist Party like an unwashable, permanent stain. We must never forget Liu Xiaobo’s enduring contributions—whether during the Tiananmen Massacre where he helped save the lives of many students or with Charter 08—the treatise urging political and legal reforms in China based on constitutional principles. We must not forget Liu Xiaobo; we must ad-vance and preserve his legacy, and repeatedly confront the Chinese Communist Party with his ideas and memory. In this time of need we must signal the Congress’s unanimous support for Liu Xiaobo’s family, his wife Liu Xia, and all those bravely standing up for human rights and lib-erty in China. I was invited by Liu Xiaobo’s family to at-tend the 2010 Nobel Peace Prize ceremony. It was a moving ceremony; the now famous empty chair spoke volumes about the Chinese Communist Party’s abiding fear that human rights and democracy will undermine its power. I will always remember the words of Liu Xiaobo’s speech that day about the impor-tance of pressing for human rights: ‘‘Freedom of expression is the foundation of human rights, the source of humanity, and the mother of truth. To strangle freedom of speech is to trample on human rights, stifle humanity, and suppress truth.’’ And he also expressed his hopes for Chi-na’s future: ‘‘. . . I firmly believe that China’s political progress will not stop, and I, filled with optimism, look forward to the advent of a fu-ture free China. For there is no force that can put an end to the human quest for freedom, and China will in the end become a nation ruled by law, where human rights reign su-preme.’’ Liu Xiaobo will, sadly, never see a free China. Chinese authorities have gone to great lengths to stifle his ideas and those who fol-lowed him. In recent years, the government of President Xi Jinping has engaged in an ex-traordinary assault on the rule of law, human rights, ethnic minority groups, and civil society. As China’s economic and military might grows, more and more countries will be afraid to raise subjects that the Chinese Communist Party wants to make taboo. The U.S. stands alone—inadequate as its efforts are at times—in its willingness to keep on raising human rights issues that need to be raised. The U.S. cannot lightly shrug off the mantle of being democracy’s defender, no matter how heavy that mantle may become. It is tempting to be pessimistic about Chi-na’s future and the future of U.S.-China rela-tions. But I am not pessimistic. Constant re-pression has not dimmed the desires of the Chinese people for freedom and reform. I at-tribute this fact, in part, to Liu Xiaobo’s ideas and example. Nevertheless, the U.S. cannot be morally neutral or silent in the face of the Chinese government’s repression of fundamental free-doms. Human rights are not a secondary inter-est, but one critically linked to U.S. economic and security interests. The U.S. must not shy away from meeting with China’s other Nobel Laureate, the Dalai Lama, or other dissidents. We must use Con-gressionally authorized sanctions to hold Chi-nese officials accountable for torture and gross abuses. We must connect Internet and press freedoms as both economic and human rights priorities. And we must demand, repeat-edly and clearly, that the unconditional release of political prisoners is in the interest of better U.S.-China relations. I believe that someday China will be free. Someday, the people of China will be able to enjoy all of their God-given rights. And a na-tion of free Chinese men and women will honor and celebrate Liu Xiaobo as a hero. He will be honored along with all others like him who have sacrificed so much, and so long, for freedom. f 
RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF COMMANDER HAROLD CHAPMAN 
HON. LEE M. ZELDIN 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 17, 2017 Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay special tribute to Harold Chapman, a resi-dent of New York’s First Congressional District and the 73rd AMVETS National Commander. Commander Chapman’s unyielding work for both his country and fellow veterans exempli-fies public service, and should be appro-priately revered and respected. In light of his years of distinguished service to the United States and her people, I am proud to offer this statement in honor of Commander Harold Chapman. Commander Chapman is an honorably dis-charged veteran of the United States Air Force, with his Vietnam War-era service in-cluding 18 months in the Pacific Theater, as well as postings at air bases in California and Texas. Following his honorable discharge, Commander Chapman began his service at the AMVETS Department of New York, taking command of AMVETS New York Post 18 in 1995. Remarkably, Commander Chapman went on to hold each chair in sequence at the AMVETS Department of New York before tak-ing command of the entire department and its more than 70 posts in 2002. Following his two terms as New York’s rep-resentative to AMVETS’ National Executive Committee, in 2008, Commander Chapman became the head of AMVETS District I. This impressive next step saw Commander Chap-man oversee all AMVET members and Posts in New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Massachusetts, Vermont, New Hamp-shire, and Maine. While in command of District I, Commander Chapman’s admirable efforts to grow AMVETS membership throughout hi s district merited him an award from AMVETS National Headquarters, in addition to pre-viously being recognized as the Department of New York’s AMVET of the Year. Today, Commander Chapman travels the nation to hear directly from AMVETS members on a variety of issues and deliver their impor-tant concerns directly to the White House, Secretary of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and Congressional leaders in both the Senate and House of Representatives. As an essential voice in Washington for veterans 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:57 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K17JY8.004 E17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1001 July 17, 2017 
across the United States, Commander Chap-man insists that aiding and protecting our vet-erans should always be one of our top prior-ities. Mr. Speaker, Commander Harold Chap-man’s dedication to public service and com-mitment to helping our nation’s veterans must be commemorated. Commander Chapman has always put his country before himself, and it is both an honor and privilege to serve as his Representative in Congress. 
f 
IN HONOR OF MAJOR GENERAL ROBERT D. CARLSON 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 17, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Major General Robert D. Carlson, who departed from his role as Commander of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Trans-atlantic Division, on July 14, 2017. Major Gen-eral Carlson has dedicated his life to keeping this nation safe, and I am grateful for not only his outstanding service to our great nation, but also to the citizens of Virginia’s 10th Congres-sional District in his capacity as commander of the Transatlantic Division, located in Win-chester, Virginia. At a young age, Major General Carlson chose to pursue a career of service in defense of the freedoms that we cherish. This led him to attend the United States Military Academy where he earned a Bachelor of Science in general engineering. Upon graduation, Major General Carlson was commissioned into the Engineer Regiment and later received a Mas-ter of Science in engineering management from the University of Missouri and a Master of Arts in strategic studies from the United States Army War College (USAWC) at Car-lisle, Pennsylvania. Throughout his distinguished career, Major General Carlson has served in numerous command and staff positions from company-to division-level units. Before assuming his cur-rent position, some of Major General Carlson’s assignments include commanding the 372nd Engineer Brigade and the Contingency Re-sponse Unit, 416th Theater Engineer Com-mand, and serving as the Chief of Staff, U.S. Agency for International Development. The co-lossal amount of prestigious awards and deco-rations that he has attained are illustrative manifestations of his heroic service and devo-tion to this nation. These honors, among oth-ers, include the Legion of Merit, Bronze Star Medal, Meritorious Service Medal with three Oak Leaf Clusters, Army Commendation Medal with three Oak Leaf Clusters, Army Achievement Medal with three Oak Leaf Clus-ters, Department of State Meritorious Honor Award, Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal with Bronze Service Star, Afghanistan Cam-paign Medal with Bronze Service Star, Global War on Terror Service Medal, NATO–SFOR (Balkans) Medal, NATO–ISAF (Afghanistan) Medal, Parachutist Badge, Air Assault Badge, and the Engineer Regiment Bronze DeFleury Medal. Under his esteemed leadership as com-mander of the Transatlantic Division, he oversaw both the USACE Contingency Con-struction Program and the Associated Foreign Military Sales Construction Programs, which provided vital facilities for U.S. Forces and our allies throughout the Middle East. Additionally, Major General Carlson has also been a pro-ponent of increasing awareness of and ex-panding opportunities for today’s youth in the Science, Engineering and Technical career fields and has been involved in STEM-related events, such as National Engineer Week and TAM-sponsored STEM events in the Win-chester area. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the entire 10th District, I would like to express my gratitude to Major General Carlson for his dedicated ca-reer of service, and I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing such a truly commend-able figure. I wish him and his wife, Valerie, and their three children, Cody, Chad, and Camie, all the best as he moves on to his next assignment. 
f 
IN HONOR OF CONSUL GENERAL DR. ANDY DAVID 
HON. TOM McCLINTOCK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 17, 2017 Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the efforts of Dr. Andy David, Israel’s Consul General to the Pacific Northwest, who has worked tirelessly to deepen the ties be-tween our two nations, as he completes his tour of duty at the Consulate General of Israel in San Francisco. Dr. Andy David began his appointment as Consul General in August 2012. He has fo-cused his work on relationship building with essential organizations such as the American Jewish Committee and promoting the special relationship between Israel and the U.S. Throughout his career in public service, Dr. David has focused his work to advance U.S.- Israeli relations in the areas of economic de-velopment, business ties and trade opportuni-ties. Dr. David helped launch a cultural exchange with Israeli artists and the City of San Fran-cisco, developing a strong exchange program with San Francisco-based artists and their Israeli counterparts. Under Andy’s guidance, the University of California system signed a new cooperation agreement with Israel designed to foster tech-nological innovation, research, and develop-ment. This collaboration is aimed at helping American and Israeli companies increase competitiveness and improve the commercial success of both countries in global markets. In 2014, after a series of anti-Israel rallies cropped up throughout San Francisco, Dr. David and fellow pro-Israel supporters orga-nized a rally to show solidarity for continued U.S. support of Israel and increase morale for Israeli soldiers fighting against terrorist groups in Gaza. Today, a strong U.S.-Israeli relationship is more important than ever. Without the selfless dedication of public servants like Dr. David, the peace and security of both nations would suffer. The United States knows no greater friend than Israel, and Dr. David has done an ex-traordinary job of fostering an understanding among Americans of the importance of Israel to the security of the United States. I hope the accomplishments made by Dr. David will in-spire a future generation of public servants to deepen the ties between our countries. Mr. Speaker, the partnership between the United States and Israel will continue to reap Dr. Andy David’s contributions for years to come, and I rise to express my profound grati-tude for his tremendous service. f 
RECOGNIZING MASTER SERGEANT STANLEY W. TALBOT AND THE RENAMING OF CENTENNIAL BRIDGE 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 17, 2017 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the renaming of the Centennial Bridge in Rock Island to the Stanley Talbot Memorial Bridge in honor of Master Sergeant Stanley W. Talbot. After serving our commu-nity for decades—and after being taken from us far too soon—it is fitting that we honor Master Sgt. Talbot and his family for his dedi-cation, selflessness and public service. Every day we rely on men and women in uniform to protect our families, as they bravely risk their lives for our safety. We must never forget that these men and women are moth-ers, fathers, sons, daughters and friends. As the wife of a Sheriff, I sympathize with the family, friends and colleagues of Master Sgt. Talbot. He was a beloved member of the com-munity and his 26 year service to the Illinois State Police deserves to be honored in a pub-lic and lasting way. Memorials and dedications like these help us to remember his sacrifice and the brave sacrifices of those that come after him. Once again, I want to honor Master Sgt. Talbot, and support law enforcement within our commu-nity. 
f 
HONORING THE CONTRIBUTIONS OF MRS. ANITA JOHNSON TO THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA-TIVES 
HON. MAXINE WATERS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 17, 2017 Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of the Finan-cial Services Committee, its Chairman, Mr. H
ENSARLING , and the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, as I pay tribute to one of the hardest working and dedicated employees this House has ever known. Mr. Speaker, for over 30 years Anita L. Johnson has served this chamber with distinc-tion, undeniable integrity, humility, kindness, grace, and skill. For the past several years, she has worked ably and diligently as the Chief Administrative Officer for the Democratic Staff of the Financial Services Committee. Mrs. Johnson began her career on Capitol Hill in 1982 as the Office Manager and Per-sonal Assistant to then-Congressman Harold Ford, Sr. In 1986 she became Office Manager and Personal Assistant to Congressman S
ANDY LEVIN. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:57 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17JY8.001 E17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1002 July 17, 2017 
Although her husband’s transfer relocated Mrs. Johnson away from Capitol Hill and back to her home town of Memphis, Tennessee, for three years, she returned to the Hill in 1989. For the next decade, she served as Executive Assistant and Clerk for the Education and Labor Committee Democrats. In 1999, she be-came the Chief Administrative Officer and Clerk for Democrats on the Judiciary Com-mittee—a position she held for twelve years. In 2013, Mrs. Johnson joined the Financial Services Committee and has remained the Chief Administrative Officer and Clerk until her retirement today. From my time on the Judiciary Committee and as Ranking Member of the Financial Serv-ices Committee I have personally come to know Anita Johnson. She is a tireless and re-lentless worker, an excellent multi-tasker, doing whatever it takes to accomplish tasks both large and small. When everyone else is stressed because of the pressure, she re-mains calm. She is a true professional, whose expertise, integrity; dedication and commitment have served as an example to her peers and col-leagues. Her willingness to go the extra mile, her insights and opinions have been extremely valuable to the successful undertakings of each office she has served—especially my own. She has flawlessly maintained budgets total-ing millions of dollars, ensured the smooth running of each office in which she worked; skillfully clerked dozens of markups, and pro-vided valuable assistance to myself, other Members, and staff. Prior to her time on the Hill, Mrs. Johnson was an educator teaching at Wooddale Senior High School (Memphis, TN); Hazelwood Sen-ior High School (St. Louis, MO); Ivanna Eudora Kean High School (St. Thomas, USVI); and, Savannah Area Vocational Tech-nical School (Savannah, GA). Additionally, Anita has been a member of the Washington Performing Arts Society Men and Women of the Gospel for years; and, has performed at the Kennedy Center, Carnegie Hall; TNT’s ‘‘Christmas in Washington’’; and, the Kennedy Center Honors. With the Trinity Choir at Alfred Street Baptist Church, Alexandria, Virginia, Anita has also performed in Austria, Italy, Ger-many, Paris, Brussels, and Amsterdam. On behalf of the Financial Services Com-mittee, its staff, and this distinguished body, we would like to thank Anita for her commit-ment to the U.S. House of Representatives and her exemplary service to this nation. Her humility, integrity, generosity, loyalty, sense of humor and professionalism will be sorely missed. She has served as a cherished col-league, mentor and friend to many present and former Hill staff members. We wish her the best of luck and extend to her our deepest gratitude as she leaves Capitol Hill. 
f 
ILLINOIS SUPREME COURT JUSTICE RITA B. GARMAN 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 17, 2017 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Illinois Supreme Court Justice Rita B. Garman for her exemplary work on the court for the past 16 years. In acknowledgement of Justice Garman’s service, the Vermilion County Board voted to rename the county courthouse ‘‘The Rita B. Garman Vermilion County Courthouse.’’ A ceremony dedicating the renamed courthouse will be held on August 4th. Justice Garman is a 1965 University of Illi-nois graduate and a 1968 graduate of the Uni-versity of Iowa College of Law. She began her judicial career at the Vermilion County Court-house as an associate judge. She served dutifully and responsibly as a judge in the Fifth Judicial Circuit Court from 1986 to 1995. After that, her dedication and perseverance led her to become an Illinois State Appellate Court Justice. In February 2001 she was appointed to the Illinois Su-preme Court, and she went on to serve as Chief Justice from 2013 to 2016. She con-tinues to serve the people of Illinois as a member of the Supreme Court. I have come to know Justice Garman over the last few years and applaud her for many years of dedication to upholding the law and pursuing justice. I want to personally congratu-late her for this recognition by Vermilion Coun-ty as they rename the courthouse The Rita B. Garman Vermilion County Courthouse. f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 
SPEECH OF  
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 12, 2017 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2810) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes: 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chair, I will vote against H.R. 2810, the National Defense Au-thorization Act (NDAA) for Fiscal Year 2018 (Roll no. 378). I commend the House Armed Services Committee for tackling some difficult issues, but I remain concerned about several components of the bill, including its lack of fis-cal discipline and use of budget gimmicks. There are provisions of this legislation that I support. I am pleased this bill includes a pro-vision expressing the sense of Congress that climate change is a direct threat to the na-tional security of the United States. The bill would also support a 2.4 percent military pay raise and would require the Pentagon to report to Congress any attempts by Russian actors to hack the Defense Department’s system. However, by authorizing a total of $621.5 billion in base budget authority, exceeding the $549 billion cap set in the 2011 Budget Con-trol Act, and using $10 billion in Overseas Contingency Operations (OCO) funding for base defense requirements, Congress and the administration are misusing budget mecha-nisms to pad their accounts in an era of fiscal uncertainty. The bill puts off making tough de-cisions about our defense spending. The legislation also keeps intact funding for several unnecessary weapons programs and undermines key international nuclear non-proliferation efforts. The bill authorizes full funding for the Air Force’s next generation air- launched cruise missile, known as the Long- Range Standoff weapon (LRSO), even though Secretary of Defense Mattis has stated numer-ous times that he is skeptical we actually need it. I offered an amendment to keep funding for the LRSO at FY17 levels until the administra-tion submits a Nuclear Posture Review to Congress, but it was unfortunately not accept-ed. The bill also requires the Department of De-fense to develop a missile system that, if test-ed or deployed, would violate U.S. obligations under the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty. I offered an amendment to pro-hibit this system’s development until military experts, diplomats and our NATO allies certify that they agree with this approach, but this amendment too was rejected. Additionally, the legislation caps funding for nuclear weapon dismantlement at $56 million for FY19 through FY21, making us less safe. Beyond nuclear weapons and treaties, the legislation maintains a prohibition on transfer-ring detainees in Guantanamo Bay detention facility to the United States and bars the con-struction or modification of facilities within the U.S. to house detainees for another year. It’s past time that we closed this military prison. We can safely and securely imprison anyone we need to without the extraordinary expense of this recruiting tool for ISIS. The bill also prohibits a new round of base realignment and closure (BRAC), rejecting the Department of Defense’s request for flexibility to implement BRAC for the sixth year in a row. The best way to support our troops is to fight for common-sense budgeting and spend-ing these sums out properly. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF NANCY HUB-BARD FOR HER LIFETIME OF SERVICE TO THE DEARBORN COMMUNITY 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 17, 2017 Mrs. DlNGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. Nancy Hubbard for her service and dedication to the City of Dearborn. As one of the city’s longest serving City Council mem-bers, Ms. Hubbard was a tireless public serv-ant who left a legacy of achievement and will be missed. Ms. Hubbard began her career as a sec-retary with Ford Motor Company and later worked for the Dearborn Department of Public Works and Dearborn Department of Building and Safety. She was elected to the Dearborn City Council in 1990 and compiled a distin-guished record of success during her 24 years on the council. Ms. Hubbard has spent 16 years serving as the Council President Pro Tem, where she used the leadership position to advocate on behalf of the city’s residents. She played a key role in the establishment of the Ford Community and Performing Arts Cen-ter and in expanding the greenway trail sys-tem in the city. She was also involved in eco-nomic development initiatives, including the establishment of the Dearborn Town Center and the redevelopment of the Warren Avenue and Dix-Vernor business corridors. As a result of her work, Dearborn has been transformed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:57 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17JY8.005 E17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1003 July 17, 2017 
into a thriving community that effectively serves the needs of the city’s residents. Ms. Hubbard’s commitment to public service and the City of Dearborn helped improve the quality of life for the community while driving economic development in the area. As a life-long resident of Dearborn, Ms. Hubbard’s deep ties to the area allowed her to effectively engage with her constituents and address pressing issues facing the city at large. She was a tireless advocate during her career with the City Council who remained personally en-gaged with city’s residents throughout her life, and her passion for public service will be missed. It is my hope that the city will continue to build on Ms. Hubbard’s outstanding legacy. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Ms. Nancy Hubbard for her public service with the Dearborn City Council. Ms. Hubbard lived a life dedicated to public service and well-being of others. 
f 
IN HONOR OF SERGEANT MAJOR RONALD E. JOHNSON 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 17, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Sergeant Major Ronald E. Johnson, who departed from his role as Command Ser-geant of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Transatlantic Division, on July 14, 2017 and will be retiring from the United States Army after over thirty years of honorable service. Sergeant Major Johnson has dedicated his ca-reer to keeping this nation safe, and I am grateful for not only his exemplary service to our nation, but also his service to the resi-dents of Virginia’s 10th Congressional District in his position as Command Sergeant of the Transatlantic Division, located in Winchester, Virginia. Sergeant Major Johnson entered the Army in November of 1986 from Terre Haute, Indi-ana. Over the course of his illustrious career, he has served in a plethora of different capac-ities, including as a team leader, squad leader, platoon sergeant, drill sergeant, Equal Oppor-tunity adviser, noncommissioned officer-in- charge of Directorate of Public Works, first sergeant and command sergeant major. Addi-tionally, Sergeant Major Johnson has com-pleted a multitude of tours of duty abroad, in-cluding in Germany, Honduras, Thailand, Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Op-erations Desert Shield and Desert Storm, Op-eration Iraqi Freedom I and Operation Endur-ing Freedom IX and XI. His steadfast commit-ment to defending this nation and courageous service are evident by the immense amount of awards and decorations that have been be-stowed upon him. These honors, among oth-ers, include two Legions of Merit, three Bronze Stars, three Meritorious Service Medals, a Joint Service Commendation Medal, six Army Commendation Medals, five Army Achieve-ment Medals, nine Good Conduct Medals, two National Defense Service Medals, three Southwest Asia Service Medals, Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Medal, Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, three Afghanistan Campaign Medals, United Nations Medal, NATO Medal, Kuwaiti Liberation Medal, four NCO Professional Development Ribbons, Overseas Service Ribbon, two Meritorious Unit Citations; Combat Action, Drill Sergeant, and Parachutist Badges; Bronze Order of the de Fleury Medal, and the German Physical Fit-ness Proficiency (Sportsman) Badge. Mostly recently, under his guidance as Commander Sergeant of the Transatlantic Di-vision for the past three years, Transatlantic Division organizations have completed more than $1.7 billion in construction projects in the combat regions of Afghanistan. These efforts have included large scale military installations and utility projects, which have been vital to training Afghan security forces and providing the area with a reliable source of power. In addition to his work crucial to enhancing our national security, Sergeant Major Johnson has always been solicitous about the welfare and professional development of his soldiers and established a formal military professional de-velopment program and a very active men-toring program. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the entire 10th District, I would like to express my sincere ap-preciation to Sergeant Major Johnson for his dedicated career of service, and I ask my col-leagues to join me in recognizing a highly ven-erated figure. I wish him all the best as he moves on to the next phase in his life. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DEPUTY SILVIO D
EANGELO IV AND OFFICER MATTHEW CAVANAGH 
HON. ROBERT A. BRADY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 17, 2017 Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Deputy Silvio DeAngelo IV of the Delaware County Sheriff’s Office and Officer Matthew Cavanagh of the Glenolden Borough Police Department. These men saved the life of my staffer and friend Jo-seph Campisi when he suffered a heart attack on April 19th, 2015. Joe had just finished a game of basketball at the L.A. Fitness in Springfield, PA when he suddenly collapsed. Fortunately, Deputy DeAngelo and Officer Cavanagh happened to be finishing a workout at that very moment. Despite being off-duty and having never used a defibrillator on a live person before, they im-mediately sprang into action. Their training came through in the clutch and they were able to resuscitate him before the EMTs arrived. Thanks to their heroism and decisive action, Joe’s heart was beating again in less than two and a half minutes. After 8 days in a coma, open heart surgery, five weeks in the hospital, and another six months of recovery, Joe was once again able to rejoin my staff. Now, more than two years since his heart attack, I am happy to say that Joe has made a full recovery. Looking at him today, you would never know he came within an inch of death. Without the bravery and quick-thinking of Officer Cavanagh and Deputy DeAngelo, my friend Joe would not be here today. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my other distin-guished colleagues join me in thanking these two law enforcement officers. They represent the very best the First District of Pennsylvania has to offer. IN MEMORY OF WILLIAM W. ‘‘HOOTIE’’ JOHNSON HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 17, 2017 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, on July 14, 2017, South Carolina lost an esteemed businessman and dedicated public servant with the death of William W. ‘‘Hootie’’ Johnson. He made a positive difference with his philanthropic efforts and I am grateful for his longtime service as Chairman of the Exec-utive Committee at Bank of America and Chairman of Augusta National Golf Club. On Monday, July 17, 2017, a funeral service will be conducted at Eastminster Presbyterian Church in Columbia, South Carolina. The following thoughtful obituary was appro-priately published in The State on July 15, 2017: 
Mr. Johnson died Friday, July 14, 2017, at the age of 86. Hootie Johnson was a former chairman of the Executive Committee of Bank of America’s Board of Directors. He had also served on the Boards of Directors of Alltel Corporation, Duke Energy Corpora-tion, Liberty Corporation and Stephens, Inc. He was the husband of Pierrine Baker John-son and was a son of the late Dewey H. and Mabel Woodward Johnson. He was born in Augusta, Georgia. Mr. Johnson held a B.S. degree in business administration from the University of South Carolina as well as an Honorary Doctor of Law degree. Honorary Doctor of Humanities degrees were also con-ferred upon him by the Medical University of South Carolina and Lander University. He served as chairman of both the South Caro-lina Ports Authority and the South Carolina Research Authority, as well as a member of The South Carolina State Development Board. Mr. Johnson also served as chairman of the Committee to Develop a Plan of De-segregation of the National Urban League. He was a Laureate of the South Carolina Business Hall of Fame. The State newspaper named Mr. Johnson as one of South Caro-lina’s 15 most influential business leaders of the 20th Century. Mr. Johnson, an inde-pendent, was active in politics serving as fi-nance chairman for Governor Robert McNair, Governor Carroll Campbell, Gov-ernor David Beasley, Senator Strom Thur-mond, Senator Bob Dole and President George H.W. Bush. Mr. Johnson was chair-man of Augusta National Golf Club and chairman of the Masters Tournament from 1998–2006 and chairman emeritus from 2006– present. He held memberships in Biltmore Forest Country Club, Forest Lake Club, the Palmetto Club, the Flamenco Club and the Centurion Club. Memorials may be made to the USC Moore School of Business. Dunbar Funeral Home, Devine Street Chapel, is as-sisting the family. In addition to his wife, Pierrine, Mr. Johnson is survived by daugh-ters and sons-in-law, Jennifer and Chuck Todd, and Marie and John Fairey, all of Co-lumbia, Sally and Ronnie Wrenn of Char-lotte, and Jane and Dan Breeden of Spartanburg; grandchildren, Charlie Todd, Pierrine Todd Thomas, John Fairey, Jr., Harriett Fairey Gilmer, William Fairey, Holt Wrenn, Sarah Wrenn, Mary Breeden, Sally Breeden and Anne Breeden Pitt; great- granddaughters, Louise Thomas, Mabel Marie Gilmer, Florence Elizabeth Wrenn and Elsie Fairey; great-grandsons, Robert Gilmer, John Gilmer, John Fairey III, Wil-lard Fairey, Gage Fairey, William Thomas, Charles Todd IV and Dewey Wrenn. In addi-tion to his parents, he was preceded in death 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:57 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY8.008 E17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1004 July 17, 2017 
by his sister, Dorothy Ellington, and his brother, D. Wellsman Johnson. f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, July 18, 2017 may be found in the Daily Di-gest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
JULY 19 9 a.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Susan M. Gordon, of Virginia, to be Principal Deputy Director of Na-tional Intelligence, Robert P. Storch, of the District of Columbia, to be In-spector General of the National Secu-rity Agency, Department of Defense, and Isabel Marie Keenan Patelunas, of Pennsylvania, to be Assistant Sec-retary for Intelligence and Analysis, Department of the Treasury. SH–216 9:30 a.m. Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe To hold hearings to examine illicit ciga-rette smuggling in the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe region. SD–106 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Ajit Varadaraj Pai, of Kansas, Jessica Rosenworcel, of Connecticut, and Brendan Carr, of Virginia, each to be a Member of the Federal Commu-nications Commission. SD–G50 Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources Subcommittee on National Parks To hold hearings to examine S. 257, to clarify the boundary of Acadia Na-tional Park, S. 312, to redesignate the Saint-Gaudens National Historic Site as the ‘‘Saint-Gaudens National Histor-ical Park’’, S. 355, to amend the Fed-eral Lands Recreation Enhancement Act to provide for a lifetime National Recreational Pass for any veteran with a service-connected disability, S. 391, to establish the African Burial Ground International Memorial Museum and Educational Center in New York, New York, S. 841, to designate the Veterans Memorial and Museum in Columbus, Ohio, as the National Veterans Memo-rial and Museum, S. 926, to authorize the Global War on Terror Memorial Foundation to establish the National Global War on Terrorism Memorial as a commemorative work in the District of Columbia, S. 1073, to authorize Escambia County, Florida, to convey certain property that was formerly part of Santa Rosa Island National Monument and that was conveyed to Escambia County subject to restric-tions on use and reconveyance, S. 1202, to modify the boundary of the Little Rock Central High School National Historic Site, S. 1403, to amend the Public Lands Corps Act of 1993 to es-tablish the 21st Century Conservation Service Corps to place youth and vet-erans in national service positions to conserve, restore, and enhance the great outdoors of the United States, S. 1438, to redesignate the Jefferson Na-tional Expansion Memorial in the State of Missouri as the ‘‘Gateway Arch National Park’’, S. 1459, to estab-lish Fort Sumter and Fort Moultrie National Park in the State of South Carolina, and S. 1522, to establish an Every Kid Outdoors program. SD–366 Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine S. 1514, to amend certain Acts to reauthorize those Acts and to increase protections for wildlife. SD–406 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Business meeting to consider the nomi-nations of Marvin Kaplan, of Kansas, and William J. Emanuel, of California, both to be a Member of the National Labor Relations Board. SD–430 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Business meeting to consider the nomi-nation of David P. Pekoske, of Mary-land, to be an Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine the Postal Service’s actions during the 2016 campaign season, focusing on implica-tions for the Hatch Act. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Department of Justice’s enforce-ment of the Foreign Agents Registra-tion Act. SD–226 1:30 p.m. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Thomas G. Bowman, of Flor-ida, to be Deputy Secretary, Brooks D. Tucker, of Maryland, to be an Assist-ant Secretary (Congressional and Leg-islative Affairs), and James Byrne, of Virginia, to be General Counsel, all of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and Michael P. Allen, of Florida, Amanda L. Meredith, of Virginia, and Joseph L. Toth, of Wisconsin, each to be a Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims. SR–418 2 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Luis E. Arreaga, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Gua-temala, and Sharon Day, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Costa Rica, both of the Department of State. SD–419 Select Committee on Intelligence To hold closed hearings to examine cer-tain intelligence matters. SH–219 4:15 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Western Hemisphere, Transnational Crime, Civilian Secu-rity, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global Women’s Issues To hold hearings to examine the collapse of the rule of law in Venezuela, focus-ing on what the United States and the international community can do to re-store democracy. SD–419 JULY 20 Time to be announced Committee on Veterans’ Affairs Business meeting to consider the nomi-nations of Thomas G. Bowman, of Flor-ida, to be Deputy Secretary, Brooks D. Tucker, of Maryland, to be an Assist-ant Secretary (Congressional and Leg-islative Affairs), and James Byrne, of Virginia, to be General Counsel, all of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and Michael P. Allen, of Florida, Amanda L. Meredith, of Virginia, and Joseph L. Toth, of Wisconsin, each to be a Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims. TBA 9:30 a.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Kay Bailey Hutchison, of Texas, to be United States Permanent Representative on the Council of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, with the rank and status of Ambas-sador, Kelly Knight Craft, of Kentucky, to be Ambassador to Canada, and Rob-ert Wood Johnson IV, of New York, to be Ambassador to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, all of the Department of State. SD–419 Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider the nomi-nations of Christopher A. Wray, of Georgia, to be Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Jeffrey Bossert Clark, of Virginia, and Beth Ann Williams, of New Jersey, both to be an Assistant Attorney General, and John W. Huber, to be United States At-torney for the District of Utah, all of the Department of Justice, and Trevor N. McFadden, of Virginia, to be United States District Judge for the District of Columbia. SD–226 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine housing fi-nance reform, focusing on maintaining access for small lenders. SD–538 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Communications, Tech-nology, Innovation, and the Internet To hold hearings to examine an update on FirstNet. SR–253 Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Brenda Burman, of Arizona, to be Commissioner of Reclamation, and Susan Combs, of Texas, and Douglas W. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:57 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17JY8.011 E17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1005 July 17, 2017 
Domenech, of Virginia, both to be an Assistant Secretary, all of the Depart-ment of the Interior, and Paul Dabbar, of New York, to be Under Secretary for Science, David S. Jonas, of Virginia, to be General Counsel, and Mark Wesley Menezes, of Virginia, to be Under Sec-retary, all of the Department of En-ergy. SD–366 Committee on Environment and Public Works Subcommittee on Fisheries, Water, and Wildlife To hold hearings to examine innovative financing and funding, focusing on ad-dressing America’s crumbling water in-frastructure. SD–406 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Business meeting to markup an original bill entitled, ‘‘Energy and Water Devel-opment Appropriations Act, 2018’’, an original bill entitled ‘‘Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Ad-ministration, and Related Agencies Ap-propriations Act, 2018’’, and sub-committee funding guidance. SD–106 2 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To hold closed hearings to examine cer-tain intelligence matters. SH–219 JULY 25 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on SeaPower To hold hearings to receive testimony on options and considerations for achiev-ing a 355-ship Navy from naval ana-lysts. SR–222 JULY 26 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining To hold hearings to examine S. 32, to provide for conservation, enhanced recreation opportunities, and develop-ment of renewable energy in the Cali-fornia Desert Conservation Area, S. 90, to survey the gradient boundary along the Red River in the States of Okla-homa and Texas, S. 357, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to convey cer-tain public lands in San Bernardino County, California, to the San Bernardino Valley Water Conservation District, and to accept in return cer-tain exchanged non-public lands, S. 436, to authorize the Secretary of the Inte-rior to retire coal preference right lease applications for which the Sec-retary has made an affirmative com-mercial quantities determination, to substitute certain land selections of the Navajo Nation, to designate certain wilderness areas, S. 467, to provide for the disposal of certain Bureau of Land Management land in Mohave County, Arizona, S. 468, to establish a procedure for resolving claims to certain rights- of-way, S. 614, to require the Secretary of the Interior to establish a pilot pro-gram for commercial recreation con-cessions on certain land managed by the Bureau of Land Management, S. 785, to amend the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act to provide for equitable allotment of land to Alaska Native vet-erans, S. 837, to provide for the convey-ance of certain land to Washington County, Utah, to authorize the ex-change of Federal land and non-Federal land in the State of Utah, S. 884, to amend the Omnibus Budget Reconcili-ation Act of 1993 to require the Bureau of Land Management to provide a claimant of a small miner waiver from claim maintenance fees with a period of 60 days after written receipt of 1 or more defects is provided to the claim-ant by registered mail to cure the 1 or more defects or pay the claim mainte-nance fee, S. 941, to withdraw certain National Forest System land in the Emigrant Crevice area located in the Custer Gallatin National Forest, Park County, Montana, from the mining and mineral leasing laws of the United States, S. 1149, to amend the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act to re-peal a provision limiting the export of timber harvested from land conveyed to the Kake Tribal Corporation under that Act, S. 1230, to prohibit the condi-tioning of any permit, lease, or other use agreement on the transfer of any water right to the United States by the Secretaries of the Interior and Agri-culture, S. 1271, to designate certain mountain peaks in the State of Colo-rado as ‘‘Fowler Peak’’ and ‘‘Boskoff Peak’’, and S. 1548, to designate certain land administered by the Bureau of Land Management and the Forest Service in the State of Oregon as wil-derness and national recreation areas and to make additional wild and scenic river designations in the State of Or-egon. SD–366 2:30 p.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Permanent Subcommittee on Investiga-tions To hold an oversight hearing to examine Federal infrastructure permitting and the Federal Permitting Improvement Steering Council. SD–342 Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Government Accountability Office reports on human trafficking of Amer-ican Indian and Alaska Natives in the United States. SD–628 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:57 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M17JY8.000 E17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with REMARKS
D782 Monday, July 17, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S4009–S4027 Measures Introduced: Four bills were introduced, as follows: S. 1568–1571.
                                     Page S4026 
Appointments: Women’s Suffrage Centennial Commission: The Chair, on behalf of the Democratic Leader, pursuant to the provisions of Public Law 115–31, appointed the following individuals to serve as members of the Women’s Suffrage Centennial Commission: The Honorable Barbara A. Mikulski of Maryland, Karen V. Hill of New York.
                                             Page S4027 
Shanahan Nomination—Agreement: Senate re-sumed consideration of the nomination of Patrick M. Shanahan, of Washington, to be Deputy Secretary of Defense.
                                               Pages S4010–15, S4016–20 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 88 yeas to 6 nays (Vote No. 161), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                          Pages S4016–17 
A unanimous-consent-time agreement was reached providing that at 12 noon, on Tuesday, July 18, 2017, there be 15 minutes of post-cloture debate, equally divided in the usual form, on the nomina-tion, and that following the use or yielding back of that time, Senate vote on confirmation of the nomi-nation, and that if the nomination is confirmed, Sen-ate immediately resume consideration of the nomina-tion of John Kenneth Bush, of Kentucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit. 
                                                                                            Page S4020 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination, post-cloture, at approximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, July 18, 2017.
                                                             Page S4027 
Bush Nomination—Cloture: Senate began consid-eration of the nomination of John Kenneth Bush, of Kentucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit.
                                                               Page S4015 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Patrick M. Shanahan, of Wash-ington, to be Deputy Secretary of Defense.                                                                                             Page S4015 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S4015 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S4015 
Bernhardt Nomination—Cloture: Senate began consideration of the nomination of David Bernhardt, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of the Interior. 
                                                                                            Page S4015 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of John Kenneth Bush, of Ken-tucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit.
                                                       Pages S4015–16 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S4015 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S4015 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S4024 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S4024–26 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S4026–27 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S4022–24 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S4027 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—161)
                                                        Pages S4016–17 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-journed at 7:06 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, July 18, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S4027.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:12 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17JY7.REC D17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D783 July 17, 2017 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE BUDGET Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the President’s proposed budg-et request for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of State and State Department reorganization plans, after receiving testimony from John Sullivan, Deputy Secretary of State. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 11 pub-lic bills, H.R. 3262–3265, 3269–3275; and 1 reso-lution, H. Res. 452, were introduced.
    Pages H5919–20 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H5921 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 2910, to provide for Federal and State agen-cy coordination in the approval of certain authoriza-tions under the Natural Gas Act, and for other pur-poses (H. Rept. 115–223); H.R. 3050, to amend the Energy Policy and Con-servation Act to provide Federal financial assistance to States to implement, review, and revise State en-ergy security plans, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–224); H.R. 2883, to establish a more uniform, trans-parent, and modern process to authorize the con-struction, connection, operation, and maintenance of international border-crossing facilities for the import and export of oil and natural gas and the trans-mission of electricity, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–225, Part 1); H.R. 1351, to amend title 49, United States Code, to direct the Administrator of the Transpor-tation Security Administration (TSA) to make cer-tain improvements in managing TSA’s employee misconduct, and for other purposes, with an amend-ment (H. Rept. 115–226); H.J. Res. 76, granting the consent and approval of Congress for the Commonwealth of Virginia, the State of Maryland, and the District of Columbia to enter into a compact relating to the establishment of the Washington Metrorail Safety Commission, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–227); H.J. Res. 92, granting the consent and approval of Congress for the Commonwealth of Virginia, the State of Maryland, and the District of Columbia to amend the Washington Area Transit Regulation Compact (H. Rept. 115–228); H. Res. 451, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 806) to facilitate efficient State implemen-tation of ground-level ozone standards, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–229); H.R. 3266, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other pur-poses (H. Rept. 115–230); H.R. 3267, making appropriations for the Depart-ments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–231); and H.R. 3268, making appropriations for Agri-culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Admin-istration, and Related Agencies programs for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–232).
                            Page H5919 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Taylor to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H5887 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:18 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H5889 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:07 p.m. and recon-vened at 4:45 p.m.
                                                   Page H5890 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Designating the community living center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Butler Town-ship, Butler County, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Ser-geant Joseph George Kusick VA Community Liv-ing Center’’: H.R. 2210, to designate the commu-nity living center of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs in Butler Township, Butler County, Pennsyl-vania, as the ‘‘Sergeant Joseph George Kusick VA Community Living Center’’, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 401 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 379;
                                                             Pages H5890–92, H5901 
Granting the consent and approval of Congress for the Commonwealth of Virginia, the State of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:12 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17JY7.REC D17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD784 July 17, 2017 
Maryland, and the District of Columbia to amend the Washington Area Transit Regulation Compact: H.J. Res. 92, granting the consent and approval of Congress for the Commonwealth of Virginia, the State of Maryland, and the District of Columbia to amend the Washington Area Transit Regulation Compact, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 402 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 380; and 
                                                                Pages H5892–94, H5901–02 
Granting the consent and approval of Congress for the Commonwealth of Virginia, the State of Maryland, and the District of Columbia to enter into a compact relating to the establishment of the Washington Metrorail Safety Commission: H.J. Res. 76, amended, granting the consent and approval of Congress for the Commonwealth of Virginia, the State of Maryland, and the District of Columbia to enter into a compact relating to the establishment of the Washington Metrorail Safety Commission, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 399 yeas to 5 nays, Roll No. 381;
                                                Pages H5894–H5900, H5902–03 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘Grant-ing the consent and approval of Congress for the Commonwealth of Virginia, the State of Maryland, and the District of Columbia to enter into a compact relating to the establishment of the Washington Metrorail Safety Commission.’’.
                         Page H5903 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:40 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H5901 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H5901, H5901–02, and H5902–03. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 9:21 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Appropriations: Full Committee held a markup on the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill, FY 2018. The Subcommittee on Transpor-tation, Housing and Urban Development, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Bill, FY 2018 was or-dered reported, as amended. OZONE STANDARDS IMPLEMENTATION ACT OF 2017 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 806, the ‘‘Ozone Standards Implementation Act of 2017’’. The Committee granted, by record vote of 6–3, a structured rule for H.R. 806. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for purpose of amendment an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–26 and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the re-port, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amend-ments printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. Testimony was heard from Representatives Shimkus, Tonko, Olson, Cooper and Polis. LEGISLATIVE MEASURE Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 3218, the ‘‘Harry W. Colmery Vet-eran Educational Assistance Act of 2017’’. Testi-mony was heard from Leader McCarthy, Representa-tives Takano, Bilirakis, Peters, Coffman, Wenstrup, Rutherford, Banks of Indiana, Messer, and Cook; Curtis L. Coy, Deputy Under Secretary for Economic Opportunity, Veterans Benefits Administration, De-partment of Veterans Affairs; and public witnesses. Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, JULY 18, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Agri-culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administra-tion, and Related Agencies, business meeting to mark up an original bill entitled, ‘‘Agriculture, Rural Develop-ment, Food and Drug Administration and Related Agen-cies Appropriations Act, 2018’’, 10:30 a.m., SD–124. Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, business meeting to mark up an original bill entitled, ‘‘Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018’’, 2:30 p.m., SD–138. Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine the nomination of General Paul J. Selva, USAF, for re-appointment to the grade of general and reappointment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Oct 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD17\JULY\D17JY7.REC D17JY7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D785 July 17, 2017 to be Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of John H. Gibson II, of Texas, to be Dep-uty Chief Management Officer, Ellen M. Lord, of Rhode Island, to be Under Secretary for Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics, Lucian Niemeyer, of Pennsylvania, to be an Assistant Secretary, and Matthew P. Donovan, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary of the Air Force, all of the Department of Defense, 2:30 p.m., SD–G50. Subcommittee on Seapower, to hold hearings to receive testimony on options and considerations for achieving a 355-ship Navy from former Reagan administration offi-cials, 4 p.m., SR–222. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of J. Paul Compton, Jr., of Alabama, to be General Counsel, and Anna Maria Farias, of Texas, and Neal J. Rackleff, of Texas, both to be an Assistant Secretary, all of the De-partment of Housing and Urban Development, Richard Ashooh, of New Hampshire, to be an Assistant Secretary, and Elizabeth Erin Walsh, of the District of Columbia, to be Assistant Secretary and Director General of the United States and Foreign Commercial Service, both of the Department of Commerce, and Christopher Campbell, of California, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-ings to examine the status and outlook for United States and North American energy and resource security, 10:30 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine com-prehensive tax reform, focusing on prospects and chal-lenges, 9 a.m., SD–215. Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nom-ination of David J. Kautter, of Virginia, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of the Treasury, 11 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine the nominations of Callista L. Gingrich, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Holy See, Nathan Alexander Sales, of Ohio, to be Coordinator for Counterterrorism, with the rank and status of Ambassador at Large, George Edward Glass, of Oregon, to be Ambassador to the Por-tuguese Republic, and Carl C. Risch, of Pennsylvania, to be an Assistant Secretary (Consular Affairs), all of the De-partment of State, 10 a.m., SD–419. Subcommittee on Multilateral International Develop-ment, Multilateral Institutions, and International Eco-nomic, Energy, and Environmental Policy, to hold hear-ings to examine ‘‘The Four Famines’’, focusing on root causes and a multilateral action plan, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing on certain intelligence matters, 3:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Subcommittee on Nutrition, hearing entitled ‘‘The Next Farm Bill: Pathways to Suc-cess for SNAP Households’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Appropriations, Full Committee, markup on the Subcommittee on Homeland Security Appropriations Bill, FY 2018; and the Subcommittee on Interior, Envi-ronment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill, FY 2018, 10:30 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. Committee on Education and the Workforce, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘ESSA Implementation: Explor-ing State and Local Reform Efforts’’, 10 a.m. 2175 Ray-burn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-ergy, hearing entitled ‘‘Powering America: Examining the State of the Electric Industry through Market Participant Perspectives’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining HRSA’s Oversight of the 340B Drug Pricing Program’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Capital Markets, Securities, and Investment, hearing entitled ‘‘The Cost of Being a Public Company in Light of Sar-banes-Oxley and the Federalization of Corporate Govern-ance’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Terrorism and Illicit Finance, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Managing Terrorism Financing Risk in Re-mittances and Money Transfers’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Implementing the Glob-al Food Security Act’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on House Administration, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Transforming GPO for the 21st Cen-tury and Beyond: Part 2’’, 10:30 a.m., 1310 Longworth. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Over-sight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Impacts of Federal Natural Resources Laws Gone Astray, Part II’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Promoting Onshore Oil and Gas Develop-ment in Alaska’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 218, the ‘‘King Cove Road Land Exchange Act’’; H.R. 2910, the ‘‘Promoting Interagency Coordination for Re-view of Natural Gas Pipelines Act’’; and H.R. 2883, the ‘‘Promoting Cross-Border Energy Infrastructure Act’’, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Space, hearing entitled ‘‘Planetary Flagship Missions: Mars Rover 2020 and Europa Clipper’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub- committee on Highways and Transit, hearing entitled ‘‘FAST Act Implementation: Improving the Safety of the Nation’s Roads’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Modernization of the North American Free Trade Agreement’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:12 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17JY7.REC D17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD786 July 17, 2017 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of July 18 through July 21, 2017 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, Senate will continue consideration of the nomination of Patrick M. Shanahan, of Wash-ington, to be Deputy Secretary of Defense, post-clo-ture, with a vote on confirmation of the nomination at approximately 12:15 p.m. Upon disposition of the nomination of Patrick M. Shanahan, of Washington, to be Deputy Secretary of Defense, Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of John Kenneth Bush, of Kentucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit, with a vote on the motion to invoke cloture thereon. Upon disposition of the nomination of John Ken-neth Bush, of Kentucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit, Senate will resume con-sideration of the nomination of David Bernhardt, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of the Interior, with a vote on the motion to invoke cloture thereon. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Appropriations: July 18, Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Admin-istration, and Related Agencies, business meeting to markup an original bill entitled, ‘‘Agriculture, Rural De-velopment, Food and Drug Administration and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018’’, 10:30 a.m., SD–124. July 18, Subcommittee on Energy and Water Develop-ment, business meeting to mark up an original bill enti-tled, ‘‘Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018’’, 2:30 p.m., SD–138. July 20, Full Committee, business meeting to mark up an original bill entitled, ‘‘Energy and Water Develop-ment Appropriations Act, 2018’’, an original bill entitled ‘‘Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Ad-ministration, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018’’, and subcommittee funding guidance, 10:30 a.m., SD–106. Committee on Armed Services: July 18, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of General Paul J. Selva, USAF, for reappointment to the grade of general and re-appointment to be Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. July 18, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of John H. Gibson II, of Texas, to be Deputy Chief Management Officer, Ellen M. Lord, of Rhode Island, to be Under Secretary for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, Lucian Niemeyer, of Pennsyl-vania, to be an Assistant Secretary, and Matthew P. Donovan, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary of the Air Force, all of the Department of Defense, 2:30 p.m., SD–G50. July 18, Subcommittee on SeaPower, to hold hearings to receive testimony on options and considerations for achieving a 355-ship Navy from former Reagan adminis-tration officials, 4 p.m., SR–222. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: July 18, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of J. Paul Compton, Jr., of Alabama, to be General Counsel, and Anna Maria Farias, of Texas, and Neal J. Rackleff, of Texas, both to be an Assistant Secretary, all of the De-partment of Housing and Urban Development, Richard Ashooh, of New Hampshire, to be an Assistant Secretary, and Elizabeth Erin Walsh, of the District of Columbia, to be Assistant Secretary and Director General of the United States and Foreign Commercial Service, both of the Department of Commerce, and Christopher Campbell, of California, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, 10 a.m., SD–538. July 20, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine housing finance reform, focusing on maintaining access for small lenders, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: July 19, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Ajit Varadaraj Pai, of Kansas, Jessica Rosenworcel, of Con-necticut, and Brendan Carr, of Virginia, each to be a Member of the Federal Communications Commission, 10 a.m., SD–G50. July 20, Subcommittee on Communications, Tech-nology, Innovation, and the Internet, to hold hearings to examine an update on FirstNet, 10 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: July 18, to hold hearings to examine the status and outlook for United States and North American energy and resource security, 10:30 a.m., SD–366. July 19, Subcommittee on National Parks, to hold hearings to examine S. 257, to clarify the boundary of Acadia National Park, S. 312, to redesignate the Saint- Gaudens National Historic Site as the ‘‘Saint-Gaudens National Historical Park’’, S. 355, to amend the Federal Lands Recreation Enhancement Act to provide for a life-time National Recreational Pass for any veteran with a service-connected disability, S. 391, to establish the Afri-can Burial Ground International Memorial Museum and Educational Center in New York, New York, S. 841, to designate the Veterans Memorial and Museum in Colum-bus, Ohio, as the National Veterans Memorial and Mu-seum, S. 926, to authorize the Global War on Terror Me-morial Foundation to establish the National Global War on Terrorism Memorial as a commemorative work in the District of Columbia, S. 1073, to authorize Escambia County, Florida, to convey certain property that was for-merly part of Santa Rosa Island National Monument and that was conveyed to Escambia County subject to restric-tions on use and reconveyance, S. 1202, to modify the boundary of the Little Rock Central High School Na-tional Historic Site, S. 1403, to amend the Public Lands Corps Act of 1993 to establish the 21st Century Con-servation Service Corps to place youth and veterans in na-tional service positions to conserve, restore, and enhance the great outdoors of the United States, S. 1438, to re-designate the Jefferson National Expansion Memorial in the State of Missouri as the ‘‘Gateway Arch National 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:12 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17JY7.REC D17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D787 July 17, 2017 Park’’, S. 1459, to establish Fort Sumter and Fort Moultrie National Park in the State of South Carolina, and S. 1522, to establish an Every Kid Outdoors pro-gram, 10 a.m., SD–366. July 20, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Brenda Burman, of Arizona, to be Commissioner of Reclamation, and Susan Combs, of Texas, and Douglas W. Domenech, of Virginia, both to be an Assistant Secretary, all of the Department of the Interior, and Paul Dabbar, of New York, to be Under Secretary for Science, David S. Jonas, of Virginia, to be General Counsel, and Mark Wesley Menezes, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary, all of the Department of Energy, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: July 19, to hold hearings to examine S. 1514, to amend certain Acts to reauthorize those Acts and to increase protections for wildlife, 10 a.m., SD–406. July 20, Subcommittee on Fisheries, Water, and Wild-life, to hold hearings to examine innovative financing and funding, focusing on addressing America’s crumbling water infrastructure, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: July 18, to hold hearings to ex-amine comprehensive tax reform, focusing on prospects and challenges, 9 a.m., SD–215. July 18, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of David J. Kautter, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, 11 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: July 18, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Callista L. Gingrich, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Holy See, Nathan Alexander Sales, of Ohio, to be Coordinator for Counter-terrorism, with the rank and status of Ambassador at Large, George Edward Glass, of Oregon, to be Ambas-sador to the Portuguese Republic, and Carl C. Risch, of Pennsylvania, to be an Assistant Secretary (Consular Af-fairs), all of the Department of State, 10 a.m., SD–419. July 18, Subcommittee on Multilateral International Development, Multilateral Institutions, and International Economic, Energy, and Environmental Policy, to hold hearings to examine ‘‘The Four Famines’’, focusing on root causes and a multilateral action plan, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. July 19, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Luis E. Arreaga, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Guatemala, and Sharon Day, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Costa Rica, both of the Department of State, 2 p.m., SD–419. July 19, Subcommittee on Western Hemisphere, Transnational Crime, Civilian Security, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global Women’s Issues, to hold hearings to examine the collapse of the rule of law in Venezuela, focusing on what the United States and the international community can do to restore democracy, 4:15 p.m., SD–419. July 20, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Kay Bailey Hutchison, of Texas, to be United States Permanent Representative on the Council of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, with the rank and status of Ambassador, Kelly Knight Craft, of Ken-tucky, to be Ambassador to Canada, and Robert Wood Johnson IV, of New York, to be Ambassador to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, all of the Department of State, 9:30 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: July 19, business meeting to consider the nominations of Marvin Kaplan, of Kansas, and William J. Emanuel, of California, both to be a Member of the National Labor Relations Board, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: July 19, business meeting to consider the nomination of David P. Pekoske, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Sec-retary of Homeland Security; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine the Postal Service’s actions dur-ing the 2016 campaign season, focusing on implications for the Hatch Act, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: July 19, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Department of Justice’s enforce-ment of the Foreign Agents Registration Act, 10 a.m., SD–226. July 20, Full Committee, business meeting to consider the nominations of Christopher A. Wray, of Georgia, to be Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Jeffrey Bossert Clark, of Virginia, and Beth Ann Williams, of New Jersey, both to be an Assistant Attorney General, and John W. Huber, to be United States Attorney for the District of Utah, all of the Department of Justice, and Trevor N. McFadden, of Virginia, to be United States District Judge for the District of Columbia, 9:30 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: July 19, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Thomas G. Bowman, of Florida, to be Deputy Secretary, Brooks D. Tucker, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary (Congressional and Legislative Affairs), and James Byrne, of Virginia, to be General Counsel, all of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and Michael P. Allen, of Florida, Amanda L. Mere-dith, of Virginia, and Joseph L. Toth, of Wisconsin, each to be a Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims, 1:30 p.m., SR–418. July 20, Full Committee, business meeting to consider the nominations of Thomas G. Bowman, of Florida, to be Deputy Secretary, Brooks D. Tucker, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary (Congressional and Legislative Af-fairs), and James Byrne, of Virginia, to be General Coun-sel, all of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and Mi-chael P. Allen, of Florida, Amanda L. Meredith, of Vir-ginia, and Joseph L. Toth, of Wisconsin, each to be a Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims, Time to be announced, Room to be announced. Select Committee on Intelligence: July 18, to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 3:30 p.m., SH–219. July 19, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Susan M. Gordon, of Virginia, to be Principal Deputy Director of National Intelligence, Rob-ert P. Storch, of the District of Columbia, to be Inspector General of the National Security Agency, Department of Defense, and Isabel Marie Keenan Patelunas, of Pennsyl-vania, to be Assistant Secretary for Intelligence and Anal-ysis, Department of the Treasury, 9 a.m., SH–216. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:12 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17JY7.REC D17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD788 July 17, 2017 July 19, Full Committee, to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. July 20, Full Committee, to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
Committee on Agriculture, July 19, Full Committee, hear-ing entitled ‘‘The State of Infrastructure in Rural Amer-ica’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Appropriations, July 19, Full Committee, markup on the Subcommittee on State, Foreign Oper-ations, and Related Programs Appropriations Bill, FY 2018; and the Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies Appro-priations Bill, FY 2018, 10 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. Committee on the Budget, July 19, Full Committee, markup on the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2018, 10 a.m., 1334 Longworth. Committee on Education and the Workforce, July 19, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 2823, the ‘‘Affordable Re-tirement Advice for Savers Act’’, 2:30 p.m., 2175 Ray-burn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, July 20, Sub-committee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Bi-partisan Legislation to Improve the Medicare Program’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, July 19, Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Restrict-ing North Korea’s Access to Finance’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Ray-burn. July 20, Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Monetary Policy v. Fiscal Policy: Risks to Price Stability and the Economy’’, 9:30 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, July 19, Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, hearing entitled ‘‘Imple-menting the U.S.-Caribbean Strategic Engagement Act’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. July 19, Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade, markup on H.R. 425, the ‘‘FTO Passport Revocation Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 1196, the ‘‘Counter-terrorism Screening and Assistance Act of 2017’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. July 19, Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, hearing entitled ‘‘Saudi Arabia’s Troubling Educational Curriculum’’, 2:15 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. Committee on the Judiciary, July 19, Subcommittee on Immigration and Border Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Agri-cultural Guestworkers: Meeting the Growing Needs of American Agriculture’’, 2 p.m., 2141 Rayburn. July 20, Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Home-land Security, and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Gangs in Our Communities: Drugs, Human Trafficking, and Violence’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, July 19, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 424, the ‘‘Gray Wolf State Man-agement Act of 2017’’; H.R. 717, the ‘‘Listing Reform Act’’; H.R. 1274, the ‘‘State, Tribal, and Local Species Transparency and Recovery Act’’; H.R. 2603, the ‘‘SAVES Act’’; and H.R. 3131, the ‘‘Endangered Species Litigation Reasonableness Act’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Long-worth. July 19, Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans, hearing entitled ‘‘Exploring the Successes and Challenges of the Magnuson-Stevens Act’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. July 20, Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Re-sources, hearing entitled ‘‘Seeking Innovative Solutions for the Future of Hardrock Mining’’, 9 a.m., 1324 Long-worth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, July 19, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 378, the ‘‘Bonuses for Cost-Cutters Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1132, the ‘‘Political Ap-pointee Burrowing Prevention Act’’; H.R. 2897, to au-thorize the Mayor of the District of Columbia and the Director of the National Park Service to enter into coop-erative management agreements for the operation, main-tenance, and management of units of the National Park System in the District of Columbia, and for other pur-poses; H.R. 2989, the ‘‘Frederick Douglass Bicentennial Commission Act’’; H.R. 3031, the ‘‘TSP Modernization Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3210, the ‘‘Securely Expediting Clearances Through Reporting Transparency Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3243, the ‘‘FITARA Enhancement Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 3244, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for annual surveys of Federal employees, and for other purposes, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, July 19, Full Committee, hearing on ‘‘Energy Innovation: Letting Technology Lead’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, July 19, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Reversing the Entrepreneurship De-cline’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. July 20, Subcommittee on Agriculture, Energy, and Trade; and Subcommittee on Health and Technology, joint hearing entitled, ‘‘21st Century Medicine: How Telehealth Can Help Rural Communities’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, July 19, Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘Building a 21st Century Infrastructure for America: Implementation of the Water Resources Re-form and Development Act of 2014 and the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2016’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Ray-burn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, July 19, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 95, the ‘‘Veterans’ Access to Child Care Act’’; H.R. 282, the ‘‘Military Residency Choice Act’’; H.R. 918, the ‘‘Veteran Urgent Access to Mental Healthcare Act’’; H.R. 1058, the ‘‘VA Provider Equity Act’’; H.R. 1690, the ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs Bonus Transparency Act’’; H.R. 1848, the ‘‘Veterans Af-fairs Medical Scribe Pilot Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2006, the ‘‘VA Procurement Efficiency and Transparency Act’’; H.R. 2749, the ‘‘Protecting Business Opportunities for Veterans Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2772, the ‘‘SEA Act’’; H.R. 2781, the ‘‘Ensuring Veteran Enterprise Participation in Strategic Sourcing Act’’; H.R. 3218, the ‘‘Harry W. Colmery Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2017’’; and to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to provide educational assistance to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:12 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17JY7.REC D17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D789 July 17, 2017 certain former members of the Armed Forces for edu-cation and training as physician assistants of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, to establish pay grades and re-quire competitive pay for physician assistants of the De-partment, and for other purposes, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, July 19, Subcommittee on Oversight, hearing entitled ‘‘Efforts to Combat Waste, Fraud, and Abuse in the Medicare Program’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. July 19, Subcommittee on Tax Policy, hearing entitled ‘‘How Tax Reform Will Simplify Our Broken Tax Code and Help Individuals and Families’’, 2 p.m., 1100 Long-worth. 
Joint Meetings 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: July 19, to hold hearings to examine illicit cigarette smuggling in the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe region, 9:30 a.m., SD–106. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:12 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17JY7.REC D17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD790 July 17, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, July 18 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of Patrick M. Shanahan, of Washington, to be Deputy Secretary of Defense, post-clo-ture, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at ap-proximately 12:15 p.m. Following disposition of the nomination of Patrick M. Shanahan, Senate will continue consideration of the nomi-nation of John Kenneth Bush, of Kentucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit. (Senate will recess following the continued consideration of the nomination of John Kenneth Bush until 2:15 p.m. for their re-spective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Tuesday, July 18 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of H.R. 806—Ozone Standards Implementation Act of 2017 (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of the following bills under suspension of the Rules: (1) H.R. 2786— To amend the Federal Power Act with respect to the criteria and process to qualify as a qualifying conduit hydropower facility; (2) H.R. 2828—To extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hy-droelectric project; and (3) H.R. 3050—Enhancing State Energy Security Planning and Emergency Pre-paredness Act of 2017. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E1002 Brady, Robert A., Pa., E1003 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E1001 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E1001, E1003 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E1002 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E999 McClintock, Tom, Calif., E1001 Panetta, Jimmy, Calif., E999 Payne, Donald M., Jr., N.J., E999 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E999 Shimkus, John, Ill., E1002 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E1000 Waters, Maxine, Calif., E1001 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E1003 Zeldin, Lee M., N.Y., E1000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:12 Jul 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17JY7.REC D17JYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with DIGEST