Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, today I honor His Holiness Mahant Swami Maharaj, the new spiritual leader and guru of the Bochasanwasi Akshar Purushottam Sanstha (BAPS)—a global Hindu socio-spir-itual organization—as he makes a historically important visit to BAPS devotees across North America. BAPS is an impactful organization, aiming to preserve the values of family unity, selfless service, interfaith harmony and peaceful coex-istence. They reach these goals through var-ious activities and endeavors centered around spirituality, character-building, and human wel-fare. This often includes large-scale charitable events, community outreach activities, and in- depth educational programs for young people. His Holiness Mahant Swami Maharaj is now the sixth guru of BAPS, having being blessed by Pramukh Swami Maharaj as his successor. His Holiness has been an enthusiastic dev-otee of BAPS since his youth, having taken diksha (i.e. being appointed a saint) in 1961. Over time, his outstanding virtues of austerity, self-control, devotion, humility and service have earned him his affectionate title. Fol-lowing in Pramukh Swami’s footsteps, Mahant Swami has pledged to propagate peace, espe-cially in a time of unrest in the world. Every time I visit the beautiful BAPS Mandir in Bartlett, Illinois and visit with their devotees and volunteers there, I am reminded of the ex-cellent virtues that BAPS represents and that America should celebrate. I honor His Holiness Mahant Swami Maharaj, the spiritual leader and guru of the BAPS Swaminarayan Sanstha organization. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ADAM SMITH 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 3, 2017 Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, on Thursday, June 29, 2017, I was unable to record my Roll Call vote. Had I been present, I would have voted YES on Roll Call vote No. 341, on the motion to recommit H.R. 3003, with instructions. 
f 
HONORING IVAN LEE WELTY 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 3, 2017 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Ivan Lee Welty, as he retires from a 45-year career as an engineer and land surveyor on the Mendocino Coast. Born in Hill City, Kansas, in 1942, Mr. Welty received his degree in Civil Engineering from Kansas State University before making his way to Mendocino, California. He distin-guished himself quickly by participating in ef-forts to establish the Class K Housing des-ignation that expanded affordable housing op-tions in rural Mendocino County. In 1975 he started his business, I.L. Welty and Associ-ates, which has provided engineering and de-sign services for more than 40 years. As a business owner, Mr. Welty provided pro bono engineering and design work to nu-merous nonprofits including the Mendocino Coast Botanical Gardens, the Humane Soci-ety, the Mendocino Coast Hospitality Center, the Kelley House Museum, and Habitat for Humanity. In addition to donating his time, Mr. Welty paid his staff to assist on many of these projects over the years. Mr. Welty married the love of his life, Sally, in 1974. Together they were active in many environmental and community issues. They helped found the Mendocino Land Trust and reinstitute the historic Mendocino Fourth of July Parade. They were also strong supporters of the Mendocino Whale Wars, in which com-munity members fought the international whal-ing fleets to end whaling in and around Cape Mendocino. The first Mendocino Whale War Festival, now the Mendocino Coast Whale Festival, swiftly became an annual tradition that continues today. Lee Welty’s career is one of dedicated serv-ice to his community and the environment. Please join me in congratulating him on his re-tirement and expressing our deep appreciation for his outstanding contributions to the Mendocino Coast. f 
CONGRATULATING REP. MIKE TYRON ON BEING NAMED GRAND MARSHAL OF THE CRYSTAL LAKE INDEPENDENCE PARADE 
HON. PETER J. ROSKAM 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 3, 2017 Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a dedicated public servant from the Sixth Congressional District of Illinois, Rep-resentative Mike Tyron of Crystal Lake. In July, he was named the Grand Marshal of the Crystal Lake 2017 Independence Parade. As a resident of Crystal Lake since 1983, Representative Tyron has served as a model citizen. He first entered public office in 1989 as a McHenry County Board member, and nine years later was unanimously selected to be its Chairman. He served in this capacity until being elected to the Illinois House of Representatives in 2004. During his tenure as a state representative, Representative Tyron was an exemplary lead-er and public servant. He spearheaded a re-writing of the tax-cap law to save taxpayers millions of dollars and close a loophole. He pushed an initiative to create an online trans-parency portal to list all state government sal-aries, contracts and expenditures, one of the first of its kind. He also helped create the county veterans’ courts. The specialized court allows returning veterans with post-traumatic stress disorder or other service-related disabil-ities who commit nonviolent offenses to re-ceive treatment and have charges dismissed upon successful completion of the program. Representative Tyron has represented McHenry County, Crystal Lake, and the sur-rounding community well. He has been a strong voice for the Village of Crystal Lake throughout his time in public office. His long service to the people of Crystal Lake and to Il-linois is truly commendable. Although he re-tired from public service in January, Crystal Lake will continue to benefit from his involve-ment as a member of the community. Mr. Speaker and distinguished colleagues, please join me in congratulating Representa-tive Mike Tyron on 28 years of public service, and on being named the Grand Marshal of the Crystal Lake 2017 Independence Parade. f 
HONORING JULES HERMAN SITRICK 
HON. JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 3, 2017 Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the wartime service of longtime resident of the Village of Morton Grove, Illinois. Earlier this month, the Consul General of France in Chicago, Vincent Floreani, recog-nized J. Herman Sitrick as a French Knight of the Legion of Honor. The award recognizes Mr. Sitrick’s extraordinary bravery and critical contribution to allied efforts to liberate France from Nazi occupation. Joining the United States Army as a teen-ager, Mr. Sitrick participated in the D-Day landings on the beaches of Normandy, helping to open a second allied front in occupied Eu-rope and suffering a shrapnel wound in the process. He fought with his unit as allied forces pushed back German forces across Eu-rope. In January 1945, Mr. Sitrick found himself stationed in the Ardennes Forest, participating in what history calls the Battle of the Bulge. It was during that action that Mr. Sitrick had the quick thinking and bravery to capture twenty- one German soldiers as they sought shelter from the biting cold—turning them over to rein-forcing units the next morning. I am forever grateful to J. Herman Sitrick for his service. We must not forget what he and so many other service members went through in World War II as they risked, and in many cases sacrificed, their lives to defend freedom. I also want to recognize the efforts of the French government, as they work to recognize 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Jul 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03JY8.001 E03JYPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE942 July 3, 2017 
veterans who have done their duty and de-serve recognition. I thank Mr. Sitrick for all that he’s done for our country. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF NATIONAL SCLERODERMA AWARENESS MONTH 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 3, 2017 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of National Scleroderma Aware-ness Month and on behalf of scleroderma pa-tients throughout the United States. Initiatives like Scleroderma Awareness Month help raise awareness about the disease while driving re-search and action that results in new treat-ments for this and other illnesses. Scleroderma is a chronic and disabling con-nective tissue and rheumatic disorder resulting from an overproduction of collagen in the skin, tissue, and underlying muscle. The disease manifests itself in two forms: localized scleroderma, effecting the skin and underlying tissue, and systemic scleroderma, also known as systemic sclerosis, a potentially life-threat-ening disease that attacks internal organs in-cluding the lungs, heart, kidneys, esophagus and gastrointestinal tract. The wide range of symptoms as well as the localized and sys-temic variations of the disease make it espe-cially hard to diagnose. The average diagnosis is made 5 years after the onset of symptoms. Once diagnosed, however, people with Scleroderma can only look forward to sympto-matic relief, as there is no known cure. It is critical that we work to raise awareness of scleroderma and related diseases while en-couraging research that could lead to break-throughs in treating this disease. Scleroderma often leads to swelling, hardening and thick-ening of the skin, blood vessel spasms with severe discomfort in the fingers and toes, weight loss, joint pain, swallowing difficulties, non-healing ulcerations on the fingertips and extreme fatigue. In its more advanced forms, scleroderma can prevent patients from per-forming even the simplest tasks. Given the lack of treatment options and the disease’s ef-fects on individuals’ quality of life, we must continue to explore therapies and treatments to alleviate these symptoms. I was proud to cosponsor legislation last Congress that would encourage continued research investment in this area so that innovative therapies can be developed, and it is my hope that we continue our efforts to combat scleroderma. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing June as National Scleroderma Awareness Month. We must continue to sup-port investment in this area so that there will one day be a cure for this devastating dis-ease. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Jul 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03JY8.005 E03JYPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D731 Monday, July 3, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate met at 6:32:46 p.m. in pro forma ses-sion, and adjourned at 6:33:09 p.m. until 9 a.m., on Thursday, July 6, 2017. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: There were no public bills or resolutions introduced today. Additional Cosponsors:
                                      Page H5382 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Mooney (WV) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H5381 
Whole Number of the House: The Chair an-nounced to the House that, in light of the resigna-tion of the gentleman from Utah, Mr. Chaffetz, the whole number of the House is 433.
                Page H5381 
United States Semiquincentennial Commission— Appointment: Read a letter from Representative Pelosi, Minority Leader, in which she appointed the following individuals from private life to the United States Semiquincentennial Commission: Grant Hill of Orlando, Florida, Amy Gutmann of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and Noah Griffin of San Francisco, California.
                                                                      Page H5381 Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no Yea and Nay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 11 a.m. and ad-journed at 11:04 a.m. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, JULY 6, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 Jul 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03JY7.REC D03JYPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD732 July 3, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9 a.m., Thursday, July 6 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9 a.m., Thursday, July 6 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 9 a.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E942 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E941 Krishnamoorthi, Ill., E941 Roskam, Peter J., Ill., E941 Schakowsky, Janice D., Ill., E941 Smith, Adam, Wash., E941 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 Jul 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D03JY7.REC D03JYPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST