Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I am here today to talk about a positive, encouraging decision that occurred last week for the State of Connecticut that was issued by the Under Secretary of the Treasury, David Kautter. It concerned a terrible problem that has swept through the State best known as crumbling foundations. Due to some outstanding journalism that took place over the last couple of years by a TV reporter by the name of George Colli, Jr.; Hartford Courant editorial writer Carolyn Lumsden, who did a series on this problem; and Journal Inquirer’s Eric Bedner, who has been consistently reporting on this issue, it came forward and was flushed out to the public that a quarry in north central Connecticut was supplying aggregate concrete for homes over the last 30 years that contained a material known as pyrrhotite. Pyrrhotite is a metal substance which, when it is exposed to moisture over a period of time, oxidizes or rusts and creates a sickening spider web cracking that ultimately compromises the foundation on homes. Estimates run as high as 19,000 homeowners who unknowingly have this form of concrete that threatens probably their family’s biggest asset, namely, their home. As you can see in this picture, this is an example of a home in Coventry, Connecticut, where the home was lifted with a house jack and the contractor, Don Childree, was actually able to remove the concrete by hand. That is how compromised and unstable the home was because of this terrible problem. This picture shows an example of a condominium project that was completely jacked up for the repairs, which involved jacking up the house, removing the old foundation, pouring a new foundation, and then lowering and reconnecting the condominium to the new foundation. For a homeowner of a rather average size house, we are talking about repairs that total as much as $150,000 to $200,000. In some cases, it almost surpasses the family’s value in their home. It has set off a wave of litigation and claims against property casualty insurers, with mixed results. The property casualty policies, in many cases, require only coverage for a sudden collapse as opposed to something that happens over a period of time. It is devastating for the homeowners who are affected by this. It affects about 40 communities in north central and eastern Connecticut. On Wednesday, the Treasury Department issued a ruling extending the property casualty loss Tax Code provisions to allow these homeowners to take a deduction for their loss. This was a 19month process which took place, from my office, with an outstanding staffer, Beata Fogarasi; from Congressman JOHN LARSON ’s office in the Hartford area with an outstanding staffer by the name of Sylvia Lee; and with Under Secretary Kautter, who issued the ruling that will provide safe harbor for people who have suffered a loss to be able to claim that on their tax returns. We had the support of the departing IRS Commissioner, John Koskinen, as well as the National Taxpayer Advocate, who endorsed this request last year under the prior administration— two administrations working with Members of Congress, presenting the facts and the law and getting a decision which, actually, is a positive move forward for homeowners who are in this affected region. It showed the interplay of the free press, of the organizing that took place, and the Connecticut Coalition Against Crumbling Foundations, led by Tim Heim from Willington, Connecticut. Organized homeowners did rallies, did town halls, brought their case forward, and it resulted in real change. The needle moved to allow people muchneeded relief. We have more work to do. As Winston Churchill said: ‘‘This is not the end. It is not even the beginning of the end. It is the end of the beginning.’’ The decision the day before Thanksgiving by the Treasury Department 
gave great hope to these homeowners that, actually, the system can work, and that is probably the most powerful emotion that people took away from the decision that took place on Wednesday. We are going to continue to move forward to help people, middle class, hardworking people who pay their bills, have invested in their life’s biggest asset, their home, to make sure that they are protected and they get help. 
REAUTHORIZING FISH RECOVERY IMPLEMENTATION PROGRAMS IN UPPER COLORADO AND SAN JUAN RIVER BASINS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CURTIS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, most of us know how important water is in our States and the impact it plays in growth. It is directly tied to economic development and the health and beauty of the places we live. Today, in accordance with commitments I have made to build improved quality of life in the rural areas of my district, I am introducing bipartisan legislation that will reauthorize the Bureau of Reclamation to provide cost sharing for the endangered fish recovery implementation programs in the Upper Colorado and San Juan River basins. This bill is important because the successful recovery of these endangered species paves the way for critical projects in these waterways, projects that will facilitate water for agriculture, economic development, and other important uses not just in the rural areas of Utah’s Third Congressional District, but in Colorado, Wyoming, Arizona, and New Mexico as well. This bill reauthorizes a program that has become a national model for addressing the demands for water development to support growing Western communities. It has been run with accountability and solid results since 2012. Constituents will be pleased that the revenue for this project comes not from tax dollars but, rather, from fees collected by the projects from water users within the area. The bill also strikes an important balance between conservation, recreation, and ensuring that we have access to public lands and natural resources. The programs support millions of people who depend on the river’s water to grow food, generate electricity, and serve the needs of cities and towns. To quote Utah’s Governor, Gary Herbert: ‘‘The success of the . . . program is vital for . . . our State’s continued progress and providing for the needs of the citizens of Utah.’’ I would like to express my appreciation to Congressman ROBBISHOP and the members of the Natural Resources Committee, who have done the heavy lifting on this bill. Mr. Speaker, I hope my colleagues in the House and the Senate will support this very important bill. f 
A SALUTE TO THE BRAVE WOMEN WHO SPEAK OUT The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. CURTIS ). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. MARSHALL ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, as a practicing obstetrician and gynecologist for 25 years, I certainly had a very unique perspective of many of the unique challenges faced by women in the workplace. For many women, I would see them once a year and, in a very casual greeting, ask them how they were and what was new. Once in a while, a woman would have a new job, and I would ask her: ‘‘Wow. You had a great job. Why did you leave that?’’ Too often, the answer was because of sexual harassment. Now, as a United States Congressman, I think it is important that I do more than just listen to these constituents of mine. I was sent here to be their voice, to be a strong voice for all of my constituents, and especially to draw upon my experiences as an obstetrician and gynecologist to be an advocate for women. With the strongest and most unequivocal terms I can voice, Mr. Speaker, I rise to condemn sexual harassment and assault and those cowards who perpetrate it. Mr. Speaker, I am also here to salute those brave women who are speaking out about their past experiences here on Capitol Hill. These women are the victims. They should be treated as very courageous folks who are sharing their story to help protect others. In doing so, they are not only helping to identify another predator, but they are helping the thousands of women who will come after them and work in these hallowed Halls. By bringing these dark, disgusting secrets to light, they make the workplace across America that much of a safer environment for all women, something we must not stop working toward, and something we must all take responsibility to foster. In the plainest terms, I want to make sure all men know that it is unacceptable behavior, to not allow your coworkers to perpetrate it, and that those who assault or harass women should receive the harshest punishment. There is no place in America for this behavior, and we must all take responsibility for ensuring it has no place in our offices. I would offer up this advice that was given to me many years ago, that all men treat every woman as though they were your mother, your sister, or your daughter, and let that be your creed when you are choosing your words and your actions. Let us all take responsibility and use this incredible social moment to make a lasting impact for my daughter, our granddaughters behind them, and for future generations. It certainly starts with me in my office, my sons, my grandsons, the people who work with me, and the people I choose to surround myself with. We can all be that shining example, and I pray that my colleagues will join me in making this so. f 
WE HAVE A SPENDING PROBLEM The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. MARSHALL ). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ARRINGTON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, history is replete with examples of prosperous nations and powerful empires whose demise was not as a result of adversaries on the outside but, rather, the enemy within. Congress and our President face several challenges to ensure the next generation inherits a safe, strong, and free country. There is the rise of global Islamic terrorism, escalating nuclear threats, increasing geopolitical instability, the need to modernize our military and ensure it is prepared to address those threats, and, finally, the need to revive our economy and give more and better jobs to middle and working class Americans. While these are serious issues and they necessitate a sense of urgency and bold actions, they are all but irrelevant if we experience a sovereign debt crisis. This is not a hypothetical. This is a real probability, and if we stay on our current trajectory, we will all but assure our children and grandchildren will suffer the consequences. If the United States experiences a debt crisis, how are we going to fund a safety net for our agriculture producers and our most vulnerable? How are we going to have transportation and other critical infrastructure to support economic growth? And, most importantly, how are we going to give the tools to our men and women in uniform so they will be successful and safe? How will we fund these national priorities if our government is insolvent? Today, the United States is $20 trillion in debt—over 70 percent of GDP. That is roughly $165,000 per taxpayer. If all current policies stay in place, in the next 10 years, we will be $30 trillion in debt, or nearly 90 percent of GDP, the highest level we have seen since 1947, according to the CBO. We will have $1 trillion in annual deficit spending; and, get this, we will spend more on the interest on our debt than we will on national defense. Just to give you a sense of how quickly this debt is amassing, in the next 24 hours, we will have increased our debt $1.5 billion. I want to be clear. This is not a revenue problem. Just this past year, according to the monthly Treasury statement, the Federal Government collected record amounts of both individual income tax revenue and payroll tax revenue. 
The underlying issue here is runaway spending. We all know it. The American people know it. The lion’s share of that spending is for mandatory spending. Mandatory spending is government spending on autopilot. Today, mandatory spending makes up 70 percent of the entire Federal budget. In terms of growth in spending, over the next 10 years, 90 percent of the growth will come from mandatory spending. We will never solve the national debt problem on discretionary spending alone. We must deal with mandatory spending, which means entitlement reform is the most serious and realistic opportunity to address our national debt. b1215 Many of our entitlement programs are nearing insolvency. Without immediate action, some of these important social safety net programs will not be there for the next generation. With 10,000 baby boomers entering retirement every day—the largest generational retirement in the history of the world—these critical safety net programs, like Medicare and Social Security, will be insolvent; Medicare by 2030, Social Security by 2034. We no longer have the luxury of kicking the can down the road. We are long overdue for action and we are fast approaching yet another debt ceiling. The debt ceiling has been in existence since 1941, 70 years, and every time very little has been done to rein in spending as a result. It was supposed to serve as a warning so that we pause and consider the risk of borrowing more money that 74 times we have effectively just blown past through it. We cannot continue to increase our borrowing capacity every time we hit the debt ceiling without some countervailing action to address our deficit and debt. At what point is enough enough? How far do we want to put our children and grandchildren in the debt hole before we decide that this is a moral obligation and this is truly a looming crisis? As Congress works to deal with the debt ceiling and our spending package that is here on the immediate horizon, it is important that we also introduce structural spending reforms. We need to have a balanced budget, for heaven’s sake. We need to move some of the mandatory over to discretionary. We need to set targets for reducing our debt. And if we don’t meet those targets because we don’t have the courage to do it, then it should be forced on us to cut across the board until we get this debt down to a manageable size for our children and for the future of this country. Balancing our budget and reducing our country’s debilitating debt is the challenge of the 21st century. It is my generation’s greatest challenge. It is time for Congress to step up to the plate and get to work addressing the biggest problem facing our country. That means less partisan obstruction and thinking about our political futures and more courageous leadership and thinking about our children’s future. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 16 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. SMITH of Nebraska) at 2 p.m. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Gracious God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. You have blessed us with all good gifts, and this past week, with thankful hearts, we gathered with family and loved ones throughout this great land to celebrate our blessings together. Bless the Members of the people’s House, who have been entrusted with the privilege to serve our Nation and all Americans in their need. Grant them to work together in respect and affection, and to be faithful in the responsibilities they have been given. Much is left to be done. Bestow upon them the gifts of wisdom and discernment, that in their words and actions they will do justice, love with mercy, and walk humbly with You. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
IN TRIBUTE TO IRIS CAMPBELL (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, former first lady of South Carolina, Iris Campbell, wife of the late Governor Carroll Campbell, passed away last week. South Carolinians are grateful for her dedication to our citizens. Born in Greenville, Iris Campbell was married to the love of her life, Carroll Campbell, for 46 years. Together, they built successful small businesses and then served the people they loved for three decades, being instrumental in the development of the twoparty system, with Carroll Campbell being the first Republican elected to Congress from GreenvilleSpartanburg in over 100 years. As South Carolina’s first lady from 1987 to 1995, Iris Campbell devoted herself to service organizations, including the American Cancer Society, the March of Dimes, and Carolina Children’s Home. She served on the board of trustees for Richland Memorial Children’s Hospital. When Governor Campbell was diagnosed with Alzheimer’s, Iris Campbell devoted herself to caring for him and to raising money for Alzheimer’s research and the Carroll Campbell Place for Alzheimer’s Care of Lexington Medical Center in Lexington. Roxanne and I join all South Carolinians in thanking the Campbell family, especially sons Carroll, Jr.— Tumpy—and Mike for sharing Iris with us. She has made South Carolina better, and we will miss her. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF POLICE OFFICER BRIAN SHAW (Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to inform my colleagues of the death of Brian Shaw, a brave, young police officer who was recently killed in the line of duty in my district on November 17. What began as a routine traffic stop turned into a pursuit on foot and an exchange of gunfire that left Officer Shaw mortally wounded. Brian was just 25 years old when he was murdered doing the job he loved. He was a universally loved and respected member of his community. He was well liked and respected by his fellow officers. His life was brutally cut short, but there is no denying it was a life well lived. Brian was a graduate of Burrell High School, Slippery Rock University, and the Allegheny County Police Training Academy. He served as a police officer in Cheswick, Frazer, and Springdale Township before joining the New Kensington Police Department this June. 
Friends have said that Brian always wanted to be a police officer. Brian said that he became a police officer because he wanted to make a difference. I want my colleagues and the whole Nation to know that he did. Throughout his service as a police officer, he upheld the law, and he served the communities with dedication, compassion, and a warm smile. He knew the risks that come with being a law enforcement officer, and he accepted them willingly. I had the honor of attending the memorial service for Officer Shaw at Mount St. Peter Church last week. The turnout was amazing. The church was packed to the rafters. Thousands more stood outside, including more than 1,000 police officers. I can’t think of a more tangible expression of respect and appreciation for Officer Shaw’s service and his sacrifice. In closing, I want to express my deepest sympathy to Officer Shaw’s parents, Lisa and Stephan; his brother, Steffan; his fellow police officers; his family; and his friends. 
HONORING POLICE OFFICER BRIAN SHAW (Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague from Pennsylvania for his remarks regarding Officer Shaw. The Book of Wisdom teaches that ‘‘the souls of the just are in the hands of God, and no torment shall touch them.’’ The family and friends of New Kensington, Pennsylvania, Police Officer Brian Shaw today must trust in that Scripture as they continue to grieve his loss. Officer Shaw was only 25 years old when he was taken in an act of senseless violence, but in his short life, he learned a great deal, and what he learned allowed him to give even more. Brian Shaw knew his vocation, to serve as a police officer and, as he said, to make a difference. His former supervisor, Frazer Township Police Chief Terry Kuhns, recalled that when Brian gave that answer during his job interview, he knew he meant it as he looked in his eyes and his smile. Perhaps what Chief Kuhns saw in Brian were virtues our world desperately needs more of: authenticity and sincerity. Those virtues contributed to what New Kensington Police Chief Jim Klein described as Brian’s incredible passion for his work. To Brian’s parents and family, you raised him right. May Brian Shaw, a just man, evermore rest in the hands of God. 
WE NEED TAX REFORM (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share some of the feedback I have heard from my constituents about the tax bill that has already passed this House and is now under consideration in the Senate. More than 2,000 of my constituents have taken the time to reach out to me and share their overwhelming opposition to this bill. I have heard from people like the 83 yearold man in Lake Forest who will face financial hardship when he is no longer able to deduct his medical expenses; or the professor at Rosalind Franklin University in north Chicago who emailed that she is worried about what the elimination of the tuition waivers will mean for her medical students; or the man in Libertyville who fears that, with the elimination of the State and local tax deduction for property taxes, he will face both a higher annual tax bill and more than a 10 percent hit on the value of his home. Mr. Speaker, we need tax reform. I remain committed to working across the aisle to achieve it, but this partisan proposal is not the way. I urge my colleagues to listen to their own constituents, abandon this fatally flawed bill, and work in a bipartisan way to accomplish fair, responsible tax reform. f 
HIGHLIGHTING THE RISING SEVERITY OF ILLEGAL MARIJUANA GROWS ON FEDERAL LANDS (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to highlight the rising severity of illegal marijuana grows on Federal lands. In 2016, the DEA Cannabis Eradication Program found a 60 percent increase in the amount of assets seized from marijuana raids compared to just the previous year. The same year, the Forest Service eradicated nearly $1.5 million worth of marijuana plants from over 240 sites on National Forest System in the Pacific area alone. Local sheriffs from my district have expressed to me their great concern for public safety, environmental destruction, a lot of time which farmers end up getting blamed for for water quality and the chemicals and stuff that get left behind, not the farmers’ fault, but indeed these illegal grows, and even human trafficking gets caught up in all this. What is currently being done to address the amount of marijuana grows on our public lands? Not nearly enough. People feel endangered by going out into their public lands, whether it is adjacent private property owners or what have you. Timber harvest needs to be done, forest thinning needs to be done, taking care of the environmental needs for our wildlife, all that, and it can’t happen due to these illegal grows and the danger they bring. They should be able to enjoy them, and we should be able to stop this illegal practice. We need many more assets poured into our Western forest lands to eradicate this illegal grow. f 
CELEBRATING THE CAREER OF MONSIGNOR FRANKLYN CASALE (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the career of Monsignor Franklyn Casale, who will retire this coming spring after serving as president of St. Thomas University for the past 24 years. Monsignor Casale has led an exemplary life of service, including many leadership positions. In south Florida, we are most thankful for the monsignor’s distinguished presidency of St. Thomas, which included the expansion of campus facilities, positioning the university as a leader in the fight against human trafficking, and the establishment of the university’s first doctoral program. During his tenure, Monsignor Casale created a legacy of committed service, which transformed St. Thomas into one of the Nation’s leading universities, and prepared thousands of his graduates to become leaders in their fields. Once again, congratulations, Monsignor Casale, on a welldeserved retirement and on a remarkable career advancing St. Thomas’ legacy of academic achievement and spiritual development. Your lifelong emphasis on Catholic values, diversity, and student success has helped empower many students to take on the world with compassion and strong conviction. ‘‘Congratulations, my friend,’’ ‘‘Felicidades, mi amigo.’’ 
CONGRATULATING ST. CROIX NATIVE TIM DUNCAN (Ms. PLASKETT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate St. Croix native Tim Duncan on his induction to the Collegiate Basketball Hall of Fame. In 1989, Tim was training to be an Olympic swimmer when Hurricane Hugo struck the Virgin Islands, destroying all of the Olympicsize swimming pools. With no place left on the island to train, he turned his focus to basketball. At Wake Forest, he helped lead the team to four NCAA tournaments, was named the National Association of Basketball Coaches Player of the Year three times, the ACC Player of the Year twice, and the National Player of the Year in 1997. 
Tim was drafted as the number one pick to the Spurs, where he served as a leader on and off the court for 19 years. Tim Duncan has not forgotten his home, and after two backtoback Category 5 hurricanes, he helped to contribute 20,000plus pounds of food and donated millions of dollars through his Tim Duncan Foundation. Tim exemplifies the idea of making a way out of no way. Hurricane Hugo did not defeat him, just as Hurricanes Maria and Irma will not defeat the U.S. Virgin Islands. I want to use this time to thank him and, on Giving Tuesday, thank all of the others who have contributed in the hurricane relief: My Brothers Workshop, Family Resource Center, Community Foundation of the Virgin Islands, St. Croix Foundation, Virgin Islands ASAP Relief Group, Bloomberg Philanthropies, Love 4 Love City, Operation Rebuild, Jody Olson, VIR3, Tony Rosario, USVI Boxing, Operation Rebuild Virgin Islands, and, of course, all the first responders and all the Virgin Islanders who are staying V.I. strong. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until approximately 4:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 13 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1630 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. PALAZZO ) at 4 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2768) to designate certain mountain peaks in the State of Colorado as ‘‘Fowler Peak’’ and ‘‘Boskoff Peak’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2768 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fowler and Boskoff Peaks Designation Act’’. 
Congress finds that— (1) Charlie Fowler was— (A) one of the most experienced mountain climbers in North America, having successfully climbed many of the highest peaks in the world; (B) an author, guide, filmmaker, photographer, and wilderness advocate; (C) the recipient of the 2004 Robert and Miriam Underhill Award from the American Alpine Club, an award that— (i) honors outstanding mountaineering achievement; and (ii) is awarded annually to climbers who have ‘‘demonstrated the highest level of skill in mountaineering and who, through the application of this skill, courage, and perseverance, have achieved outstanding success in the various fields of mountaineering’’; and (D) a summiter of several 8,000meter peaks, specifically— (i) Everest; (ii) Cho Oyu; and (iii) Shishapangma; (2) Christine Boskoff— (A) was one of the leading female alpinists in the United States, having climbed 6 of the 14 mountain peaks in the world that are higher than 8,000 meters, specifically— (i) Everest; (ii) Cho Oyu; (iii) Gasherbrum II; (iv) Lhotse; (v) Shishapangma; and (vi) Broad Peak; (B) gave countless hours to nonprofit organizations that supported— (i) the rights of porters and Sherpas; (ii) the education of women; and (iii) global literacy and gender equality; and (C) was recognized by the education communities in the United States and Nepal as a role model for students; (3) Charlie Fowler and Christine Boskoff were longtime residents of San Miguel County, Colorado, and champions for Colorado’s pristine backcountry; (4) Charlie Fowler and Christine Boskoff died in an avalanche in November 2006 while attempting to summit Genyen Peak in Tibet; (5) 2 unnamed 13,000foot peaks located west of Wilson Peak on the boundary of San Miguel and Dolores Counties, Colorado, offer spectacular recreational climbing and hiking opportunities; and (6) the local community in the vicinity of the peaks described in paragraph (5) and fellow climbers propose to honor and commemorate Charlie Fowler and Christine Boskoff by naming the peaks after Charlie Fowler and Christine Boskoff. SEC. 3. DESIGNATION OF FOWLER PEAK AND BOSKOFF PEAK, COLORADO. 
(a) D ESIGNATION OF FOWLER PEAK.— (1) IN GENERAL .—The 13,498foot mountain peak, located at 37.8569°N, by ¥108.0117°W, in the Uncompahgre National Forest in the State of Colorado, shall be known and designated as ‘‘Fowler Peak’’. (2) REFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the peak described in paragraph (1) shall be deemed to be a reference to ‘‘Fowler Peak’’. (b) DESIGNATION OF BOSKOFF PEAK.— (1) IN GENERAL .—The 13,123foot mountain peak, located at 37.85549°N, by ¥108.03112°W, in the Uncompahgre National Forest in the State of Colorado, shall be known and designated as ‘‘Boskoff Peak’’. (2) REFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the peak described in paragraph (1) shall be deemed to be a reference to ‘‘Boskoff Peak’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON ) and the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. TORRES ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. 
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, my bill, the Fowler and Boskoff Peaks Designation Act, would designate two unnamed peaks in the Uncompahgre National Forest in Colorado as Fowler Peak and Boskoff Peak. Charlie Fowler and his partner, Christine ‘‘Chris’’ Boskoff, were longtime residents of San Miguel County, Colorado, and were avid alpinists. Charlie Fowler was one of North America’s most experienced mountain climbers. He was also an author, a guide, a filmmaker, a photographer, and an advocate for the outdoors. Beginning in the mid1980s, Charlie worked full time as a mountain guide, leading mountaineering expeditions in the United States and abroad. His photographs and articles were published in a variety of books and magazines, and he was the author of multiple mountaineering guidebooks. In 2004, Charlie was awarded the Robert and Miriam Underhill Award by the American Alpine Society, an honor given annually to an individual who has demonstrated the highest level of skill in the mountaineering arts and who, through the application of this skill, courage, and perseverance, has achieved outstanding success in the various fields of mountaineering endeavor. Christine Boskoff began her climbing career in 1993 and quickly rose to become a leader in the sport of mountaineering. Christine summited Mount Everest and five of the globe’s more than 26,000foot mountains. One of the world’s leading female alpinists, a professional mountaineering guide and an adventure entrepreneur, Christine participated in numerous expeditions in the United States and on five continents. Charlie and Christine were also known for their philanthropic work. Charlie worked to promote his sport by installing climbing walls in schools across southwest Colorado. Christine was active in nonprofit organizations that supported the rights of porters and Sherpas, women’s education, global literacy, and gender equality. Sadly, Charlie and Christine were killed in an avalanche in 2006 while exploring a series of unclimbed summits in China’s Sichuan province. The naming of these peaks is a fitting tribute to Charlie and Christine, 
who were outstanding mountaineers and advocates for our Nation’s treasured open spaces. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this measure. I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 2768 names two peaks in the Uncompahgre National Forest in Colorado after Charlie Fowler and Christine Boskoff. Fowler and Boskoff were worldclass rock climbers whose accomplishments left enduring legacies on the sport. Sadly, in 2016, the two set out to climb a mountain in a remote part of China near the Tibetan border and never returned. This bill and the renaming of the peaks is a fitting tribute and I support its adoption. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. REED). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2768. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
GULF ISLANDS NATIONAL SEASHORE LAND EXCHANGE ACT OF 2017 Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2615) to authorize the exchange of certain land located in Gulf Islands National Seashore, Jackson County, Mississippi, between the National Park Service and the Veterans of Foreign Wars, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2615 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Gulf Islands National Seashore Land Exchange Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. LAND EXCHANGE, GULF ISLANDS NATIONAL SEASHORE, JACKSON COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI. 
(a) L ANDEXCHANGE AUTHORIZED .—The Sec retary of the Interior, acting through the Director of the National Park Service (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) may convey to the Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 5699 (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Post’’) all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to a parcel of real property, consisting of approximately 1.542 acres, located within the Gulf Islands National Seashore in Jackson County, Mississippi, and identified as ‘‘NPS Exchange Area’’ on the map entitled ‘‘Gulf Islands National Seashore, Proposed Land Exchange with VFW, Davis Bayou Area—Jackson County, MS’’, numbered 635/133309, and dated June 2016. (b) LANDTOBEACQUIRED .—In exchange for the property described in subsection (a), the Post shall convey to the Secretary all right, title, and interest of the Post in and to a parcel of real property, consisting of approximately 2.161 acres, located in Jackson County, Mississippi, and identified as ‘‘VFW Exchange Area’’ on the map described in subsection (a). (c) EQUAL VALUE EXCHANGE .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The values of the parcels of real property to be exchanged under this section shall be determined by an appraisal conducted— (A) by a qualified and independent appraiser; and (B) in accordance with nationally recognized appraisal standards. (2) EQUALIZATION .—If the values of the parcels of real property to be exchanged under this section, as determined pursuant to paragraph (1), are not equal, the values shall be equalized through— (A) a cash payment; or (B) adjustments to the acreage of the parcels of real property to be exchanged. (d) PAYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCE .— (1) PAYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary shall require the Post to cover costs to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for such costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the land exchange under this section, including survey costs, costs related to environmental documentation, and any other administrative costs related to the land exchange. If amounts are collected from the Secretary in advance of the Secretary incurring the actual costs and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the land exchange, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the Post. (2) TREATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— Amounts received as reimbursement under paragraph (1) shall be credited to the fund or account that was used to cover those costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out the land exchange. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limitations, as amounts in such fund or account. (e) DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The exact acreage and legal description of property to be exchanged under this section shall be determined by surveys satisfactory to the Secretary and the Post. (f) CONVEYANCE AGREEMENT .—The ex change of real property under this section shall be accomplished using a quit claim deed or other legal instrument and upon terms and conditions mutually satisfactory to the Secretary and the Post, including such additional terms and conditions as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. (g) VALID EXISTING RIGHTS .—The exchange authorized under this section shall be subject to valid existing rights. (h) TITLE APPROVAL .—Title to the real property described in subsection (a) and the real property described in subsection (b) to be exchanged under this section shall be in a form acceptable to the Secretary. (i) TREATMENT OF ACQUIRED LAND.—Land and interests in land acquired by the United States under subsection (b) shall be administered by the Secretary as part of the Gulf Islands National Seashore. (j) MODIFICATION OF BOUNDARY .—Upon completion of the land exchange under this section, the Secretary shall modify the boundary of the Gulf Islands National Seashore to reflect such land exchange. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON ) and the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. TORRES ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. 
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Member may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 2615, introduced by the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. PALAZZO ), authorizes the National Park Service to convey to the Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 5699 1.54 acres located within the Gulf Islands National Seashore in Jackson County, Mississippi, in exchange for a 2.16acre parcel of land owned by the VFW post. This bill benefits both the VFW post and the Park Service. It provides the VFW post with permanent access to their building via a long driveway currently owned by the Park Service while also adding land to the Gulf Islands National Seashore. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure. I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2615 is a simple bipartisan bill that authorizes the exchange of two small parcels of land to provide needed access for our veterans in Mississippi. The Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 5699 is located adjacent to a portion of Gulf Islands National Seashore, and while having a national park in your backyard is a desirable condition, the post has found themselves landlocked and in need of direct access to their facility. To solve this issue, the Gulf Islands National Seashore Land Exchange Act will exchange approximately 2 acres of land owned by the VFW with 1.5 acres owned by the Federal Government. The acreage required by the VFW will be used to establish a short driveway directly to the post while the land given in exchange to the Federal Government will be managed as part of Gulf Islands National Seashore. This exchange is supported by both the VFW post and the National Park Service and is a simple and logical solution to a local issue. I am pleased to see the National Park Service and the VFW working together to form a solution to this issue. This bill passed the House in the 114th Congress, and I urge all Members to support this commonsense, bipartisan bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. PALAZZO ). Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from Colorado for the time and for his positive comments, as well as Mrs. TORRES , in support of H.R. 2615. I rise today in support of H.R. 2615, the Gulf Islands National Seashore Land Exchange Act. The Gulf Islands National Seashore is a national park that draws millions of visitors to the islands in the northern Gulf of Mexico. The Gulf Islands National Seashore includes the Mississippi barrier islands of Petit Bois, Horn, East and West Ship, and Cat, as well as the Davis Bayou Area. I am proud to have this important park and its natural beaches, historic sites, and wildlife sanctuaries within my district. The Gulf Islands National Seashore has been a part of the Mississippi Gulf Coast community since Congress established the park in 1971. Since that establishment, the Gulf Islands National Seashore has worked closely with the Mark Seymour Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 5699. In fact, the post has shared a road with the seashore for the better part of the last 30 years. The Gulf Islands National Seashore Land Exchange Act would make permanent a 30year easement that has provided an access road and driveway for the VFW. In exchange, the VFW will give the Gulf Islands National Seashore some of its acreage, which also includes valuable wetlands. The Gulf Islands National Seashore and the Mark Seymour VFW Post strongly support this land exchange, but the Department of the Interior needs congressional approval before it can make the land exchange official. That is why, Mr. Speaker, I encourage the House to pass this bill as a suspension vote. I would also like to thank the subcommittee chairman, Mr. MCCLINTOCK , as well as Chairman BISHOP and the Committee on Natural Resources for their support and help in bringing this bill to the floor. Mr. Speaker, this is also a noncontroversial bill, and I urge the Senate to pass it without delay. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2615. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. SANTA YNEZ BAND OF CHUMASH INDIANS LAND AFFIRMATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1491) to reaffirm the action of the Secretary of the Interior to take land into trust for the benefit of the Santa Ynez Band of Chumash Mission Indians, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 1491 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Santa Ynez Band of Chumash Indians Land Affirmation Act of 2017’’. 
Congress finds the following: (1) On October 13, 2017, the General Council of the Santa Ynez Band of Chumash Indians voted to approve the Memorandum of Agreement between the County of Santa Barbara and the Santa Ynez Band of Chumash Indians regarding the approximately 1,427.28 acres of land, commonly known as Camp 4, and authorized the Tribal Chairman to sign the Memorandum of Agreement. (2) On October 31, 2017, the Board of Supervisors for the County of Santa Barbara approved the Memorandum of Agreement on Camp 4 and authorized the Chair to sign the Memorandum of Agreement. (3) The Secretary of the Interior approved the Memorandum of Agreement pursuant to section 2103 of the Revised Statutes (25 U.S.C. 81). 
(a) R ATIFICATION OF TRUST STATUS .—The action taken by the Secretary on January 20, 2017, to place approximately 1,427.28 acres of land located in Santa Barbara County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Santa Ynez Band of Chumash Indians is hereby ratified and confirmed as if that action had been taken under a Federal law specifically authorizing or directing that action. (b) RATIFICATION OF ACTIONS OF THE SECRETARY .—The actions taken by the Secretary to assume jurisdiction over the appeals relating to the feetotrust acquisition of approximately 1,427.28 acres in Santa Barbara County, California, on January 30, 2015, is hereby ratified and confirmed as if that action had been taken under a Federal law specifically authorizing or directing that action. (c) RATIFICATION OF ACTIONS OF THE SECRETARY .—The actions taken by the Secretary to dismiss the appeals relating to the feetotrust acquisition of approximately 1,427.28 acres in Santa Barbara County, California, on January 19, 2017, is hereby ratified and confirmed as if that action had been taken under a Federal law specifically authorizing or directing that action. (d) ADMINISTRATION .— (1) ADMINISTRATION .—The land placed into trust for the benefit of the Santa Ynez Band of Chumash Indians by the Secretary of the Interior on January 20, 2017, shall be a part of the Santa Ynez Indian Reservation and administered in accordance with the laws and regulations generally applicable to the land held in trust by the United States for an Indian tribe. (2) EFFECT .—For purposes of certain California State laws (including the California Land Conservation Act of 1965, Government Code Section 51200, et seq.), placing the land described in subsection (b) into trust shall remove any restrictions on the property pursuant to California Government Code Section 51295 or any other provision of such Act. (e) LEGAL DESCRIPTION OF LANDS TRANS FERRED .—The lands to be transferred pursuant to this Act are described as follows: Legal Land Description/Site Location:Real property in the unincorporated area of the County of Santa Barbara, State of California, described as follows: PARCEL 1: (APN: 14112151 AND PORTION OF APN 141 14010)LOTS 9 THROUGH 18, INCLUSIVE, OF TRACT 18, IN THE COUNTY OF SANTA BARBARA, STATE OF CALIFORNIA, AS SHOWN ON THE MAP SHOWING THE SUBDIVISIONS OF THE CANADA DE LOS PINOS OR COLLEGE RANCHO, FILED IN RACK 3, AS MAP 4 IN THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY RECORDER OF SAID COUNTY. THIS LEGAL IS MADE PURSUANT TO THAT CERTAIN CERTIFICATE OF COMPLIANCE RECORDED DECEMBER 5, 2001 AS INSTRUMENT NO. 01105580 OF OFFICIAL RECORDS. PARCEL 2: (PORTION OF APN: 14114010)LOTS 1 THROUGH 12, INCLUSIVE, OF TRACT 24, IN THE COUNTY OF SANTA BARBARA, STATE OF CALIFORNIA, AS SHOWN ON THE MAP SHOWING THE SUBDIVISIONS OF THE CANADA DE LOS PINOS OR COLLEGE RANCHO, FILED IN RACK 3, AS MAP 4 IN THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY RECORDER OF SAID COUNTY.THIS LEGAL IS MADE PURSUANT TO THAT CERTAIN CERTIFICATE OF COMPLIANCE RECORDED DECEMBER 5, 2001 AS INSTRUMENT NO. 01105581 OF OFFICIAL RECORDS. PARCEL 3: (PORTIONS OF APNS: 14123023 AND 141140 10)LOTS 19 AND 20 OF TRACT 18 AND THAT PORTION OF LOTS 1, 2, 7, 8, 9, 10, AND 15 THROUGH 20, INCLUSIVE, OF TRACT 16, IN THE COUNTY OF SANTA BARBARA, STATE OF CALIFORNIA, AS SHOWN ON THE MAP SHOWING THE SUBDIVISIONS OF THE CANADA DE LOS PINOS OR COLLEGE RANCHO, FILED IN RACK 3, AS MAP 4 IN THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY RECORDER OF SAID COUNTY, THAT LIES NORTHEASTERLY OF THE NORTHEASTERLY LINE OF THE LAND GRANTED TO THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA BY AN EXECUTOR’S DEED RECORDED APRIL 2, 1968 IN BOOK 2227, PAGE 136 OF OFFICIAL RECORDS OF SAID COUNTY.THIS LEGAL IS MADE PURSUANT TO THAT CERTAIN CERTIFICATE OF COMPLIANCE RECORDED DECEMBER 5, 2001 AS INSTRUMENT NO. 01105582 OF OFFICIAL RECORDS. PARCEL 4: (APN: 14124002 AND PORTION OF APN: 14114010)LOTS 1 THROUGH 12, INCLUSIVE, OF TRACT 25, IN THE COUNTY OF SANTA BARBARA, STATE OF CALIFORNIA, AS SHOWN ON THE MAP SHOWING THE SUBDIVISIONS OF THE CANADA DE LOS PINOS OR COLLEGE RANCHO, FILED IN RACK 3, AS MAP 4 IN THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY RECORDER OF SAID COUNTY.THIS LEGAL IS MADE PURSUANT TO THAT CERTAIN CERTIFICATE OF COMPLIANCE RECORDED DECEMBER 5, 2001 AS INSTRUMENT NO. 01105583 OF OFFICIAL RECORDS. PARCEL 5: (PORTION OF APN: 14123023)THAT PORTION OF LOTS 3 AND 6 OF TRACT 16, IN THE COUNTY OF SANTA BARBARA, STATE OF CALIFORNIA, AS SHOWN ON THE MAP SHOWING THE SUBDIVISIONS OF THE CANADA DE LOS PINOS OR COLLEGE RANCHO, FILED IN RACK 3, AS MAP 4 IN THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY RECORDER OF SAID COUNTY, THAT LIES NORTHEASTERLY OF THE NORTHEASTERLY LINE OF THE LAND GRANTED TO THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA BY AN EXECUTOR’S DEED RECORDED APRIL 2, 1968 IN BOOK 2227, PAGE 136 OF OFFICIAL RECORDS OF SAID 
COUNTY.THIS LEGAL IS MADE PURSUANT TO THAT CERTAIN CERTIFICATE OF COMPLIANCE RECORDED DECEMBER 5, 2001 AS INSTRUMENT NO. 01105584 OF OFFICIAL RECORDS. (f) RULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this Act shall— (1) enlarge, impair, or otherwise affect any right or claim of the Tribe to any land or interest in land that is in existence before the date of the enactment of this Act; (2) affect any water right of the Tribe in existence before the date of the enactment of this Act; or (3) terminate or limit any access in any way to any rightofway or rightofuse issued, granted, or permitted before the date of the enactment of this Act. (g) RESTRICTED USE OF TRANSFERRED  LANDS .—The Tribe may not conduct, on the land described in subsection (b) taken into trust for the Tribe pursuant to this Act, gaming activities— (1) as a matter of claimed inherent authority; or (2) under any Federal law, including the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act (25 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.) and regulations promulgated by the Secretary or the National Indian Gaming Commission under that Act. (h) DEFINITIONS .—For the purposes of this section: (1) SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (2) TRIBE.—The term ‘‘Tribe’’ means the Santa Ynez Band of Chumash Mission Indians. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON ) and the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. TORRES ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. 
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1491, which would reaffirm the Bureau of Indian Affairs’ action placing approximately 1,400 acres of land known as Camp 4 into a trust for the benefit of the Santa Ynez Band of Chumash Mission Indians in Santa Barbara County, California. The Chumash Tribe has about 140 enrolled members with a 138acre reservation in Santa Ynez, California. The Tribe constructed a casino and hotel resort on its reservation pursuant to the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act, which has lifted the Tribe from historic poverty to economic success. With other private investments in the region, the Tribe has become one of the largest employers in Santa Barbara County. In 2010, the Tribe purchased a 1,400 acre tract of land known as Camp 4, located about 2 miles from the reservation in an unincorporated area of Santa Barbara County, from the Fess Parker estate. The Tribe has testified that it intends to use Camp 4 for suitable Tribal housing for its current and future members. At present, the landscape of Camp 4 is mainly agricultural. In 2014, the Bureau of Indian Affairs approved an application filed by the Tribe to place Camp 4 in trust under the agency’s regulatory procedures. However, the title had not been transferred to the United States pending the resolution of an administrative appeal filed by Santa Barbara County and private citizens. On January 17, 2017, the Department of the Interior dismissed pending appeals of the application and affirmed the 2014 decision. Despite the dismissal of the appeals, the Tribe and the County of Santa Barbara continued work to address concerns with the trust acquisition. On November 1, 2017, the Tribe and county entered into a longterm memorandum of agreement to protect the mutual interests of both the Tribe and the county. The bill, as amended, includes a reference to this agreement and support of the County of Santa Barbara. I would like to thank the sponsor of this bill, the chairman of the Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs, Mr. LAMALFA , for his hard work on this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this measure. I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, passage of H.R. 1491, which I am proud to cosponsor, will clear the way for the Santa Ynez Band of Chumash Indians to finally provide additional Tribal housing for their members. Only 17 percent of Tribal members and lineal descendants live in Tribal housing. In 2010, the Tribe purchased approximately 1,400 acres of ancestral land in an effort to provide suitable housing for the Tribe’s members and their descendants. b1645 Even though this land was taken into trust administratively in January of this year, a number of parties continue to file lawsuits appealing the decision. The Chumash leadership has been forthcoming in their desire to acquire this land only for additional Tribal housing, and they have attempted to be good neighbors by engaging local elected officials and groups to mitigate any and all concerns. It is a shame that it has almost taken a decade for this issue to be resolved, but we are now at a point where we can finally put an end to this process. Passage of H.R. 1491 will reinforce the Secretarial decision that put the land in trust and will also incorporate a memorandum of agreement between the Chumash Tribe and the Santa Barbara County Board of Supervisors in relation to the land. I congratulate the Chumash leadership for their work and persistence on this issue, and I thank the Santa Barbara County Board Supervisors for coming to this agreement. I also thank my friend and colleague from California, Chairman LAMALFA , for carrying this legislation, not giving up on it, and moving it forward. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ). Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, first of all, I am very pleased to speak on this bill here tonight. I am so proud of the effort to work in a bipartisan nature with my colleague and friend, the ranking member, Mrs. TORRES , as well as all the members of the committee. We have had such overwhelming support to move this bill along. Mr. Speaker, indeed, this is a culmination of a lot of strong, bipartisan effort here in the committee as well as the community itself, which sought consensus during the several years that I have been involved with this legislation and now as chairman of the Subcommittee on Indian, Insular, and Alaska Native Affairs. We have seen the local consensus that has been built with the local government, the Tribe, and my colleagues on the committee. With the inclusion of language referencing the local agreement, the bill is supported by the Santa Ynez Band of Chumash Indians; the County of Santa Barbara; and the region’s representative, my colleague, Representative SALUD CARBAJAL , and was reported out of the House Natural Resources Committee by unanimous consent on September 17, 2017. Located in Santa Barbara County for thousands of years, as was pointed out by my colleagues, the recorded history of the Chumash reaches back to the earliest arrival of Europeans in California, when Spanish explorer Cabrillo recorded his encounters with the Chumash in 1542. They had a long and unbroken connection to the Camp 4 parcel, which is located very close to their current reservation. In the early 1800s, the Chumash became wards of the Spanish mission in Santa Ynez, which included Camp 4, and later, the Mexican Governor granted lands to Chumash members, which also included Camp 4. The commission created by the Mission Relief Act of 1891 recognized that the Tribe continued to reside in the Santa Ynez and Camp 4 area, though only 99 acres were ultimately taken into trust for the Chumash at the time, which is a fairly common problem for many Tribes. With the various things that have happened to them, such as derecognition and decertification over the years, tribes end up on very small, narrow parcels of land that make it very difficult for them to grow and prosper. So today, partly because of that, the Chumash face a significant housing crisis, as was pointed out, and fewer than 17 percent of their members and descendants are able to reside on 
the Tribe’s existing reservation, which consists largely of hillsides, wetlands, and streambeds unsuitable for housing. To address the housing shortage, the Chumash used their own resources to purchase the Camp 4 parcel, with the intent of constructing homes for their members. They applied to take Camp 4 into trust administratively, and after conducting a thorough public process, the Bureau of Indian Affairs issued a decision in December of 2014. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from California an additional 2 minutes. Mr. LAMALFA. The Department of the Interior then completed the feeto trust process in January of 2017. Indeed, this is ongoing. On October 31, the county ratified an agreement with the Chumash, ensuring that any impacts of Camp 4 housing on local infrastructure and other resources would be addressed, and the Department of the Interior approved this agreement on the same day. In order to enable the Chumash to address their housing crisis and ensure any impacts to local governments are addressed, H.R. 1491 takes the following actions: It affirms and ratifies the action of the Department of the Interior to take the Camp 4 parcel into trust on January 19, 2017. It codifies references to the Chumashcounty agreement ratified by Santa Barbara County on October 31, 2017, addressing impacts to local infrastructure and services. By request of the Chumash, it prohibits the operation of gaming facilities on the Camp 4 parcel. It protects and respects rightsofway also held by local stakeholders. Mr. Speaker, this bill represents, again, the culmination of years of effort on the part of the Chumash, the county, the committee, and Congress to ensure that the concerns of all stakeholders were addressed fairly through a local process and reaching a consensus with the Tribe and the county that we sought from the beginning. Indeed, as chairman of the Subcommittee on Indian, Insular, and Alaska Native Affairs, I believe this agreement is the outcome of good faith negotiations by all parties and should be considered a model for maintaining positive working relationships between tribal and local governments. I urge all Members to support this bipartisan, noncontroversial measure. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, as the Member of Congress representing the ‘‘Camp 4’’ property addressed in H.R. 1491, which would reaffirm the action of the Secretary of the Interior to take land into trust for the Santa Ynez Band of Chumash Mission Indians, I would like to take this opportunity to express my support for the amended version of the bill under consideration today which incorporates the recently completed local agreement between Santa Barbara County and the Chumash Tribe. I have a unique perspective on this issue, having previously served as a Santa Barbara County Supervisor for twelve years. During my tenure, the issue of Camp 4 was deliberated before the Board of Supervisors on several occasions. During those discussions, I was one of the first elected officials to consistently call for direct governmenttogovernment discussions between the Chumash Tribe and the County. I am pleased to see that those ensuing negotiations have now resulted in an agreement that addresses the Tribe’s well documented need for tribal housing while providing for important mitigations to address potential impacts on public views, traffic, local tax revenues, and the natural environment. I believe that the locally negotiated agreement concerning Camp 4 between the Tribe and the County, which is incorporated in today’s amended version of H.R. 1491, is in the best interest of my constituents and is an important step toward establishing a longterm collaborative relationship between all parties involved. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1491, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
SUPERIOR NATIONAL FOREST LAND EXCHANGE ACT OF 2017 Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3115) to provide for a land exchange involving Federal land in the Superior National Forest in Minnesota acquired by the Secretary of Agriculture through the Weeks Law, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3115 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Superior National Forest Land Exchange Act of 2017’’. (b) TABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of contents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Purpose and need for NorthMet Land Exchange. Sec. 3. Definitions. Sec. 4. NorthMet Land Exchange. Sec. 5. Valuation of NorthMet Land Exchange. Sec. 6. Maps and legal descriptions. Sec. 7. Postexchange land management. Sec. 8. Miscellaneous provisions. 
SEC. 2. PURPOSE AND NEED FOR NORTHMET LAND EXCHANGE. 
(a) P URPOSE .—It is the purpose of this Act to further the public interest by consummating the NorthMet Land Exchange as specifically set forth in this Act. (b) NEED.—According to the Final Record of Decision, the NorthMet Land Exchange is advisable and needed because the NorthMet Land Exchange will— (1) result in a 40acre net gain in National Forest System lands; (2) improve the spatial arrangement of National Forest System lands by reducing the amount of ownership boundaries to be managed by 33 miles; (3) improve management effectiveness by exchanging isolated Federal lands with no public overland access for nonFederal lands that will have public overland access and be accessible and open to public use and enjoyment; (4) result in Federal cost savings by eliminating certain easements and their associated administration costs; (5) meet several of the priorities identified in the land and resource management plan for Superior National Forest to protect and manage administratively or congressionally designated, unique, proposed, or recommended areas, including acquisition of 307 acres of land to the administratively proposed candidate Research Natural Areas, which are managed by preserving and maintaining areas for ecological research, observation, genetic conservation, monitoring, and educational activities; (6) promote more effective land management that would meet specific National Forest needs for management, including acquisition of over 6,500 acres of land for new public access, watershed protection, ecologically rare habitats, wetlands, water frontage, and improved ownership patterns; (7) convey Federal land generally not needed for other Forest resource management objectives, because such land is adjacent to intensively developed private land including ferrous mining areas, where abundant mining infrastructure and transportation are already in place, including— (A) a large, intensively developed open pit mine lying directly to the north of the Federal land; (B) a private mine railroad, powerlines, and roads lying directly to the south of the Federal land; and (C) already existing ore processing, milling, and tailings facilities located approximately 5 miles to the west of the Federal land; and (8) provide a practical resolution to complex issues pertaining to the development of private mineral rights underlying the Federal land surface, and thereby avoid potential litigation which could adversely impact the status and management of the Federal land and other National Forest System land acquired under the authority of section 6 of the Act of March 1, 1911 (commonly known as the Weeks Law; 16 U.S.C. 515). 
In this Act: (1) COLLECTION AGREEMENTS .—The term ‘‘Collection Agreements’’ means the following agreements between the Secretary and Poly Met pertaining to the NorthMet Land Exchange: (A) The agreement dated August 25, 2015. (B) The agreement dated January 15, 2016. (2) FEDERAL LAND PARCEL .—The term ‘‘Federal land parcel’’ means all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to approximately 6,650 acres of National Forest System land, as identified in the Final Record of Decision, within the Superior National Forest in St. Louis County, Minnesota, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Federal Land Parcel– NorthMet Land Exchange’’, and dated June 2017. (3) NONFEDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘nonFederal land’’ means all right, title, and interest of Poly Met in and to approximately 6,690 acres of land in four separate tracts (comprising 10 separate land parcels in total) within the Superior National Forest to be conveyed to the United States by Poly Met in the land exchange as generally depicted on an overview map entitled 
‘‘NonFederal Land Parcels–NorthMet Land Exchange’’ and dated June 2017, and further depicted on separate tract maps as follows: (A) TRACT 1 .—Approximately 4,650 acres of land in St. Louis County, Minnesota, generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘NonFederal Land Parcels–NorthMet Land Exchange–Hay Lake Tract’’, and dated June 2017. (B) TRACT 2 .—Approximately 320 acres of land in 4 separate parcels in Lake County, Minnesota, generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘NonFederal Land Parcels–NorthMet Land Exchange–Lake County Lands’’, and dated June 2017. (C) TRACT 3 .—Approximately 1,560 acres of land in 4 separate parcels in Lake County, Minnesota, generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘NonFederal Land Parcels–NorthMet Land Exchange–Wolf Lands’’, and dated June 2017. (D) TRACT 4 .—Approximately 160 acres of land in St. Louis County, Minnesota, generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘NonFederal Land Parcel–NorthMet Land Exchange–Hunting Club Lands’’, dated June 2017. (4) NORTHMET LAND EXCHANGE .—The term ‘‘NorthMet Land Exchange’’ means the land exchange specifically authorized and directed by section 4 of this Act. (5) POLY MET .—The term ‘‘Poly Met’’ means Poly Met Mining Corporation, Inc., a Minnesota Corporation with executive offices in St. Paul, Minnesota, and headquarters in Hoyt Lakes, Minnesota. (6) RECORD OF DECISION .—The term ‘‘Record of Decision’’ means the Final Record of Decision of the Forest Service issued on January 9, 2017, approving the NorthMet Land exchange between the United States and PolyMet Mining, Inc., a Minnesota Corporation, involving National Forest System land in the Superior National Forest in Minnesota. (7) SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Agriculture. (8) STATE.—The term ‘‘State’’ means the State of Minnesota. 
(a) E XCHANGE AUTHORIZED AND DIRECTED .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Subject to section 5(c)(1) and other conditions imposed by this Act, if Poly Met offers to convey to the United States all right, title, and interest of Poly Met in and to the nonFederal land, the Secretary shall accept the offer and convey to Poly Met all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the Federal land parcel. (2) LAND EXCHANGE EXPEDITED .—Subject to the conditions imposed by this Act, the NorthMet Land Exchange directed by this Act shall be consummated not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act. (b) FORM OF CONVEYANCE .— (1) NONFEDERAL LAND .—Title to the nonFederal land conveyed by Poly Met to the United States shall be by general warranty deed subject to existing rights of record, and otherwise conform to the title approval regulations of the Attorney General of the United States. (2) FEDERAL LAND PARCEL .—The Federal land parcel shall be quitclaimed by the Secretary to Poly Met by an exchange deed. (c) EXCHANGE COSTS.— (1) REIMBURSEMENT REQUIRED .—Poly Met shall pay or reimburse the Secretary, either directly or through the Collection Agreements, for all land survey, appraisal, land title, deed preparation, and other costs incurred by the Secretary in processing and consummating the NorthMet Land Exchange. The Collection Agreements, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, may be modified through the mutual consent of the parties. (2) DEPOSIT OF FUNDS .—All funds paid or reimbursed to the Secretary under paragraph (1)— (A) shall be deposited and credited to the accounts in accordance with the Collection Agreements; (B) shall be used for the purposes specified for the accounts; and (C) shall remain available to the Secretary until expended without further appropriation. (d) CONDITIONS ON LANDEXCHANGE .— (1) RESERVATION OF CERTAIN MINERAL  
RIGHTS .—Notwithstanding subsection (a), the United States shall reserve the mineral rights on approximately 181 acres of the Federal land parcel as generally identified on the map entitled ‘‘Federal Land Parcel–NorthMet Land Exchange’’, and dated June 2017. (2) THIRDPARTY AUTHORIZATIONS .—As set forth in the Final Record of Decision, Poly Met shall honor existing road and transmission line authorizations on the Federal land parcel. Upon relinquishment of the authorizations by the holders or upon revocation of the authorizations by the Forest Service, Poly Met shall offer replacement authorizations to the holders on at least equivalent terms. 
(a) A PPRAISALS .—The Congress makes the following new findings: (1) Appraisals of the Federal and nonFederal lands to be exchanged in the NorthMet Land Exchange were formally prepared in accordance with the Uniform Appraisal Standards for Federal Land Acquisitions, and were approved by the Secretary in conjunction with preparation of the November 2015 Draft Record of Decision on the NorthMet Land Exchange. (2) The appraisals referred to in paragraph (1) determined that the value of the nonFederal lands exceeded the value of the Federal land parcel by approximately $425,000. (3) Based on the appraisals referred to in paragraph (1), the United States would ordinarily be required to make a $425,000 cash equalization payment to Poly Met to equalize exchange values under the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), unless such an equalization payment is waived by Poly Met. (b) VALUES FOR CONSUMMATION OF LANDEXCHANGE .—The appraised values of the Federal and nonFederal land determined and approved by the Secretary in November 2015, and referenced in subsection (a)— (1) shall be the values utilized to consummate the NorthMet Land Exchange; and (2) shall not be subject to reappraisal. (c) WAIVER OF EQUALIZATION PAYMENT .— (1) CONDITION ON LAND EXCHANGE .—Notwith standing section 206(b) of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act (43 U.S.C. 1716(b)), and as part of its offer to exchange the non Federal lands as provided in section 4(a)(1) of this Act, Poly Met shall waive any payment to it of any monies owed by the United States to equalize land values. (2) TREATMENT OF WAIVER .—A waiver of the equalization payment under paragraph (1) shall be considered as a voluntary donation to the United States by Poly Met for all purposes of law. 
(a) M INOR ADJUSTMENTS .—By mutual agreement, the Secretary and Poly Met may correct minor or typographical errors in any map, acreage estimate, or description of the Federal land parcel or nonFederal land to be exchanged in the NorthMet Land Exchange. (b) CONFLICT .—If there is a conflict between a map, an acreage estimate, or a description of land under this Act, the map shall control unless the Secretary and Poly Met mutually agree otherwise. (c) EXCHANGE MAPS.—The maps referred to in section 3 depicting the Federal and nonFederal lands to be exchanged in the NorthMet Land Exchange, and dated June 2017, depict the identical lands identified in the Final Record of Decision, which are on file in the Office of the Supervisor, Superior National Forest. 
(a) N ONFEDERAL LAND.—Upon conveyance of the nonFederal land to the United States in the NorthMet Land Exchange, the nonFederal land shall become part of the Superior National Forest and be managed in accordance with— (1) the Act of March 1, 1911 (commonly known as the Weeks Law; 16 U.S.C. 500 et seq.); and (2) the laws and regulations applicable to the Superior National Forest and the National Forest System. (b) PLANNING .—Upon acquisition by the United States in the NorthMet Land Exchange, the nonFederal lands shall be managed in a manner consistent with the land and resource management plan applicable to adjacent federally owned lands in the Superior National Forest. An amendment or supplement to the land and resource management plan shall not be required solely because of the acquisition of the nonFederal lands. (c) FEDERAL LAND.—Upon conveyance of the Federal land parcel to Poly Met in the NorthMet Land Exchange, the Federal land parcel shall become private land and available for any lawful use in accordance with applicable Federal, State, and local laws and regulations pertaining to mining and other uses of land in private ownership. 
(a) W ITHDRAWAL OF ACQUIRED NONFEDERAL  LAND.—The nonFederal lands acquired by the United States in the NorthMet Land Exchange shall be withdrawn, without further action by the Secretary, from appropriation and disposal under public land laws and under laws relating to mineral and geothermal leasing. (b) WITHDRAWAL REVOCATION .—Any public land order that withdraws the Federal land parcel from appropriation or disposal under a public land law shall be revoked without further action by the Secretary to the extent necessary to permit conveyance of the Federal land parcel to Poly Met. (c) WITHDRAWAL OF FEDERAL LANDPENDING  CONVEYANCE .—The Federal land parcel to be conveyed to Poly Met in the NorthMet Land Exchange, if not already withdrawn or segregated from appropriation or disposal under the mineral leasing and geothermal or other public land laws upon enactment of this Act, is hereby so withdrawn, subject to valid existing rights, until the date of conveyance of the Federal land parcel to Poly Met. (d) ACTCONTROLS .—In the event any provision of the Record of Decision conflicts with a provision of this Act, the provision of this Act shall control. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON ) and the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. TORRES ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. 
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3115, authored by Congressman RICHARD NOLAN , is a bipartisan bill that implements a land exchange to facilitate the exercise of certain mineral rights in the Superior National Forest in Minnesota to create economic growth for the area. Congressman NOLAN will certainly provide the history of this exchange, 
but I do want to take note that this bill has greater impacts than just a single forest in Minnesota. Across the United States, people hold mineral estates underlying lands that were acquired by the National Forest under the Weeks Act. Without an agreement such as the one authorized by this bill, their ability to exercise those valid preexisting rights is in jeopardy. I note that the land exchange authorized in this bill has undergone extensive environmental review under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 and was supported by the Obama administration. This is an equalvalue land exchange, but the holder of the mineral estate forgoes any equalization under the bill if the private land being swapped for the Federal land is worth more. Finally, the bill provides a net increase in the size of the Superior National Forest of 40 acres. It is no wonder that this bill was supported by the ranking members of the Subcommittee on Federal Lands and the Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources when it was considered by the Natural Resources Committee in July. I commend Congressman NOLAN , Congressman COLLIN PETERSON , Congressman TOMEMMER , and Congressman JASON LEWIS for working together to craft this commonsense solution bill to help Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3115 authorizes a land exchange between the Forest Service and PolyMet Mining. PolyMet will acquire land within Minnesota’s Superior National Forest to pursue the development of an open pit mine. While the Forest Service already approved the exchange, I understand several groups of concerned Minnesotans have expressed concerns about the proposed development, including the Fon du Lac Band of Lake Superior Chippewa, a federally recognized Tribe whose reservation is downstream from the proposed mine. The area to be exchanged is part of the Tribe’s ancestral homeland, and they have concerns that the conveyance could impact rights to hunt, fish, and gather. Federal ownership protects these rights. As ranking member of the Subcommittee on Indian, Insular, and Alaska Native Affairs, I think it is important that we listen to the concerns of tribal communities. That said, I understand this bill is a priority for Representative NOLAN , and I look forward to hearing his perspectives. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. NOLAN ), the sponsor of this legislation. Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3115, the land exchange between PolyMet Mining Corporation and the Superior National Forest of the U.S. Forest Service. Let me begin by saying that what the exchange involves is PolyMet giving up approximately 6,550 acres of forestland that is surrounded by old mining sites, with no public access. In return, they are giving us 6,690 acres, or an additional 40 acres, which is a wonderfully good deal for the taxpayers and the concerns of the environment, if people just look at the exchange. At the end of the day, the taxpayers get more land and more value—$425,000, to be exact. There is no cost to the taxpayers. The public gets more access to the land. They get more lakeshore property, more timberland, more wild rice land, and more wetlands. If approved and if the PolyMet Mining project should ultimately go forward—by the way, it has received the highest marks that any mining project has ever received from the EPA, after almost 12 years of review—the simple truth is that this is a good bill for the public. Let me say it is important to note that there are some things that this bill does not do. I need to say that because there is some terrible misinformation floating around out there. Number one, it does not authorize a mining project. Let’s make that very clear. Number two, it does not interfere with the State and Federal environmental review processes, procedures, and permitting process. Most importantly, the preponderance of the information coming into my office is concern for the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness, and rightfully so. I was an original sponsor of that legislation back in the day before I took my little 32year hiatus. There is no more precious, pristine area in this country—perhaps, the world—that needs to be protected. Let me show you something. For those of you who weren’t paying attention in science class, there is the Continental Divide. The water north of that flows north and water to the south of that flows south. This project is south of the Continental Divide, so there is physically no way possible, short of a nuclear bomb or getting hit by a planet or something, that that water can flow into and in any way harm or damage the Boundary Waters. To be specific, right here, there already is a 60yearold mining project, Northshore Mining. They have been mining there 60 years. And by the way, there is sulfur in that soil, as well. It has never caused any damage to the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness. This is a good bill for the environment, good for jobs, and it is good for the community. In no way can it harm or damage the Boundary Waters or I wouldn’t be standing here today advocating for its purchase. I urge my colleagues to adopt this important piece of legislation. I remind them that it has good bipartisan support from our Minnesota Senators and the Governor, bipartisan support from our congressional delegation, chambers of commerce, and the trade unions. It is a good bill, and I urge its adoption. b1700 Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM ). Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 3115, the Superior National Forest Land Exchange Act of 2017. This bill mandates an exchange of more than 6,600 acres in the Superior National Forest for the construction of a massive open pit sulfideore copper and nickel mine. This project is controversial with the majority of Minnesotans who oppose the toxic sulfideore mining because it is a threat to our water quality, public lands, and outdoor recreation in our State. This legislation also raises serious due process concerns. There are four pending lawsuits challenging the land exchange based on existing environmental laws and concerns about the appropriate appraisal values. Federal courts are still considering these suits, but this legislation undermines the proper judicial review to expedite the construction of the PolyMet mine. Finally, this bill ignores the treaty rights of the Fond du Lac Band of Lake Superior Chippewa, a federally recognized Tribal nation. The Fond du Lac Reservation is downstream from the proposed mine site, and the Tribal chairman has told Congress this mine will, and I quote the Tribal chairman, ‘‘pose a direct threat to the water and the fish, the game, and the wild rice on which the Tribe depends.’’ The National Congress of American Indians also strongly opposes this legislation. H.R. 3115 undermines legal due process, environmental safeguards, and the treaty rights of our Native American brothers and sisters, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 3115. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. COLLINS of New York). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3115, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
21ST CENTURY RESPECT ACT Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 995) to direct the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of the Interior to amend regulations for racial appropriateness, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 995 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘21st Century Respect Act’’. 
(a) S ECRETARY OF AGRICULTURE .—The Sec retary of Agriculture shall amend section 1901.202 of title 7, Code of Federal Regulations, for purposes of— (1) replacing the reference to the term ‘‘Negro or Black’’ with ‘‘Black or African American’’; (2) replacing the reference to the term ‘‘Spanish Surname’’ with ‘‘Hispanic’’; and (3) replacing the reference to the term ‘‘Oriental’’ with ‘‘Asian American or Pacific Islander’’. (b) SECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR .—The Sec retary of the Interior shall amend section 906.2 of title 36, Code of Federal Regulations, for purposes of— (1) replacing the references to the term ‘‘Negro’’ with ‘‘Black or African American’’; (2) replacing the definition of ‘‘Negro’’ with the definition of ‘‘Black or African American’’ as ‘‘a person having origins in any of the Black racial groups of Africa’’; (3) replacing the references to the term ‘‘Oriental’’ with ‘‘Asian American or Pacific Islander’’; and (4) replacing the references to the terms ‘‘Eskimo’’ and ‘‘Aleut’’ with ‘‘Alaska Native’’. 
Nothing in this Act, or the amendments required by this Act, shall be construed to affect Federal law, except with respect to the use of terms by the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of the Interior, respectively, to the regulations affected by this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON ) and the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. TORRES ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. 
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the United States is 241 years old. In that time, the country has seen an immense amount of change and growth. Over the course of history, laws and policies have been updated to be able to reflect this growth. However, some decadesold statutes and regulations still contain antiquated terms. Enacted in 2016, Public Law 114–157 modernized antiquated ethnic terms related to minorities found in the Office of Minority Economic Impact of the Department of Energy and section 106 of the Local Public Works Capital Development and Investment Act of 1976 for racial appropriateness. H.R. 995 would make similar changes to terms found in certain regulations of the Department of Agriculture and the Department of the Interior. Mr. Speaker, I thank the sponsor of this bill, Mr. JEFFRIES , and I urge adoption of the measure. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, November 20, 2017. Hon. K. MICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman, Committee on Agriculture, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : We thank you for agreeing to discharge the Committee on Agriculture from further consideration of H.R. 995, the 21st Century Respect Act, that the Committee on Natural Resources ordered favorably reported, as amended, on November 8, 2017. This concession in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Agriculture represented on the conference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to include this letter and your response in the bill report and in the Congressional Record. Thank you for your consideration of my request and for the extraordinary cooperation shown by you and your staff over matters of shared jurisdiction. I look forward to further opportunities to work with you this Congress. Sincerely, ROBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , Washington, DC, November 20, 2017. Hon. ROBBISHOP , Chariman, Committee on Natural Resources, Washington, DC. DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for the opportunity to review H.R. 995, 21st Century Respect Act. As you are aware, the bill was primarily referred to the Committee on Natural Resources, while the Agriculture Committee received an additional referral. I recognize and appreciate your desire to bring this legislation before the House in an expeditious manner and, accordingly, I agree to discharge H.R. 995 from further consideration by the Committee on Agriculture. I do so with the understanding that by discharging the bill, the Committee on Agriculture does not waive any future jurisdictional claim on this or similar matters. Further, the Committee on Agriculture reserves the right to seek the appointment of conferees, if it should become necessary. I ask that you insert a copy of our exchange of letters into the Congressional Record during consideration of this measure on the House floor. Thank you for your courtesy in this matter and I look forward to continued cooperation between our respective committees. Sincerely, K. MICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman. 
Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill could not be more straightforward. H.R. 995 would require the USDA and the Department of the Interior to change the terminology used to describe the racial background or place of origin of people. These very outdated and offensive racial terms have no place in our Federal regulations. Modernizing these terms should be a continuous effort across all agencies. I want to thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. JEFFRIES ) for his leadership on this issue by pushing this legislation forward. Mr. Speaker, I want to include in the RECORD the phrases that this bill would change: replacing the references to the term ‘‘Negro’’ with ‘‘Black or African American;’’ replacing the definition of ‘‘Negro’’ with the definition of ‘‘African American’’ as ‘‘a person having origins;’’ replacing the references of the term ‘‘Oriental’’ with ‘‘Asian American;’’ and replacing the references to the terms ‘‘Eskimo’’ and ‘‘Aleut’’ with ‘‘Alaska Native.’’ I think it is only fair that we move to pass this bill and finally address people as we should. I also want to bring attention to the title of the bill, which is the 21st Century Respect Act. Mr. Speaker, I also want to add that the bill was reported out of committee by unanimous vote. I want to read into the RECORD Representative JEFFRIES ’ remarks on H.R. 995, the 21st Century Respect Act, a bipartisan bill that will remove outdated and offensive racial labels from the Code of Federal Regulations: 
I thank Ranking Member Grijalva and Mrs. Torres and Chairman Bishop and Mr. LaMalfa for working with me to move this important bill expeditiously through committee. I also want to thank Congressman CHABOT for his support and partnership. Words matter. They can cause great harm by making people feel lesser or other, and when words are rooted in bigotry in our Nation’s laws, it signals that we, as a country, are legitimizing and normalizing bigotry. Unfortunately, there are still laws on the books that use old offensive racial terms to refer to our fellow Americans. These terms come from areas where intolerance was acceptable, and they have no place in modern society. For example, title 36 of this CFR still uses the term ‘‘Eskimo’’ to refer to certain indigenous Americans from Alaska. People in many parts of the arctic consider ‘‘Eskimo’’ a derogatory term because it was widely used to connote barbarism and violence. The 21st Century Respect Act replaces ‘‘Eskimo’’ with ‘‘Alaska Native,’’ a modern term embraced by the people that it describes. Title 7 also includes the terms ‘‘Oriental’’ and ‘‘Negro,’’ which are terms that are disparaging today. H.R. 995 replaces those old labels with ‘‘Asian American’’ or ‘‘Pacific Islander’’ and ‘‘Black’’ or ‘‘African American,’’ respectively. These new terms reflect America’s growth and progress. Now, more than ever, we need to be conscious of the signals and messages that our 
words and actions are sending to our fellow citizens. As elected officials, it is our responsibility to lead by example and make sure that our laws and institutions reflect our best aspirations of unity and respect for Americans of all backgrounds. Passing the 21st Century Respect Act is a demonstration of our commitment to ensuring that every person who pledges allegiance to our flag feels valued and included by the Nation it represents. I encourage all of my colleagues to support H.R. 995. 
Mr. Speaker, these are words from Congressman HAKEEM JEFFRIES , who is on his way. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I think the legislation that we are seeing on this floor today demonstrates addressing a variety of issues, be it on our public lands, needing that to be able to be updated, private property rights to be able to update it, but probably nothing is more personal than the legislation that we are addressing at this particular moment, to be able to be respectful of individuals and have that there to actually be able to be addressed. b1715 This legislation is a long time coming—much like Mr. JEFFRIES , coming to the floor—to be able to address this important piece of legislation, for the House to be able to consider, as we move forward with our business. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. DEMINGS ). Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 995, the 21st Century Respect Act, which we all know is a bipartisan bill that will remove outdated and offensive racial labels from the Code of Federal Regulations. Mr. Speaker, we all know that words matter. They matter. We all stand and recite the Pledge of Allegiance every day. Every day I take those words very, very seriously. Words do matter. It is time that we remove outdated and offensive language from any code, policy, law, regulation: words like Eskimo, words like Oriental—my God— words like Negro. They matter. As elected officials, we have a responsibility. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, can you tell me how much time I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from California has 11 minutes remaining. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. JEFFRIES ). Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentlewoman from California for yielding and for her leadership as well as her support, in addition to Ranking Member GRIJALVA , Chairman BISHOP , Chairman L AMALFA , and the entire committee for moving this bill expeditiously to the House floor and for their leadership and partnership in this regard. I also want to thank my good friend and fellow Judiciary Committee member, Congressman CHABOT , for his support, leadership, and cosponsorship of this legislation. Words definitely matter. They can cause great harm and division, particularly when they are embedded in Federal statute. So this step that we are taking today, as it relates to the 21st Century Respect Act, is important, as a symbol from this Congress, the people’s House, to the Nation that we can come together, that we are all fellow Americans, and that outdated, antiquated, and racially stereotypical terms like Negro and Eskimo and Oriental are not appropriate at this time in America. They reflect a more divisive bygone era. Mr. Speaker, I am thankful to all of my colleagues for coming together in this regard, a small but meaningful step in an era otherwise characterized by great division, and perhaps an indication that we can come together as Democrats, as Republicans, and as people of diverse racial backgrounds to heal whatever divisions may remain in our society. Mr. Speaker, I thank all of my colleagues for their leadership and support. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 995, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to direct the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of the Interior to modernize terms in certain regulations.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
LAW ENFORCEMENT MENTAL HEALTH AND WELLNESS ACT OF 2017 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2228) to provide support for law enforcement agency efforts to protect the mental health and wellbeing of law enforcement officers, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H. R. 2228 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Law Enforcement Mental Health and Wellness Act of 2017’’. SEC. 2. SUPPORT FOR LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES. 
(a) I NTERAGENCY COLLABORATION .—The At torney General shall consult with the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit to Congress a report, which shall be made publicly available, on Department of Defense and Department of Veterans Affairs mental health practices and services that could be adopted by Federal, State, local, or tribal law enforcement agencies. (b) CASESTUDIES .—The Director of the Office of Community Oriented Policing Services shall submit to Congress a report— (1) that is similar to the report entitled ‘‘Health, Safety, and Wellness Program Case Studies in Law Enforcement’’ published by the Office of Community Oriented Policing Services in 2015; and (2) that focuses on case studies of programs designed primarily to address officer psychological health and wellbeing. (c) PEERMENTORING PILOT PROGRAM .—Sec tion 1701(b) of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10381(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (21), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (22), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(23) to establish peer mentoring mental health and wellness pilot programs within State, tribal, and local law enforcement agencies.’’. 
The Attorney General, in coordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall develop resources to educate mental health providers about the culture of Federal, State, tribal, and local law enforcement agencies and evidencebased therapies for mental health issues common to Federal, State, local, and tribal law enforcement officers. 
The Attorney General shall— (1) in consultation with Federal, State, local, and tribal law enforcement agencies— (A) identify and review the effectiveness of any existing crisis hotlines for law enforcement officers; (B) provide recommendations to Congress on whether Federal support for existing crisis hotlines or the creation of an alternative hotline would improve the effectiveness or use of the hotline; and (C) conduct research into the efficacy of an annual mental health check for law enforcement officers; (2) in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security and the head of other Federal agencies that employ law enforcement officers, examine the mental health and wellness needs of Federal law enforcement officers, including the efficacy of expanding peer mentoring programs for law enforcement officers at each Federal agency; (3) ensure that any recommendations, resources, or programs provided under this Act protect the privacy of participating law enforcement officers; and (4) not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act, submit a report to Congress containing findings from the review and research under paragraphs (1) and (2), and final recommendations based upon those findings. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  LEE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 2228, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Today we are voting on H.R. 2228, the Law Enforcement Mental Health and Wellness Act. This bill is designed to equip local law enforcement agencies with information and resources to address mental health challenges faced by officers. Our policemen and women report for duty every day, facing and responding to danger on our behalf. We often see them and we always appreciate them. However, we often don’t consider the mental aspect of the challenges facing our officers who put themselves in harm’s way to protect our communities. Today we consider the toll their jobs take on their psychological wellbeing. Every day, these brave men and women face some of the highest stress situations one can imagine. When officers hang up their badges at the end of a shift, they cannot easily hang up the lingering effects of their highstakes encounters. As this stress accumulates, it can lead to serious physical and mental health problems. Research has shown time and again that police officer occupational stress is directly correlated to heart disease, divorce, alcohol abuse, and major psychological illnesses, including acute stress disorder, posttraumatic stress disorder, depression, and anxiety disorders. Over 900,000 men and women serve as sworn law enforcement officers in the United States. Each year, more of them die from suicide than from gunfire and traffic accidents combined. Many departments have started mental health programs as preventative measures. These programs have been successful in reducing the number of police officer suicides from 300 in 1998 to 126 in 2012. But in departments where mental health and wellness programs remain absent, these problems continue. We must address this gap. H.R. 2228 directs the Department of Justice, in consultation with the Departments of Defense and Veterans Affairs, to equip local law enforcement agencies to address mental health challenges faced by police officers. It also permits DOJ’s Office of Community Oriented Policing Services to award grants to peer mentoring pilot programs, and it directs the Attorney General to make recommendations on how to make these and other programs more effective. Mr. Speaker, we all recognize the profound challenges faced by law enforcement in this country. Today we also acknowledge the unseen toll that these challenges can take on the health of these brave men and women. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mrs. BROOKS  from Indiana for introducing this bill, and my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for this important step in providing law enforcement agencies with the resources to treat severe mental and physical stress. Our men and women in blue deserve the appreciation and support of all of us. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I wish and hope that all of my colleagues and Americans had a wonderful Thanksgiving. I thank the men and women of the United States military for their service. It is particularly noteworthy that they serve in this time when families are gathered. I thank Mr. GOODLATTE for collaborating on this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2228, the Law Enforcement Mental Health and Wellness Act of 2017. Ensuring the mental health and wellbeing of our law enforcement officers is paramount to the safety of our communities and the people our officers take a solemn oath to protect. I am also very pleased to acknowledge VALDEMINGS , a colleague and a member of the Homeland Security Committee, of which I serve. We are better off for the experience, commitment, and professional career that she had as a law enforcement officer and chief. She is one of the cosponsors of this legislation and I look forward to hearing from her. Let me also take note of the fact that Texas experienced a depth of sadness over the holiday weekend when we lost one of our Department of Public Safety officers, who was killed by a perpetrator during the Thanksgiving weekend. We pray for him and his family. H.R. 2228 is intended to provide support for law enforcement agency efforts to protect the mental health and well being of law enforcement officers. I support this legislation as a good first step towards Congress addressing the various matters surrounding the mental health of our law enforcement officers. We must recognize that law enforcement officers play a special role in our communities, with exceptional responsibilities to protect and serve where they see, encounter, and respond to horrendous situations that are dangerous, stressful, and often lifethreatening. Imagine those officers who came upon that scene Sunday morning in Texas a few weeks ago where 27 Texans were murdered in church and 20 were injured. Imagine churches that are frightened about worshipping. Imagine, as I left my hometown Houston, that there were law enforcement officers who were gathered to meet with pastors to give them comfort. They are there for us. As well, for example, law enforcement officers have had to respond to several recent tragedies, which include the Pulse nightclub shooting in Orlando, Florida, where 49 people were killed and 53 others were wounded; the killing of 5 officers and the wounding of 9 other officers, along with 2 civilians in Dallas, Texas; the San Bernardino, California, shooting of 14 innocent employees; the Las Vegas, Nevada, massacre, where a gunman killed 58 innocent concertgoers and injured nearly 500 others; and, again, most recently, as I indicated, on November 5, the deadliest mass shooting by an individual in Texas, the fifth deadliest mass shooting in the United States, as well as the deadliest shooting in an American place of worship in modern history, where 26 were gunned down in Sutherland Springs, Texas, including an 18monthold child, a pregnant mother, and where 20 others were injured. These horrific occurrences have become all too common in today’s society. These chilling tragedies continue to affect us all. Imagine the impact that they have collectively on our law enforcement officers with whom these traumatic situations remain long after the threats are reduced. Everyone has returned home and communities they serve have regained a renewed sense of safety. Imagine that officer that comes upon a horrific traffic accident that kills a family. Imagine their pain and their concern. Requiring these officers to continue to serve without providing them an effective avenue to process the daytoday crisis does an injustice to them. That is why this is a very important initiative and I am really excited to support it. I want to also raise for my colleagues that I have been a longstanding advocate for helping police officers, as we have worked together with the chairman of the committee and other members of the committee. I want to make mention of the Law Enforcement Trust and Integrity Act, which takes a comprehensive approach to addressing policing issues, including recognition of the importance of sustaining the mental wellbeing of our officers. This piece of legislation addresses tragedies where we have seen actions take place. Countless unfortunate incidents have happened maybe because of the lack of deescalation. b1730 This bill, I hope we can move along, as this bill that we have, the underlying bill, requires the Attorney General to perform an initial analysis of existing law enforcement accreditation standards and to recommend areas for development. That gives training, and it also takes into account mental health needs and funding needs. 
It authorizes the Attorney General to make grants to States, units of local government, Indian tribal governments to study law enforcement agency management and operations and to develop pilot programs to implement best practices. It requires the Attorney General to study the prevalence and impact of any law, rule, or procedure that allows a law enforcement officer to delay the answer to questions posed, as quickly as possible, by any of the authorities investigating situations. It authorizes appropriations for expenses related to criminal and civil enforcement activities by the Civil Rights Division of the Justice Department. It requires the Department of Justice to establish a task force to assist in local investigations, and it requires each Federal, State, and local law enforcement agency to report to the Attorney General on the actions in that particular department to help that department assess its own work. It requires the Department of Justice to cooperate with the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund— something that was very important to me—to create and provide a distinctive medallion to be issued to the survivors of law enforcement officers killed in the line of duty or memorialized on the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial. This is in sync with the task force that was held in the last administration that offered to discuss ways to improve policing and to help our individual police officers. We want to be partners for safety and security and community police relations, and we want them to have good health and the ability to serve the public in a good health mindset. Under today’s bill, the Attorney General shall review current mental health practices and services of Federal agencies and report to Congress, develop resources to educate mental healthcare providers about the law enforcement culture across the board, and develop evidencebased therapies as a result. I believe this legislation and the Law Enforcement Integrity Legislation, if passed, will create an atmosphere where law enforcement officers will be comfortable in sharing their thoughts or their assessments or best practices. Under this bill, the underlying bill, the Director of Community Oriented Policing Services shall conduct case studies that focuses on programs designed primarily to address officer psychological health and wellbeing and submit such a report to Congress. The Attorney General shall also consult with the Secretary of Homeland Security and the heads of Federal agencies to examine the mental health needs of Federal law enforcement officers and the efficacy of expanding peer mentoring programs; ensure the recommendations, resources, or programs protect the privacy of officers—that is extremely important—and report these findings to the Congress no later than 1 year after enactment. Mr. Speaker, the key to all of this is to build the trust between community and police, the police community and the police families and families of those who come within the range of law enforcement. If we can all work together, we can trust each other, we will have a better system of justice. This bill is a good first step, and I look forward to working as well with other law enforcement bills, including the Law Enforcement Integrity bill that I have just so noted. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2228, the ‘‘Law Enforcement Mental Health Act of 2017.’’ Ensuring the mental health and well being of our law enforcement officers is paramount to the safety of our communities and the people our officers take a solemn oath to protect. H.R. 2228 is intended to provide support for law enforcement agency efforts to protect the mental health and wellbeing of law enforcement officers. These horrific occurrences have become all too common in today’s society. These chilling tragedies continue to affect us all. Imagine the impact they have collectively on our law enforcement officers, with whom these traumatic situations remain long after the threats are reduced, everyone has returned home and communities they serve have regained a renewed sense of safety. Requiring these officers to continue to serve, without providing them an effective avenue to process these daytoday crises does an injustice to them. For example, law enforcement officers have had to respond to several recent tragedies which include: the Pulse nightclub shooting in Orlando, Florida, where 49 people were killed and 53 others wounded; the killing of five officers and wounding of nine other officers along with two civilians in Dallas, Texas; the San Bernardino shooting of 14 innocent employees; the Las Vegas massacre, where a gunman killed 58 innocent concertgoers and injured nearly 500 others; and again, most recently on November 5, the deadliest mass shooting by an individual in Texas, the fifth deadliest mass shooting in the United States, as well as the deadliest shooting in an American place of worship in modern history, where 26 were gunned down in Sutherland Springs, including an 18monthold child and a pregnant mother, and where 20 others were injured. This is why I have been a longstanding advocate for adoption of the ‘‘Law Enforcement Trust and Integrity Act,’’ which takes a comprehensive approach to addressing policing issues, including a recognition of the importance of sustaining the mental wellbeing of our officers. This piece of legislation addresses the tragedies in some of our most recent cases such as: Tamir Rice, Brown, Freddie Gray and Garner and the countless others that do not receive publicity. The bill provides seven substantive approaches towards improving law enforcement management and misconduct prosecution tools: (1) It requires the Attorney General to perform initial analysis of existing law enforcement accreditation standards and to recommend areas for development. (2) It authorizes the Attorney General to make grants to States, units of local government, Indian Tribal Governments, to study law enforcement agency management and operations and to develop pilot programs to implement best practices. (3) It requires the Attorney General to study the prevalence and impact of any law, rule or procedure that allows a law enforcement officer to delay the answer to questions posed by a local internal affairs officer, prosecutor, or review board on the investigative integrity and prosecution of law enforcement misconduct. (4) It authorizes appropriations for expenses related to criminal and civil enforcement activities by the Civil Rights Division of the Justice Department. (5) It requires the Department of Justice to estabijsh a task force to coordinate the investigation, prosecution and enforcement efforts of Federal, state and local governments in cases related to law enforcement misconduct. (6) It requires each Federal, State, and local law enforcement agency to report to the Attorney General data on the following: (1) traffic violation stops; (2) pedestrian stops and detentions; and (3) the use of deadly force by and against law enforcement officers. (7) It requires the Department of Justice, in cooperation with the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund, to create and provide a distinctive medallion to be issued to the survivors of law enforcement officers killed in the line of duty or memorialized on the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial. These are all measures similar in nature to those undertaken by the Obama Task Force Initiative. In short, the Law Enforcement Integrity and Trust Act would help law enforcement officers do their jobs, knowing that they have our support. This is why it was endorsed by a broad range of legal, communitybased and law enforcement groups nationwide. Under today’s bill, the Attorney General shall review current mental health practices and services of Federal agencies and report to Congress, develop resources to educate mental health care providers about the law enforcement culture across the board, and develop evidencebased therapies as a result. Under this bill the Director of Community Oriented Policing Services shall conduct case studies that focus on programs designed primarily to address officers’ psychological health and wellbeing and submit such report to Congress. I support this legislation as a good first step towards Congress addressing the various matters surrounding the mental health of our law enforcement officers. We must recognize that law enforcement officers play a special role in our communities, with exceptional responsibilities to protect and serve, where they see, encounter, and respond to horrendous situations that are both dangerous and stressful, and often lifethreatening. The Attorney General shall also consult with the Secretary of Homeland Security and head of Federal agencies to examine the mental health needs of Federal law enforcement officers and the efficacy of expanding peer mentoring programs; ensure the recommendations, resources, or programs protect the privacy of officers; and report these findings to Congress no later than one year after enactment. As this is a good first step, I support the bill and ask my colleagues to do the same. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. BROOKS ), the chief sponsor of this legislation. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Virginia for yielding. I also want to thank the gentleman for his leadership of the House Judiciary Committee and for his many, many years of support for law enforcement. Mr. Speaker, I also want to thank the gentlewoman from Texas for her support of this bill and for being the leading voice today to talk about trust between the law enforcement community and the communities which they protect. I believe that this bill will go a long way in helping our law enforcement and that the communities in which they serve to protect should recognize the types of trials and tribulations that our law enforcement officers face every day. Mr. Speaker, I also want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle who, before coming to Congress, were leaders in the law enforcement community—including the gentlewoman from Florida, whom, I believe, we will hear from—who, day in and day out, served and protected their own communities. Mr. Speaker, I introduced the Law Enforcement Mental Health and Wellness Act because our Nation’s law enforcement officers often deal with the unthinkable. They daily face situations that can be hard to process and impossible to forget. The work our Nation’s law enforcement officers undertake puts incredible strains on them, on their families. It places them in situations that increase their chances of developing mental disorders. According to the National Alliance on Mental Illness, between 7 and 19 percent of police officers have symptoms of PTSD. In comparison, only 3
1⁄2percent of the general population experience PTSD. Furthermore, the suicide rate for our Nation’s law enforcement officers is double the rate at which officers are killed by violent felons. In the Fifth District of Indiana, Boone County Sheriff Mike Nielsen desperately and publicly pleaded for better mental health services after his daughter, also a police officer, tried to take her own life. She was struggling with PTSD after responding to a case involving the murder of a mother and her 4yearold son. Our police officers face a culture of silence when it comes to mental health challenges, and we know they need better access to mental health services to allow them to cope with these horrific types of unforgettable situations. As a former deputy mayor of Indianapolis responsible for public safety, I know firsthand the struggles our law enforcement community members face in their work. The Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department recognized this problem several years ago and began a pilot program that provides mental health services to officers, including counseling and referrals to doctors, psychologists, and clinicians to get them the help they need, and that program actually inspired this bill. Recognizing the tremendous work already being done by the Veterans Administration and the Department of Defense on behalf of our Nation’s servicemembers, this bill will require the Justice Department to consult with those Federal agencies to determine which mental health practices they have developed that would be most useful in the law enforcement setting. We also have to encourage our officers to share their experiences with their colleagues who can understand and empathize with them about the traumatic events they experience while serving in the line of duty. To that end, this bill establishes a grant program within the Justice Department to establish peer mentoring mental health and wellness pilot programs within State, local, and tribal law enforcement agencies. Mr. Speaker, this is an issue that affects the law enforcement community across the country. I urge my colleagues, and I want to thank my colleagues for joining with me, to support this important proposal. Our Nation’s law enforcement officers are duty bound to protect and serve, and it is only fair that we work to protect them as well from the stress and trauma that they face to keep our communities safe. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for her remarks. We are working together to build that trust and to safely secure the community and our officers. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. DEMINGS ). She brings to the United States Congress very important contributions as the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Intergovernmental Affairs. These voices are well needed. Congresswoman VALDEMINGS  is the former chief of police of the City of Orlando, Florida. Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas for being a leading voice on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Law Enforcement Mental Health and Wellness Act, which I am proud to cosponsor with my friend and colleague, Representative SUSAN BROOKS  from Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I also want to thank all of my colleagues for their support on this very important issue. Our law enforcement officers respond to some of the most horrific scenes and situations. After 27 years in law enforcement, how well I know. They respond without regard to their own personal safety, and they are the thin blue line that stands between a safe place and the dangers that lurk in our society. We should all thank God for the men and women who patrol our streets, our neighborhoods, our businesses, our schools, and our highways to keep us safe. Being a law enforcement officer is not just what they do, it is who they are—all the dangers, the unknowns, the graphic crime scenes, splitsecond, lifeanddeath decisions. Don’t be fooled. There is no other job quite like it. The national president of the Fraternal Order of Police said this: ‘‘Unlike many other professions, sometimes you can’t leave the job at the office.’’ Mr. Speaker, as a former law enforcement officer, I am proud to cosponsor the Law Enforcement Mental Health and Wellness Act. This important piece of legislation would ensure that agencies are better equipped and officers have the resources needed to effectively deal with the stress and mental health challenges associated with the job. Mr. Speaker, what an amazing opportunity we have to pass legislation to protect the mental health and overall wellbeing of the men and women in blue as they continue to protect and take care of us. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ), a distinguished and senior member of the Judiciary Committee, the chair of the Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual Property, and the Internet. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the Law Enforcement Mental Health and Wellness Act. This bill would take a number of steps to help protect the mental wellbeing of those who take extraordinary steps to protect all of us. The Office of Community Oriented Policing Services at the Department of Justice reports that law enforcement has an occupational fatality rate three to five times higher than the national average for the working population. Officers respond to horrible situations that are dangerous, stressful, and sometimes lifethreatening. In addition to protecting law enforcement officers from the physical hazards associated with doing their daily jobs, we must also do more to protect them from the mental and emotional difficulties resulting from their work. That is why I support this bill, which would initiate several efforts to help the mental wellness of our law enforcement officers. The bill calls for the collaboration of the Justice Department, the Defense Department, and the Department of Veterans Affairs to determine which mental health practices and services from the military agencies may be adopted to help civilian law enforcement. The bill would expand the allowable uses of existing Justice Department grants to include establishment of 
mental health and wellness programs within State, local, and tribal law enforcement agencies. The bill would direct the Justice Department and the Department of Health and Human Services to develop educational materials for mental health providers about the culture of law enforcement agencies. Finally, the bill would consider improvements to crisis hotlines to better serve those from law enforcement who seek to use them. Although I am particularly proud of New York’s finest, I am glad that this bill will help law enforcement officers in every jurisdiction across the country. Their service certainly deserves the assistance this legislation will provide. Therefore, I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill today. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, again, let me thank the two prior speakers, Congresswoman DEMINGS and Congressman NADLER , for very insightful, very important remarks on this particular legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ), someone who I know has a passion for first responders, as we have worked together even more closely after the heinous tragedy of 9/11. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate the chairman, who has distinguished himself in law enforcement since he has been here. As the cochair of the Congressional Law Enforcement Caucus and an original sponsor of H.R. 2228, I rise today in strong support of the Law Enforcement Mental Health and Wellness Act, and I want to join with so many of the organizations that are supporting this: the Fraternal Order of Police, the National Association of Police Officers, the Major County Sheriffs of America, the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association, the National District Attorneys Association, and the Sergeants Benevolent Association. I was proud to have worked with my cochair, DAVID REICHERT , and Representatives SUSAN BROOKS , V AL DEMINGS , and D OUGCOLLINS on this important piece of legislation for the law enforcement community. We all agree that the brave men and women in law enforcement put themselves in difficult—if not dangerous and sometimes lifethreatening, situations every day. b1745 We teach officers how to handle every different situation, whether it is a domestic dispute, whether it is a hostage dispute, or any other; but we need to think about the officer who comes away from that particular experience with himself; that is about it. He goes home to his family. It is absolutely critical we provide our law enforcement officers with all the resources they need to effectively do their job. I have consistently fought for new equipment and advanced technology to provide physical protection for law enforcement when they are on duty. However, we must also ensure law enforcement has the resources and support and training to address mental health issues as well. The stresses on law enforcement have continued to grow in recent years. This can have a big impact on officers’ physical and mental wellbeing; that is why officer mental wellness needs to be a priority from the day of hire to the day of retire. We know too many officers struggle with depression, suicidal thoughts, posttraumatic stress disorder. As cochair of the Traumatic Brain Injury Task Force in the Congress of the United States, myself and Dr. Collins, who was the Republican from Pennsylvania, started out 20 years ago; we could fit the number of people in a telephone booth. We just about knew what we were talking about, and that has changed how we approach our military forces on the field. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. JACKSON LEE. I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from New Jersey. Mr. PASCRELL. According to the Badge of Life, a group that studies posttraumatic stress disorder among police, we have heard tonight of how many suicides we are talking about. Tragically, many police officers with PTSD are not even aware they have the problem. Often they remain on their beat, doing the job without help or support. By discussing the importance of improving an officer’s mental health, we can reduce the stigma surrounding mental health issues in the law enforcement community. I think that this bill will bolster the connection between local mental health professionals and law enforcement. I urge passage, and, hopefully, the Senate will do it justice. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Let me, first of all, thank Congresswomen BROOKS and D EMINGS for a very astute initiative, and I look forward to us working together, along with the chairman, on other items that impact the service of our officers and the better police practices. And I cite, of course, the Law Enforcement Trust and Integrity Act. Mr. Speaker, I say to the chairman, I wanted to make mention of the fact that we have been meeting on police issues for almost 2 years in the Police Working Group, and it has been very impactful. I look forward to us igniting another meeting and being able to hear from both police and community, because we want a safe community and we want safe law enforcement. Let me also say, as I close, that many police officers are veterans, and they have been in a war situation, and that means they have faced crises, they have faced the violence of war, and they, obviously, have experienced bouts, possibly, of PTSD or, as we know that they do, they may not yield to it and may not know it and go right into serving; whether they are fire or police, they go right into serving the community. Therefore, this legislation will be enormously helpful to them. So, as I said earlier, this is a good first step to helping to enhance the mental health or the mental wellbeing of our law enforcement officers. These officers endure stressful events on our behalf in the interest of protecting their communities, and so we will all benefit from the effective implementation of this legislation. Therefore, I support this bill, even as I encourage us to continue our work on additional legislation to help foster better coordination between our police officers and the communities they serve. One final point, that I have listened to officers, and they have said to me, with all that they deal with, coming upon a circumstance where a child has been injured or killed is one of the most devastating experiences they have had to have. Just imagine that. This mental health bill will work on all of the issues that they have to address, and I ask my colleagues to support the underlying legislation, which is the Law Enforcement Mental Health and Wellness Act of 2017, H.R. 2228. Mr. Speaker, as I said earlier, this is a good first step to helping to enhance the mental wellbeing of our law enforcement officers. These officers endure stressful events on our behalf, in the interest of protecting their communities. And so, we will all benefit from the effective implementation of this legislation. I therefore support this bill, even as I encourage my colleagues to work together on additional legislation to help foster better coordination between our police officers and the communities they serve. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to again thank the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. BROOKS ) and the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. DEMINGS ) for their leadership on this issue. I will say again how much I appreciate the work of the gentlewoman from Texas on a whole host of law enforcement and criminal justice reform issues; and it is my hope that we will move a great many of these reforms through this House in the very near future. The gentlewoman certainly has my support for working together in a bipartisan way to accomplish that. This piece of legislation is a great step in that direction. You can’t expect law enforcement to keep all of us safe if we are not looking out for their mental health, which I 
can only imagine how stressful the job is. I have had the opportunity to do several ridealongs over the years with police officers in my district, and they have my utmost respect. I hope that every Member of this House will vote for this important legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2228, the Law Enforcement and Mental Health and Wellness Act of 2017. Our nation’s law enforcement officers put their lives on the line each and every day to keep us safe. The resulting stress can take a tremendous toll on their mental health, and this bill seeks to address that problem. I am the son of a retired police officer and the brother of two others currently serving in law enforcement, and so I am particularly appreciative we are considering this bill today. In the Judiciary Committee markup of H.R. 2228, I offered an amendment which would have required the Attorney General to study the specific effects of gun violence on officers’ mental health as well as provide recommendations to reduce such violence. Gun violence is an epidemic in our society, and law enforcement officers are not immune. In fact, in 2016, 64 police officers died in firearmrelated incidents. That was up 56 percent over 2015, according to the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund. The potential of facing deadly violence at every turn only adds to the stress faced by law enforcement. I withdrew my amendment during our markup after Chairman BOBGOODLATTE agreed to include language in the Judiciary Committee’s report on the bill reflecting the goals of my amendment. I want to thank him for following through on that commitment and including the following language in the committee report: ‘‘In conjunction with the Department of Health and Human Services, the Department of Justice must develop educational resources for mental health providers regarding the culture of law enforcement agencies and therapies for mental health issues common to law enforcement officers. In developing these resources, the Department of Justice should examine the effect of gun violence on the mental health of officers and what can be done to solve those aspects of gun violence.’’ Incorporating how law enforcement officers’ mental health is affected by gun violence and proposing ways to reduce such violence as directed by this language will only improve the resources for law enforcement developed as a result of this bill. Again I want to thank Chairman GOODLATTE  for putting this directive regarding gun violence in the committee report. I encourage all Members to support H.R. 2228. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2228, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until approximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 52 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. f 
b1829 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. POEof Texas) at 6 o’clock and 29 minutes p.m. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3017, BROWNFIELDS ENHANCEMENT, ECONOMIC REDEVELOPMENT, AND REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2017, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3905, MINNESOTA’S ECONOMIC RIGHTS IN THE SUPERIOR NATIONAL FOREST ACT Ms. CHENEY, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–429) on the resolution (H. Res. 631) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3017) to amend the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 to reauthorize and improve the brownfields program, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3905) to require congressional approval of any mineral withdrawal or monument designation involving the National Forest System lands in the State of Minnesota, to provide for the renewal of certain mineral leases in such lands, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate the Eden Prairie boys football team for winning their 11th 
Minnesota State championship this last week. The Eagles prevailed 38–17 in the championship matchup. They finished their 2017 season with an undefeated 13–0 record. Eden Prairie was led by senior running back Solo Falaniko, who rushed for 90 yards on 22 carries and scored a touchdown, as well as senior allpurpose Antonio Montero, who had 58 yards rushing with three touchdowns. Mr. Speaker, it takes commitment, perseverance, and hard work to become State champions. It is even more impressive, considering that these team members and student athletes consistently and successfully balance schoolwork and other extracurricular activities with their athletics. That is why I commend these athletes. Congratulations to the players, the coaches, the parents, and all the fans of the Eden Prairie football team on your State title. Our entire community is very proud of your accomplishment. Go Eagles. 
HONORING THE WISHES OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, recently, I met with a group of engineering and nursing students from Rutgers University. These young people have worked hard to get an education so they can help communities in need, but they came to the Nation’s Capital asking for help that only Congress can provide. These bright young minds are not U.S. citizens; they are what we call DREAMers. Each day that passes without Congress voting on the Dream Act darkens their futures. Like the 20,000 other DREAMers in my district, these are young people who fear that they will be detained and deported to places they have never seen or known before. Mr. Speaker, the holiday season is supposed to be a time of joy and celebration, not fear and uncertainty. I implore my colleagues to honor the wishes of the American people and do the right thing by history. Let us finally pass the Dream Act. 
MOURNING THE LOSS OF BORDER PATROL AGENT ROGELIO MARTINEZ (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, as most of us were sitting down for our Thanksgiving meal with our turkey and dressing, there was an empty chair at the Martinez home because, just a few days before Thanksgiving, 36year old Texas Border Patrol Agent Rogelio Martinez was killed manning Texas’ often violent southern border. Initial reports indicate Martinez and his partner were ambushed by a group of illegal immigrants attempting to cross into the United States. The illegals began throwing rocks, hitting the two officers over and over again. Both agents suffered broken bones and major head trauma. Martinez’s partner is still in the hospital in critical condition. Agent Martinez was killed by those seeking to enter the United States illegally by whatever means possible, ultimately, by killing him. The FBI is still investigating the homicide and seeks to bring those responsible to justice. Rock throwers are not that uncommon on the TexasMexico border. Since 2003, 39—39—border patrol agents have been killed while on patrol. Our agents are outmanned, outgunned, and sometimes outfinanced by the drug cartels trying to enter the United States. Our border protectors deserve our total admiration and support. We mourn the loss of Border Agent Martinez. May God bless his family. And that is just the way it is. f 
TAX PLAN RAISING TAXES ON MILLIONS OF AMERICANS AND EXPLODING THE DEFICIT (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, 2 weeks ago, this Chamber passed a tax plan that would raise taxes on millions of Americans and explode the deficit. Now the Senate is having its turn. Their proposal would devastate working families through tax hikes and undermine Americans’ healthcare through the stealth repeal of the Affordable Care Act. Just as the House Republican plan included a huge middle class tax increase, so does the Senate’s. By 2027, 82 million middle class households would see a tax increase. But the damage of the Senate plan goes beyond that. It would cut Medicare by $25 billion next year alone and add $1.4 trillion to the deficit, and it would destabilize healthcare for millions of Americans. The Senate plan would leave 13 million more Americans without healthcare, while those keeping theirs would see premiums jump up by 10 percent per year for the next decade. Republican Senators have already spoken out against this bill. The truth is we all should. 
CONGRATULATING NEEDVILLE LADY BLUE JAYS (Mr. OLSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, it first happened in 1975, then 1976, 1977, and 1992. The fifth time was November 18, 2017, 2 weeks ago. The Needville Lady Blue Jays won the Texas State volleyball championship. One word describes our Blue Jays, and that word is ‘‘domination.’’ They swept the playoffs, losing 1 out of 22 sets. All of Texas 22 is proud of our coaches—Schultz, Bradford, and Smyers— and the stars who took us on the drive for five: Janssen, Sydney, Kailey, Peyton, Hayden, MacKenzie, Kaitlyn, Samantha, Anna, Baley, Madison, Evan, Treasure, and Maddy. Mr. Speaker, get ready, number six is coming in 2018. Go Blue Jays. f 
b1915 CONGRATULATING TROY HIGH SCHOOL (Mr. TONKO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate the Flying Horses of Troy High School football team for an extraordinary achievement: winning a second consecutive New York State Public High School Athletic Association Class AA State Championship. Troy’s Flying Horses are the first team in section 2 history to accomplish backtoback undefeated seasons and State championship wins. Their 41–26 championship win this past Sunday over an impressive Lancaster Legends team showed the dedication and heart of each and every one of the players, their families, and their coach—their supercoach—Bobby Burns. On behalf of countless proud fans and supporters throughout New York State’s capital region, I wish the players great success in all of their future endeavors. I, again, congratulate them and salute their passion, their dedication, and their sportsmanship. They are, indeed, an inspiration to all of us. 
RECOGNIZING LARRY HANSON (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Larry Hanson’s 42 years of public service, including 22 years as the longest serving city manager for Valdosta, Georgia. Members of the Valdosta City Council say that appointing Mr. Hanson to city manager was one of the most important events in recent history for the community. One of Mr. Hanson’s first initiatives after becoming city manager was to hire a new police chief, fire chief, city engineer, and reorganize the entire city marshal office. A testament to his efforts, he received countless awards, including Outstanding Public Official and Georgia Trend Magazine Excellence in Public Service. On December 8, Mr. Hanson will officially retire from his position as Valdosta city manager. The next city 
manager will certainly have large shoes to fill. In Mr. Hanson’s next move, he will become the executive director for the Georgia Municipal Association, overseeing 500 Georgia cities, which I am sure will benefit from his assistance. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate Larry on his years of public service, and best wishes for his future endeavors. 
NATIONAL DAY OF GIVING (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, today is Giving Tuesday, a global day dedicated to giving back. Last week, we celebrated Thanksgiving, and families across the country gathered to celebrate and give thanks for all their blessings. Today, on the National Day of Giving, many come together for a common purpose: to celebrate generosity and to give. Giving Tuesday kicks off the charitable season when many focus on their holiday and endofyear giving to worthy causes. Charitable giving is a force for good, which is why the tax reform package, approved by the House, maintains this important deduction. Charities, families, businesses, community centers, and people around the world will lend their time or their personal resources to philanthropic efforts across the Nation. Giving Tuesday also brings together the collective power of a unique blend of partners—nonprofits, civic organizations, businesses and corporations, as well as families and individuals—to encourage and amplify small acts of kindness. As a global movement, Giving Tuesday unites countries around the world by sharing our capacity to care for and empower one another. That is something we can all celebrate. 
RECOGNIZING ERIN HAMLIN (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Erin Hamlin, a hardworking and outstanding constituent of the 22nd Congressional District, who has just qualified for her fourth consecutive Winter Olympic Games. Erin hails from a beautiful hamlet in Oneida County, known as Remsen, New York. Erin started her career in luge in 2005. Her first major international victory was achieved in 2009, in Lake Placid, at the World Luge Championships, where Erin earned a remarkable gold medal. At the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics, Erin became the first American ever— both male and female—to medal in a singles luge competition when she brought home the bronze for Team USA. Next year, Erin will represent Team USA in South Korea by again competing in the singles luge competition. Please join me in wishing the best of luck to our hometown rock star Erin Hamlin and all of Team USA in next year’s Winter Olympic Games in Pyeongchang, South Korea. f 
TAX REFORM The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. SMUCKER ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to talk about a bill that poses a great danger to our country and a great danger to our people, particularly our people who are struggling, who are living from paycheck to paycheck, because this bill, contrary to the assertion of our Republican colleagues, will not help them, and we are going to talk about that. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. LEVIN), a senior member of the Ways and Means Committee, and my friend. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank our whip for trying to whip some common sense into this debate. I want to focus on the claims of the Republicans that this is a middle class tax cut. Halloween is over, but the masks of the Republican are still on. I think the largest and the most dangerous one is the claim that this is a middle class tax cut. Mr. Speaker, I want to quote the President: ‘‘It is a tax bill for middle class.’’ Again, the President: ‘‘We will cut taxes tremendously for the middle class—not just a little bit, but tremendously.’’ The Speaker: ‘‘The focus is on middle class tax relief.’’ The chairman of the committee: ‘‘The truth is this is whole tax reform is designed for the middle class family that is working so hard or that Main Street business that is working so hard.’’ The majority leader in the Senate: 
To keep growing again, like we need this code to do, to get new jobs, opportunity, and significant tax relief for the middle class. 
Mr. Mnuchin: ‘‘On the personal tax side, middleincome people are getting cuts and rich people are getting very little cuts or, in certain cases, increases under the Republican bills.’’ Mr. Mnuchin again: ‘‘Any reductions we have in upper income taxes will be offset by less deductions, so there will be no absolute tax cut for the upper class.’’ Senator HATCH : ‘‘Tax reform will provide relief and bigger paychecks to low and middleincome families, make America a better place to start and grow a business, and allow American businesses to compete in the global marketplace.’’ The Joint Tax Committee and other entities have shown that this is not at all a middle class tax cut. The main beneficiaries are the very, very wealthy. Also, in terms of passthrough, there is so much talk that this will help the smallbusiness person. The truth of the matter is that the vast majority of the benefit for passthroughs is going to go to the very wealthy. Mr. Speaker, Mr. HOYER has been taking the lead on this and I salute him. Mr. Speaker, I just want to close by saying one thing about the deficits. You know, I don’t think they called Mr. HOYER a deficit hawk because he always wanted a balance, and he always said: ‘‘Look, deficits by themselves aren’t the only issue, but they are deeply relevant.’’ Mr. HOYER and I have stood together with others. When bills came up, which seemed so attractive, but were unpaid for, hundreds of billions of dollars, we said to the Republicans and anyone who voted with them: ‘‘You are increasing the deficit, and it is very risky.’’ Mr. Speaker, as true as that may have been—and Mr. HOYER and I thought it was some years ago, or last year included—it is now even more relevant and more dangerous because here we have a proposal in the House and it is going to be duplicated in the Senate. It is going to increase the deficit at least $1.5 trillion, and the notion is it will be taking care of growth. Mr. Speaker, I close by saying maybe that is the second biggest Halloween mask on the bill here and in the Senate. The notion of ‘‘Don’t worry about tax losses all of a sudden, don’t worry about the deficit increasing, because growth will take care of it,’’ we have seen that mask before. Mr. Speaker, I just wanted to join Mr. HOYER , but also to salute him for his dedicated and endless determination to really talk sense and talk the truth. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. HOYER for yielding to me. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his kind comments and for the information he gave. As a senior member of the Ways and Means Committee he is, I think, as knowledgeable about the history of these tax cuts as anyone can be, so I thank the gentleman for joining us in this effort to educate our friends and colleagues and the American public on the consequences of this bill. Mr. LEVIN. And I will keep doing it. And now Mr. HOYER is going to yield to another champion who has worked how many years on these issues? Don’t say it is a long time. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Several. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. LARSON ), one of the senior members of 
the Ways and Means Committee, who has been very focused on sound tax policy, on policy to save Social Security for generations yet to come, who is one of the more responsible leaders in this House, and my friend. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I thank the Democratic leader for yielding, and I thank the gentleman from Michigan for joining us here. As Mr. HOYER stated at the outset, this is a very dangerous bill and a very dangerous precedent for this body and the other body and for Congress in general. It was Lincoln who said: ‘‘A House divided cannot stand.’’ And in this bill, when you pit the sick against the well, the poor against the wealthiest 1 percent, blue State against red State, small business against large corporation, you begin to see the inequity in the bill. RICHNEAL, the lead Democrat on the Ways and Means Committee, lamented that this was a lost opportunity—a lost opportunity because there was ample time to come together both in the committee and here on the floor to do something constructive for the country, put the Nation back to work, and resolve issues that President Obama had put forward that I know have been on the front burners of everyone’s concern to get lower taxes, and greater fairness in equity across the board, but that didn’t happen. Now, much is said about process, and people poohpooh that, but here are the facts: It was Ronald Reagan who said: ‘‘The facts are a stubborn thing.’’ Back in 1986, the last time we impacted policy of this nature, the Ways and Means Committee, in fact, had 30 hearings in the committee, 12 subcommittee hearings, 450 expert witnesses, and 26 days of markup before it came to the floor for debate. b1930 It was done bipartisanly, in fact, done between Ronald Reagan and Tip O’Neill because they knew that this would be the best way to get cohesive, comprehensive tax reform. That is not what happened here. There were zero hearings in the committee on this bill, zero subcommittee hearings, no expert witnesses, not a single person from the State of Maryland or Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  a letter from the Commissioner of Revenue Services from the State of Connecticut that details factually, not based on averages, what happens to people in States who use itemized deductions like the State and local property tax deduction, like medical deductions, et cetera, all of which have a direct impact on them, all of which are going to find our citizens paying more money, in fact, not getting a tax cut, getting a tax increase so they can pay for lowering the rate of an individual who is already receiving $11 million from an estate tax gift. NOVEMBER 8, 2017. Hon. JOHNB. L ARSON , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARCONGRESSMAN LARSON : Thank you for opportunity to comment on the federal tax changes being considered in H.R. 1. We appreciate your leadership in trying to set the record straight as this partisan effort is rushed to judgment with no real input and much fiscal uncertainty. Unfortunately, what we see so far from a national and state perspective is very troubling. Some of the proposals to reduce taxes on corporate and passthrough business income could provide needed economic stimulus nationally and for states like Connecticut. Unfortunately, on balance, H R. 1 is fundamentally flawed: Even the low estimate of a $1.5 trillion cost is not paid for and is really massive federal tax deficit spending. The nation has been down this road before and surely we should have learned something from the worst economic recession in modern times. Otherwise unaffordable tax cuts have long been part of a political strategy to ‘‘starve the beast.’’ Due to its long term unfunded cost, this Republican tax plan will compel big cuts in federal funding, such as Medicaid, that are important to states like Connecticut. Contrary to all the talk of a ‘‘middle income tax cut,’’ the plan actually represents a huge windfall to the very wealthiest federal taxpayers and is truly regressive. For our own state of Connecticut, over 75% of the tax cut goes to the top 1% who would pay 8.5% less on average. Everyone else would see a trivial 1.2% reduction in federal tax liability and many will actually owe much more in federal income taxes. As discussed more specifically below, the proposed plan shifts most of the tax cost and the least of any tax benefit to states in the Northeast, Great Lakes and West Coast regions of the country. Thus, Connecticut and similar states will even more disproportionately pay in federal taxes far more than is received in federal benefits—further subsidizing regions of the country where states make far less of a state and local tax effort. Drilling down a bit further, several aspects of this partisan plan will hit especially hard: Eliminating deductibility of state income tax paid is worth an estimated $8.7 billion to mostly 1 middle income Connecticut taxpayers Capping deductibility of local property tax paid at $10,000 will increase federal income taxes for a significant proportion of Connecticut taxpayers who claim $4.9 billion. Any benefit to lower and lower moderate income taxpayers from higher standard deductions and child care credits will likely be more than offset by the shell game of imposing a higher lowest rate bracket of 12% and replacing the current $4,050 personal exemption with a $300 deduction that is proposed to end in 5 years. Eliminating deductibility of medical/dental expenses will be $1.6 billion hardship for Connecticut taxpayers at all levels who are out of work and have catastrophic medical costs. Eliminating deductibility of student loan interest only adds a further financial burden for primarily younger taxpayers and their families already struggling with educational indebtedness. Sadly, these and many other significant issues of fiscal irresponsibility and tax unfairness seem to be of no concern in the partisan rush to pass legislation before taxpayers see through the slogans and realize the costs. Indeed, glimpses of what may be in the Republican Senate version suggests that it will only get worse. Thank you for your efforts to speak out for our Connecticut taxpayers and set the record straight. Sincerely, KEVIN B. S ULLIVAN , Commissioner. 
Mr. Speaker, I will tell you, if that weren’t the cruelest cut, what is built into this legislation, and it is why process matters, because of the way this bill came to the floor through budget reconciliation primarily so the other body can get around their other arcane rule of cloture, but so that they could pass something with the minimal amount of votes. So no hearings, no expert witnesses, and only a minimal amount of votes— 51 in the Senate—to pass a bill. I say that because there is a trigger mechanism here that the gentleman from Maryland knows better than anyone else in either Chamber called PAYGO, PAYGO provisions that he fought for to make sure were in the bill because of our ongoing concern about staggering deficits. It is why most people call for this bill minimally, including most Republican economists, to be revenue neutral. We would add that it be distributionally neutral as well so that it doesn’t impact the middle and the lower classes. But this bill here, the cruelest cut of all is that it triggers an automatic response that will result in a $25 billion cut to Medicare. Nobody at home recognized this. Many people in this Chamber didn’t even know that it existed because there were no public hearings, there were no expert witnesses. This was jammed through so that people could achieve a political win. How about we focus on the American people winning for a change and doing something that is not going to put them in jeopardy? I wondered why so many on the other side had professed to be concerned about the deficit but turned a blind eye as we passed what amounts to be $2.3 trillion in new deficits. Then it dawned on me. This provision that is in there would allow sequestration to go forward without a vote and would cut Medicare by $25 billion. I have asked people when we have held forums back in our district. People are writing, people are calling, people are calling their Senators in an effort to stop what is a blind, dangerous precedent that would take $25 billion out of a program that desperately needs this. I know the gentleman from Maryland knows this better than most. I know the State of Maryland, like the State of Connecticut, also itemizes deductions, and I believe it leads the country in that because, as they noted back in 1913, it would otherwise be double taxation. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for allowing us the opportunity to come down here and speak to the dastardly nature of this bill and what lies ahead, and I thank him for his continued leadership in making sure that we wage this fight in every way to the end until we are able to stop that. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Connecticut for his comments and particularly highlighting how the majority party, in considering this legislation, cut out the public entirely. Speaker RYAN, when he took the speakership, talked about transparency. He talked about regular order. He talked about doing things so that the people would know what we are doing. Not only were there no hearings in the House, not only were there no witnesses in the House, as the gentleman knows, there were no hearings in the Senate, there were no witnesses in the Senate. In a short timeframe, the Republicans are trying to pass a massive increase in the national debt so that, in effect, as the gentleman knows, they say they are cutting taxes. I am going to talk about how that is not really true. Particularly for the middle class it is not true. But they are substantially raising taxes on every one of the children in this country who will become more indebted and in their time will have to pay back the money that is borrowed to give this tax cut. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for highlighting those very important facts and I thank him for his service on the Ways and Means Committee. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, at this time I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Maryland? There was no objection. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, the subject of my Special Order, as we have seen, is the very dangerous tax bill that this House passed and that the Senate is now considering. In fact, of course, the Senate bill is worse than the House bill, if one can imagine that. On November 16, the Republican majority in this House passed a bill to raise taxes on 36 million middle class households and place our country another $1.7 trillion in debt. Now, you will hear $1.5 trillion and you will hear $1.7 trillion. What is the difference? The difference is about $200 billion that we will pay in interest to others to effect this tax cut. So not only is it going to be the $1.5 trillion immediately impacted by the tax cut itself, it will be the $200 billion additional that we will have to pay to borrow the money to give the tax cut and, as I am going to point out, give that tax cut essentially, for the most part, to the wealthiest enterprises in America. 227 Republicans voted to do that to their constituents. Every single Democratic representative who was present, joined by 13 Republicans, did what, in my opinion, many of their colleagues wanted to do, but for political reasons, not policy reasons, chose not to do. They did so, Mr. Speaker, following impassioned remarks by Majority Leader MCCARTHY and by Speaker RYAN. Both addressed this House and the American people and claimed to be pushing these tax bills in order to help the working people of our country, a worthy objective, an important objective. Perhaps one could justify this extraordinary escalation of the national debt, probably the largest increase in the national debt of any single bill that has been passed. They cited struggling families and the need to provide a leg up to those in our middle class. Those, of course, are very resonant messages, very important messages. Frankly, we ought to be talking about how we create jobs, not debt. They are being employed to sell a tax plan that would do exactly the opposite of what they say. In his speech on the floor, Speaker RYAN lamented: ‘‘Seventyeight percent of our workers in this country today are living paycheck to paycheck. . . . Instead of thinking about getting ahead, families are struggling just to get by.’’ He is right about that and he is right to be concerned about that. What he is wrong in is his response. Those living paycheck to paycheck will be the ones hurt the most by this tax scam. Let me repeat that. The Speaker talks about those living paycheck to paycheck. That concern is an absolute legitimate concern for every one of us in this House and every Member of the Senate. Unfortunately, he has offered a bill, however, that will hurt the very ones he says that he wants to protect. They will see their taxes go up over the next decade. In that same period, as middle class families are struggling to get by, they will watch the wealthiest get farther and farther ahead. This is not about class warfare. This is about a judgment of who needs help, who needs lifting up. He talked about the people who need lifting up. The problem is that he didn’t lift them up. They will watch the wealthy be lifted up, and they are very high right now. God bless them. Why, I ask, would the Republican tax plan take $1.7 trillion away from our children and grandchildren and give 62 percent of it to the top 1 percent? Mr. Speaker, the people get it. The people think this bill is not going to help them. That is what polls show, and they are right. Under the Republicans’ plan, it is wealthy individuals like Donald Trump who win, and regular working Americans and our middle class who are trying to get ahead who lose. House Republican leaders cajoled their members. Cajoled is a very polite word. They pressured and they scared their members. They said: If you don’t pass this bill, you are going to lose the election not because the people are for it, but because, as one Member said from New York, their donors demanded it. They urged their members to vote for a flawed bill many of them did not want and that none of them believed would become law. They did that so they could hand the reins to the Senate to send back a version no one had yet read or contemplated. They put their House majority on the hook to accept whatever the Senate would pass word for word. We will see whether they do that. That Senate bill that is now being considered would deeply harm middle class families, particularly those in congressional districts across the country where more taxpayers choose to deduct their State and local taxes, like my State and other States. Dozens of House Republicans from such districts voted enthusiastically to move the process along. In other words, they voted against their taxpayers and for their party—party above people—to move it along by supporting the House tax bill with the promise that it would be improved in the Senate. These members would be asked to make further concessions against the interests of their constituents to vote for the Senate bill, were it to come to this floor, because it is worse for their constituents, not better. That is not how Congress is supposed to work, Mr. Speaker. That is not regular order. The American taxpayers and American businesses seeking to grow in our economy have been asking Congress to enact tax reform that is bipartisan and permanent. You heard Mr. LARSON talking about the 1986 bill. It was a bill that was worked out between President Reagan; Speaker Tip O’Neill; Chairman Dan Rostenkowski, a Member from the Democratic Party from Illinois; and the gentleman from Oregon, the chairman of the Finance Committee, a Republican. The Republican bills in the House and the Senate can be called neither bipartisan nor permanent. So what can we call them? In his floor remarks before the vote on their House bill, Speaker RYAN called it: ‘‘The single biggest thing we can do to grow the economy, to restore opportunity, and to help middleincome families that are struggling.’’ That is not true, Mr. Speaker. However, it is the single biggest thing we can do to put our children and grandchildren further into debt. I have heard so many of my Republican colleagues stand on this floor and say that we cannot spend this money because our children will have to pay the bill, and they are right. b1945 We have a payfor problem, Mr. Speaker. We ought to be paying for what we buy. Here, we are not paying, we are borrowing $1.5 trillion, as I said earlier, to give to some of our wealthiest citizens; for that is what their plan would do, raise taxes on the middle class today, and on our children and 
grandchildren tomorrow, to pay for the wealthiest few to get tax cuts that they don’t need and that won’t grow our economy. Let me stress, I think everybody in this room, everybody in the country, would like to be wealthy. This is not talking about penalizing the wealthy. It is simply to say: God bless you. You have done well, but we need to make sure that others do well as well. The University of Chicago’s Booth School of Business released a survey, Mr. Speaker, on November 21, just a few days ago, in which 42 expert economists were asked whether the Republican tax bill would produce the higher economic growth promised by its authors; 42 of the most prominent economists. Only one—only one—said that it would do so and, ironically, later admitted he had misread the question. None of the 42, not one, agreed that the tax cuts for the very wealthy included in the Republican bill would eventually pay for themselves; and that is why we say, it is one of the greatest debtcreating pieces of legislation that any of us have considered. Former Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin, who presided over the basis for 4 years of balanced budgets, so he has some real credibility on how to bring balance to our fiscal posture in America—he served at the time of historic budget surpluses. He pointed out this fallacy in his oped in The Washington Post on November 15. He said this: ‘‘The tax cuts,’’ he wrote, ‘‘will not increase growth and, given their fiscal effects, would likely have a significant and increasing negative impact.’’ He went on to make several compelling arguments about the dangers of the Republican tax proposals. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD a copy of his oped piece. 
[From the Washington Post, Nov. 15] OPED: THEREPUBLICAN TAXPLAN’SFIVE WORST DANGERS  (By Robert E. Rubin) The deficitfunded tax cuts advancing through Congress are a fiscal tragedy for which our country will pay a huge price over time. While the details of the tax plan remain in flux, its fundamental contours will not change. Nor will its $1.5 trillion of deficit funding, the amount stipulated in the recently passed budget resolution. Perhaps it’s hopeless to expect those in Congress who have long bemoaned deficits and the debt to oppose the plan. If, however, as a matter of conscience or renewed reflection they decide to take heed, here are the fiscal dangers posed by the plan. To start, the tax cuts will not increase growth and, given their fiscal effects, would likely have a significant and increasingly negative impact. The nonpartisan Tax Policy Center’s latest report estimated that, over 10 years, the average increase in our growth rate would be roughly zero, counting the crowding out of private investment by increasing deficits but not counting other adverse effects of worsening our fiscal outlook. The Penn Wharton Budget Model, using the same approach, estimates virtually no increase in longterm growth. Goldman Sachs projects an increase of 0.1 percent to 0.2 percent in the first couple of years and an average increase over 10 years of just 0.05 percent per year, not counting any of the adverse fiscal effects. These estimates reflect three underlying views held by mainstream economists. First, individual tax cuts will not materially induce people to work more. Second, corporate tax cuts will likely have limited effect on investment or decisions about where to locate business activity, given the many other variables at play. Third, deficitfunded tax cuts will have little shortterm effect on growth, except perhaps for some temporary overheating, because we are at roughly full employment. With no additional revenue from increased growth to offset the tax cuts’ cost, the publicly held debt of the federal government would increase by $1.5 trillion. An additional danger is that the actual deficit impact would be increased by abandoning the Congressional Budget Office’s nonpartisan evaluation that has been used for decades by both parties in favor of partisan calculations by those pushing the tax cuts. Adding $1.5 trillion or more to the federal debt would make an already bad situation worse. A useful measure of our fiscal position is the ratio of publicly held government debt to economic output or gross domestic product, called the debt/GDP ratio. In 2000, the debt/GDP ratio was 32 percent. The ratio is now 77 percent. Looking forward, the CBO projects the debt/GDP ratio to be 91 percent in 2027 and 150 percent in 2047. After $1.5 trillion of deficitfunded tax cuts, those future ratios have been estimated to increase to roughly 97 percent in 2027 and 160 percent in 2047. These estimates likely substantially understate the worsening of our fiscal trajectory. That’s because they do not account for the increasingly adverse effect on growth of the difficulttoquantify effects of fiscal deterioration. Exacerbating our already unsustainable fiscal trajectory with these tax cuts would threaten growth in five respects. These are highly likely to be substantial and to increase over time. First, business confidence would likely be negatively affected by creating uncertainty about future policy and heightening concern about our political system’s ability to meet our economic policy challenges. Second, our country’s resilience to deal with inevitable future economic and geopolitical emergencies, including the effects of climate change, would continue to decline. Third, funds available for public investment, national security and defense spending—a professed concern of many taxcut proponents—would continue to decline as debt rises, because of rising interest costs and the increased risk of borrowing to fund government activities. Fourth, Treasury bond interest rates would be highly likely to increase over time because of increased demand for the supply of savings and increased concern about future imbalances. That, in turn, would raise privatesector interest rates, which could also increase due to widening spreads vs. Treasuries, further reflecting increased concern about future conditions. And even a limited increase in the debt/GDP ratio could focus attention on our fiscal trajectory’s longignored risks and trigger outsize increases in Treasury and privatesector interest rates. The ability to borrow in our own currency, and to print it through the Federal Reserve, may diminish these risks for a while, as might capital inflows from abroad. But these mitigating factors have their limits; at some point, unsound fiscal conditions almost surely would undermine our currency and debt markets. Finally, at some unpredictable point, fiscal conditions—and these market dynamics— would likely be seen as sufficiently serious to cause severe market and economic destabilization. We have an imperative need to address our unsustainable longerterm fiscal trajectory with sound economic policies. Few elected officials want to face this fact, but, at the very least, they should not make matters worse. We can only hope that responsible elected officials will prevent this irresponsible tax plan from being adopted. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, furthermore, according to the Joint Committee on Taxation, a nonpartisan group, Speaker RYAN was flat wrong, flat out wrong, to say that their plan would ensure that ‘‘the average family at every income level gets a tax cut.’’ The Joint Committee on Taxation says that is not true. I presume the Speaker was misinformed, because taxes would go up on all income groups below $50,000. Perhaps the Speaker misspoke. Speaker RYAN said: ‘‘I am a chart guy.’’ Well, I like charts myself, Mr. Speaker, and I want to bring up this first chart. I will bring this a little closer so I can explain this. The Speaker claimed that a family of four making $59,000 would get a ‘‘$1,182 tax cut in the first year alone.’’ Well, now if you hear that, that sounds, I suppose, like a pretty good deal. Unfortunately, for that family, their cut would shrink every year. This is the shrinkage. And then it would drop precipitously. By 2024, it would become a tax increase, increase, increase, increase. And, as you see, that increase escalates the 4 years: 2024, 2025, 2026, and 2027. So starting in the seventh year of this program, middle America, $50,000, you get a tax increase. But guess what? That is not what happens to the wealthiest in America. It is even worse. The Speaker mentioned the family making $59,000 a year, and what he said is: They get $1,182 a year in a tax cut. What he didn’t say is what the upper 1 percent get. They get $1,198 per week—52 times more than the middle class families that the Speaker spoke about and lamented the fact that they needed more dollars in their pocket. He didn’t talk about the wealthiest. He didn’t say what they got. I don’t blame him because, in his bill, he decided to give $1,198.52 a week to the wealthiest, and $1,182 a year to that middle class family he says is struggling and living paycheck to paycheck. What kind of fairness is that? What kind of rationale is that? What kind of real help to the middle class is that? That is about, by the way, $25 per week versus $1,198.52 per week. Speaker RYANshowed us a chart that highlighted how, under the House bill, those middle class families promised a tax increase get to see an extra $1,182 in savings the first year. We put it down, and then we put 52 layers above that for the people in the upper 1 percent. Under that same plan, as their cut shrinks—you saw that in the last 
chart—the wealthiest taxpayers would see an average tax cut of $1,198 every week. And it is even a wider disparity under the Senate bill. Now, that is a gulf of disparity, a gulf of unfairness, a gulf of not helping the average working person in America. But the Senate bill—the Senate bill—is even worse. The Senate GOP tax scam would increase taxes on 82 million—remember I said in the House bill, 36 million middle class taxpayers got an increase? Well, the Senate has doubled that, actually more than doubled that. Eighty two million middle class households will get a tax increase under the Senate tax bill. And with substantial tax increases on 36 million middle class households over the next decade in the House bill, it is hard to imagine a worse plan, yet, somehow, Senate Republicans achieved it. The Tax Policy Center, another nonpartisan analytic group, found that, under the perverse structure of the Senate bill, sunsetting individual benefits in a few short years, even as it offers permanent—get this, follow this. We are talking about—Speaker RYAN spoke from that rostrum, talked about these struggling Americans living paycheck to paycheck. He offered a bill, and the Senate is now doubling down on the proposal of making sure those struggling Americans got, over the life of this bill, less and less and less, and then finally, paid more and more and more, while the wealthiest had no cut. The Tax Policy Center said that the sunsetting individual benefits in a few short years, even as it offers permanent corporate tax cuts, 82 million middle class individuals and households will pay more in taxes than they would under the current system. Mr. Speaker, I want to make that point again. The Tax Policy Center says people are going to pay more under this tax bill, some 82 million of them, than they would under the current system. On top of that, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office has pointed out that, under the Senate bill, undermining the Affordable Care Act—so not only will their taxes be increased over the life of this bill, but 13 million Americans would lose their healthcare under the Senate bill—not the House bill, but under the Senate bill. And that is what the House is going to be asked to vote on. I hope the Senate doesn’t pass that. Mr. LARSON talked about sequester and the PAYGO Act requiring a $25 billion cut in Medicare as a result of this bill. The Senate has added in there legislation to adversely affect the Affordable Care Act, which will adversely affect 13 million Americans; some of them may be the same people who get the tax increase, some may not. They would kick 13 million off healthcare. So the Republican tax plan is not bipartisan, and it is not permanent tax reform. The way you achieve those, as I said at the beginning, is through bipartisan cooperation. But, as Mr. LARSONpointed out, there was no intention to do that, no intention to include the public, no intention to have markups over a period of time. They did have markups, but they were very short in duration, and no American had the opportunity to weigh in and give their opinion. There were no hearings, and there were less than zero witnesses. I guess there can’t be less than zero. There were zero witnesses. So the bill is not a tax cut. Speaker RYANhas also tried to describe it as a jobcreator. Now, again, we are talking about, correctly, the folks in this country who are living paycheck to paycheck and having a hard time, and we need to help them. We need to work on creating them jobs. By the way, there is no jobs bill that has been sent down here from the President, but they claim this is a jobs bill. As a matter of fact, they claim that it not only explodes the debt, costs taxpayers $1.9 trillion, but it would create, they say, 890,000 new jobs. Now, in order to create what they say are 890,000 new jobs—and, by the way, going back to Secretary Rubin, he does not believe that will happen. He is the one that led us to balanced budgets. In fact, every one of those jobs, every single job is going to cost $1.9 million to create. That is what the Speaker said. This is going to create 879 million, we are going to borrow $1.7 trillion to do it. By golly, you could give everybody 100,000 bucks, and you would be way ahead of the game. But that is not what was done. We are creating large, large debt, and we will not create the jobs the Speaker said. And if we did, they would cost $1.9 million per job. According to the conservative Tax Foundation, using the most optimistic model projecting economic growth so far presented, that may be technically true, over 10 years now. But with a price tag of $1.7 trillion in added debt over the same period, that means that each job would cost $1.9 million, while 82 million working Americans, those struggling Americans of which PAULRYANspoke, would get a tax increase under the Senate bill— nearly $2 million of added debt to create a single job. Nearly $2 million of added debt to create a single job. So this clearly isn’t a jobs bill either. b2000 This has already been discussed, but let me reiterate the key point I made earlier. It can’t be called bipartisan. Republican leader after Republican leader after Republican leader has lamented the fact that we passed the Affordable Care Act without it being bipartisan. The difference, of course, was we had literally thousands of meetings, scores—well over 60—of hearings, amendments offered by Republicans and Democrats. It took over a year of consideration by the country, well vetted—controversial, but well vetted. This bill has been rushed through without hearings, without any kind of consideration and input from the public— in 1986, 30 hearings; in 2017, zero hearings. I am repeating what Mr. LARSON said, but it is important to understand the dramatic difference: a bipartisan bill with President Ronald Reagan and Speaker Tip O’Neill leading the way for bipartisanship and agreement on a bill that, by the way, was revenue neutral, it did not create any new debt, as opposed to the $1.7 trillion—that is with a T, trillion—that will put every child in America deeply in debt for decades to come. In 1986, 450 witnesses; in 2017, zero. Bipartisan support, yes; bipartisan support, no. Markup, I mentioned markup. That is when you put the bill together, when you give it thoughtful consideration. You offer amendments. You try to perfect it. Twentysix days in 1986; 4 days in 2017. This is a bill of over 600 pages. I remember everybody saying how long the Affordable Care Act was and you possibly couldn’t do it. Again, over a year and a half of consideration of that bill; 4 days, introduced, the next week markup, 4 days, on the floor. I was here in 1986, Mr. Speaker, the last time we rewrote our Tax Code. That was a truly bipartisan process. I hope everybody read the remarks of Senator JOHN MCCAINwhen he came back to the Senate and voted to move the process forward on the Affordable Care Act but then voted against the final product. He voted, and he gave a speech in which he said, speaking to the president of the Senate: 
Mr. President, I have been here for some period of time, and my experience has essentially been that, when we did things in a partisan way, they were neither lasting nor very good. But when we do things in a bipartisan way, they are much better and they are much more permanent. There is much more competence in that product that was reached in a bipartisan way. 
Speaker R YANmade a point in his remarks about how long overdue we are for a tax overhaul, and he said it has been 31 years since we last did this. Now, of course, he didn’t say: I was chairman of the Ways and Means Committee for 11 months and didn’t report out a single tax bill. I am not sure why, but that was the case. We did bipartisan in 1986. We did permanent tax reform. We did it together, and we did it in a way that was paid for. That is not what this is. Neither the House bill nor the Senate bill achieves those key aims. The Republican tax overhaul process is dangerously flawed precisely because it is partisan, because it rejects the benefits of compromise in favor of the pitfalls of expediency. I called it, in my speech in opposition to its adoption, ‘‘reckless and feckless.’’ It was reckless because it would 
heap that $1.7 trillion with a T, $1.7 trillion of additional debt on our party, on our country, on our children, on our people. Bob Rubin, in that column which I referred to, said that that debt would undermine expansion because it would rob the capital markets of money that could be used to build small businesses and to build medium sized businesses and invest in large businesses to create and keep jobs. It is feckless because the same people who used to call themselves fiscally responsible—Senator MCCONNELL , Speaker RYAN, Senator H ATCH , others whom I could name—have all stood on the floor of the House or in a press conference and said we need to have the debt reduced, and yet they offer a bill that adds $1.7 trillion to the debt; feckless because the same people who used to call themselves fiscally responsible are now choosing to ignore fiscal sustainability in favor of a shortlived political win. This is not about policy. It is about politics. It is about appealing to a relatively small group of very, very connected people, but it is our country that will lose. I told people during that speech that I have been in office for some time. I served in the State senate and now in the House. It takes no courage—no courage—to vote for a tax cut. What takes courage is to pay for what you buy, whether it is national security, which I support, whether it is education, which, if we don’t invest in, our country will not be great. It is great in part because we have invested in our education system. Unless we invest in the health of our people, which is the health of our society, we will not be great, and unless we invest in the security of our people domestically, in law, in order, enforcement, in protection for our people. It will not be great unless we invest in basic biomedical research to make sure that the diseases that exist now and that may exist in the future can be met with medical cures and palliatives. We will not be great if we sink our country deeply, deeply, deeply into debt and do not have the courage to say, in this generation, we will pay for what we need and not simply buy and pass the debt along to our children and to our grandchildren, because that is what we are doing in this tax bill. It is not only an intellectually bankrupt policy, it is an immoral policy that we pursue. As the Senate version takes shape, Mr. Speaker, Republicans who voted grudgingly for the House bill ought to be deeply concerned; and I hope, for the sake of their country, they are good people. There are good people on both sides of this aisle. There are conscientious people on both sides of this aisle. There are Americans on both sides of this aisle, Americans who have sworn to protect and defend the Constitution of our country and have, as well, sworn to protect the people of this country. There ought to be deep concern among people of good conscience, concern that it does not meet the very same criteria that Speaker RYAN set forth in laying out what tax reform ought to achieve and what he claimed their House bill achieved. Neither does it adhere to the Speaker’s clear promise not to package together separate matters into the same legislation. Make no mistake, the Senate bill House Republicans will be asked to vote for isn’t just a tax hike for the middle class, although that it is. It is also a repeal of a significant component of the Affordable Care Act, which will hurt that same middle class. It may have been difficult for Republicans to cast their votes for vague promises on November 16, but I suggest to you, Mr. Speaker, it will be even more difficult to do so for a legislative product that puts their constituents, those the Speaker talked about struggling just to get by, people who, if they have a $500 debt, are not sure they can pay it, it will affect those folks and put them in even greater danger should the Senate bill make it back to the House. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues in the Senate to reject this bill. I urge my colleagues in the House to look deeply into their souls and not at their polls and reflect upon what they are doing to their country by perpetuating the fiscally irresponsible policies of borrowing, of borrowing, of borrowing and not having the courage to pay this generation’s bills now and not pass them along to our children and to our grandchildren. Every Member of this House and of the Senate, Mr. Speaker, ought to look themselves in the mirror and say: When I gave those speeches, when I referenced that to the press, was I being honest? Am I following a policy today that is consistent with that assertion? I think they will come to the inexorable answer: No. If I vote for this tax bill, I am not. Therefore, I hope that all of us will reject this partisan piece of legislation that vastly increases our debt, increases the taxes on middle class workers, threatens Social Security with a $25 billion cut, and threatens our economy. Let us have the courage to serve our people honestly and take the tough vote and then come together in a bipartisan fashion and do what we showed we could do in 1986: pass a bipartisan bill that, yes, makes our corporations competitive internationally and, yes, gives the bulk of the tax cuts to those who the Speaker referred to as struggling. They are the ones who need relief, and we could do that in a bipartisan fashion, and we can pay for it. David Camp showed us the way. I didn’t agree with all of his bill, but he showed the courage—a Republican from Michigan who was chairman of the Ways and Means Committee—and put up a bill on tax reform that was paid for. The Republicans were in charge of this House and they dismissed it out of hand, too tough. Mr. Speaker, let’s do the right thing. Let’s reject this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
b2015 ISSUES OF THE WEEK The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, we had a lot to be thankful for this Thanksgiving. Anybody who was in America, in the United States, has a lot to be thankful for. People are counting on us across the country to make sure we don’t mess the country up because we have done a great deal of damage from Washington, much of it done by bureaucrats. But the only way they can do it is when Congress relegates and delegates obligations that we should have to bureaucrats, especially unaccountable bureaucrats like those at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. It is time to get power back to where there is accountability. And there is a better chance of having accountability right here in Congress than there is in some agency, some bureau that thumbs its nose at the executive, legislative, and judicial branches and says: We are above the Constitution. We are above everything else in the country. We do what we want to, and nobody can say otherwise. Well, they are finding out at the CFPB that that is not the case. Everybody in America has some accountability somewhere. It makes me smile to hear friends from across the aisle talking about running up a deficit because I remember that talk in 2006, and we were properly excoriated on the Republican side of the aisle for running up a deficit of around $160 billion more than we brought in. We were castigated. We were beat up in all kinds of ways, and Democrats were right. Who would have ever dreamed that the people who were belittling Republicans for allowing a $160 billion deficit would soon be so very proud since they had the majority in the House, the Senate, the Presidency, just a couple of short years later, they would have a $1.5 trillion to $1.6 trillion deficit? We would be treated to the first 4 and the first 8 years in our Nation’s history under a President during which the economy never grew up to 3 percent. It never grew up to 3 percent. It did not, the whole time the Democrats had the majority in the House and the Senate, those 4 years they had the majority in the House and Senate. That time when they had the House, the Senate, and the White House, they managed to run up the debt higher than anyone has ever come close to before. But the good news for those who have forgotten that the talk of $160 billion deficit being so outrageous before 
they ran up a $1.5 trillion to $1.6 trillion deficit, those who don’t remember those days can be reminded of those now as we begin to hear the rhetoric about the current proposed appropriation. We passed all 12 appropriations here in the House. We did our work. It is time the Senate did their work. Now we are being told: Oh, well, you have got to get over all that stuff you did. All of that hard work, all the cuts to Planned Parenthood, all the things you did standing on principle down there in the House, you have got to forget about that because we don’t work like that down in the Senate. We are just going to be lucky to fund the projects we are interested in. We have no interest in taking up the hard work that the House of Representatives did. But it is time the Senate tried that. I think if they will look into the appropriation bills the House passed, they will find out we actually did some very good, solid, amazing work. For some reason, before we ensure that the Second Amendment applies everywhere across the country that the Constitution meant for it to apply, we are going to take up a background check bill tomorrow. The abbreviation is NICS, which gathers information on people’s backgrounds who want to buy a gun. Despite all of the inaccurate information that is often touted about the lack of background checks, of how you can order online or at gun shows, these kind of things, there are background checks when you order online. It is really unfair to the gun stores who didn’t actually make the sale, but anybody who orders a gun online still has to have the background check, and they still have to go in and pick it up at a store and meet the requirements of the law and the background check. We have heard many times about how the background checks have prevented 3 million Americans who should not have guns from getting guns, but that is not true nor accurate. Apparently, the last year that the Obama administration decided to bless us with actual information about background checks, they reported that about 73,000 Americans were prevented from getting a gun on the first check under the law as it exists. There are five different checks. And because the first check does not take all of the information that someone buying a gun has to fill out, not the date of birth, not Social Security number, not any of the information that is replete on the document being filled out, none of that is used. They take a phonetic—well, the pronunciation of the name and use the phonetic pronunciation to do a background check. That is why they have so many millions of hits since this has been going on is because if someone’s name just sounds a bit like somebody else’s, it comes up as a hit and an initial denial. But then at each stage, each one of those five checks, more and more are found to not be the person who should be prevented from having a gun. In the last year—we have data—I was talking to John Lott about this earlier this afternoon, but in 2010, there were 73,000 denials, approximately, of the ability to buy a gun. As they went through each of those five checks, they found out that so many actually were not the person who should have been blocked from buying a gun. When the Obama administration got down to the bare facts, they found that out of about 73,000 initial denials, there were only 42 cases that were referred to be prosecuted for potential prosecution. If I recall correctly, the Obama administration only prosecuted about a fourth of what the Bush administration prosecuted. So out of the 42—and I don’t mean 42,000 out of 73,000, I mean 42.0 out of 73,000—the Obama administration only decided to get 13 convictions. Mr. Speaker, there were 73,000 initial denials. It tells you the system doesn’t work very well at all. It doesn’t make sense that we would have a system that would use all of the information that somebody provides to look for hits of somebody who should not be able to buy a gun. Use the date of birth. Use the Social Security number. Use the information there to check to see if someone is ineligible to buy a gun. Then we can get serious about better gun enforcement, especially since we now have a Department of Justice—except for the special prosecutor that is interested in just them, just us kind of justice—except for that special prosecutor’s group, we do have a Department of Justice that truly is interested in doing justice. So when it comes to background checks, yes, we will continue to have them, but I hope we make some needed changes in the law, and I also hope that we are able to pass a bill this week out of committee, get it to the floor, pass it out of here, and hopefully the Senate will do their job on it. But that would allow reciprocity for people who are allowed to carry a gun in one jurisdiction to be able to carry that gun across the country. It is something we are working on. Mr. Speaker, I was so greatly encouraged seeing an article about Poland. Those people have always been such an independentminded people, even though they have been yanked to and fro. Whether it is Russia, Prussia, Germany, they have had a difficult time— Austria. They have had a tough time. But they have always been independentminded. As President Reagan and as the former Polish Pope noted, and as President Trump has noted, Poland, generally speaking, understands what people who go through the 12step program understand. There is a higher power. But by the grace of God, we would not have this incredible little experiment in selfgovernment. We would never have lasted as long as we have. There are miracles where the divine hand of God truly stepped in during the Revolutionary War, during the early days as a nation when we could have, and probably should have, fallen, one after another. As the Founders would say, divine providence protected this little experiment, and it is in trouble right now. There are so many people who have been taught across the country that America is an embarrassment and owes the world an apology. b2030 Bill Ayers and all of those who were hippies—not all of them, but so many of them who were hippies—found that, as terrorists like Bill Ayers was, they didn’t get the results they were seeking by blowing up things or people. They got a lot more done by moving into universities, becoming tenured professors, and teaching future teachers an improper history and an inaccurate history of these United States so that now we have, we are told, half the people coming out of college thinking socialism would be a better way of living. They don’t understand. They have never thought it through. They don’t look at what has really happened because they haven’t been taught true history. They don’t understand. They don’t know that every time socialism— progressivism if you would rather call it that as so many in this body do—always failed and always will fail to the end of the age as long as there is jealousy, greed, avarice, and even common sense. As I have mentioned here on the floor, the Russian farmer who said, ‘‘I make the same number of rubles here in the shade, if I am in the shade here or if I am out there in the sun, so I am in the shade,’’ that explained why socialism does not, will not, and cannot ever work. It always fails. The only way you can have it is where people share across from those according to their ability to those according to their need. What a lie. It didn’t come from those according to their ability. Once socialism sets in, so does malaise. There is no incentive to work harder and harder except if you can get politically entrenched sufficiently, then those in political power. As a Russian college student told me back when I was a college student over there in the Soviet Union: In America, you can advance yourself by making more money and working harder. Here in the Soviet Union, we can only advance ourselves by stepping on others and trying to get political power by stepping on others. This is a better system, even with all its flaws. Churchill said that capitalism is the worst form of government except for all the others. But it allows people to succeed or fail as they are driven to do. It is called freedom. We have had it. We have been losing it. When the Democratic House and majority set up the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, they set up an 
agency, a bureau, that didn’t have to answer to Congress. They could violate the Constitution’s Fourth Amendment and Fifth Amendment. They didn’t care. They are all powerful. In fact, they are so full of themselves that they think no one can hold them accountable and they can do whatever they want. They don’t need money from Congress. They get it from the Federal Reserve. They are a perpetual bureau that is not answerable to the President, to the Congress—not to anybody. They are finding out today that is not the case, but they sure thought it was. When I was a felony judge, if the government wanted someone’s bank records, they had to either get that person’s permission or they had to come to a judge like me; and with either live or affidavit testimony sworn under oath, they had to prove that a crime was probably committed, that this particular person probably committed the crime, and that these bank records were needed because of the probable cause that existed from the evidence. I would consider the evidence and then decide if probable cause existed. If it did, I would sign the warrant, and the government only then could get the bank records. Not so with the CFPB. They are in the protection racket. It is right there in their name, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. It is a protection racket like the mob used to be in. They got their money from the Federal Reserve, and they are here to protect us all. So they gather up people’s banking records and debit and credit card activities. Why? Because they are there to protect us from greedy, evil banks. Some have said: Wait a minute, though. How about you just leave my privacy alone, and if a bank messes me around, then I will come tell you? You don’t need to get all of my private records. But since the CFPB has the unmitigated gall and arrogance to think they are totally unaccountable, they don’t care what the Constitution says or what some court says. They don’t need a warrant. They get whatever records they want to. Why? Because they are in the protection racket, out to protect us. You do what they say or they ruin you. What a racket, not accountable to anybody. That has got to change. The President is doing what he can to change that. Thank God and thank President Trump, both. We have got a chance of reining in an unconstitutionally acting body. Fortunately, there is at least one judge who recognized that, and hopefully there will be more. Those in Poland are amazing. As I continue to meet people who have lived in areas like Poland under the Soviet boot or who were alive during the ravages of World War II, those people here in the United States seem to understand more what is at stake right now than most any naturalborn American. They know what it is like not to have freedom. They know what it is like to have a government watch every move and tell you what you can or you cannot do and sometimes punish on a whim just to keep citizens terrified of the totalitarian government, a totalitarian government that has to exist in order for socialism, communism, and progressivism to exist. In fact, when I was in college, I was doing research and saw back in the days, I believe it was around 1960, ‘61, in that time, that the Premier of the Soviet Union, Khruschchev, understood that, under the idea of communism or progressivism, everyone would share and share alike; and the ultimate form of that progressivism or communism or socialism would be, when there was no need for government, everyone just shared and shared alike from those according to their ability, according to their need. Everyone shared. Of course, in the Soviet Union in 1960, ‘61, under Premier Khruschchev, it was indeed a very totalitarian country, not as bad as it had been under Stalin, but those millions and millions of Ukrainians who lost their lives when Stalin saw to their starvation, those who lost loved ones during that period of starvation at the hands of Stalin, they understand what freedom is and what it isn’t. They understand the only way a progressive or communist or socialist can exist is you have got to have that totalitarian government forcing or taking money or goods away from those who earn them and work for them—created them—and giving them to those who did not. So Khruschchev realized that, in the ultimate form of communism and progressivism, there is no government. So he appointed a committee or commission to study the issue and figure out how we eventually achieve that perfect state where there is no government and everyone is sharing and sharing alike. How do we get to that place? They were always big on having 5 year plans in the former Soviet Union, so he thought perhaps this commission, this group of learned people, could set up the plan for how they could move forward each year until there was that state of perfection, there was no government, but just people sharing and working, working together, sharing together, sharing with those who had not and could not. But as I learned from studying, Khruschchev eventually had to disband the commission. They realized there is no way you ever reach that perfect state of progressivism or socialism or communism. You can’t ever achieve that in this world. There will always have to be a totalitarian government that has taken away people’s freedom and tells them what they are allowed to do. That has been the direction of this government for years now: Let’s lure people in to total dependence on the government, and then we get to tell them where they will live and what they will do. Do you think that is a stretch? Look at what happened when the Democratic House and Senate voted to take over all college loans. That is a lot of power. When the Federal Government takes over all college loans, it enables the Federal Government to get into an area of governance that the Soviet Union did. The friends I came to know that summer I was there, the government told them whether they were going to be allowed to go to college. They told them what they would study in college. They told them where they were going to go work when they finish college. They told them what they were going to do in that place that the government directed them to go. Heck, there were 15 states in the former Soviet Union. You couldn’t even cross the states without having a visa to go between the states. I was shocked by that. But if you are going to have progressivism or socialism or communism, the shareandsharealike mentality, spreading the wealth—as our former President liked to say: If you are going to take from the sweat of someone else’s brow and give it to someone who did not earn it, you are going to have to have a totalitarian government. When the Federal Government here in the United States took over all college loans, it put itself in a position of being able to say: Okay. We know, historically, what the Soviet Union did, and we like that kind of power, so here is what we are going to do. b2045 You do this job or that job or go to this place and we will start forgiving that huge amount of debt you owe for your college loans that we are in charge of. That is power. When the Federal Government takes over flood insurance, it gives the Federal Government the power to tell people where they can or can’t live. Thank goodness we finally were allowed to reform the flood insurance. That is why— probably, the biggest reason—some of us didn’t vote for the second swath of money for the disasters this fall. There were no reforms that we were promised that would be there, like for the lady who said she had to rebuild her home in the same place 21 different times. There were so many homes the Federal Government has paid for since we took over flood insurance because, apparently, you had to build where your home flooded, even though you wanted to move elsewhere so your home wouldn’t flood again. If you wanted the money, you had to rebuild right there. That is what one lady was explaining. She didn’t want to still be there, but she couldn’t sell her lot with a destroyed, flooded home on it for enough money to build anywhere else. So she had to keep rebuilding where her home kept flooding. We needed a reform so people could move and we wouldn’t have to keep paying for people’s homes over and over again in the same place. If they want to pay for private insurance and 
live in the same place, fine. The Federal Government shouldn’t be forcing people to build in the same place and keep them there as financial prisoners. At least in the House, we finally passed some reforms recently. That was a good thing, and I am grateful we did. Through all of these decades, for the last 100 years, the people of Poland understood what freedom is and they understood when they didn’t have it. I can recall back in the seventies being on a train coming—I believe it was—from Gradna, on the border between Poland and the Soviet Union, coming across Poland, which was considered to be one of the satellite nations over Soviet domination. An American made the mistake of saying in the presence of a Polish gentleman: This land looks just the way it had for the last couple of days. The man became outraged. He said: No, no. In the Soviet Union there are huge farms and you can’t tell what is cultivated and what isn’t because they are not farmed very well. You look out here at the farms in Poland and they are much smaller because we own our own farms and work our own farms. He got very upset. I thought it was kind of a beautiful thing, how proud he was of his country, and the difference between a progressive or socialiststyle government that rewards sluggishness. He pointed there in Poland to a place where their hard work actually showed. We keep heading in the direction of the countries that have failed as they have tried this progressivism that always fails. It doesn’t make sense to keep trying it. It never works. It didn’t work in the New Testament. It didn’t work for the pilgrims. It will work in Heaven, in a perfect world, in paradise, with no jealousy and everyone pulling the same direction, loving, caring. But in this world, it will not ever work. In Poland—I was reading yesterday— their government leaders have come to the conclusion that life was better when they followed a Biblical example and had 1 day of the week where people rested and they were with their families. They went to church and they worshipped God. They found that is not a bad idea. Now there are people in Poland in leadership positions who are saying: We have had 7day workweeks, but families have suffered significantly. Maybe we should look back at that Biblical example of having 1 day of rest, 1 day together to worship; a day to be with family, a day to rest, and to love each other. It seems like sometimes we get moving so fast that we forget the best things in life. It looks like that is what some of the Polish leaders are now saying. They have also made clear to the EU that, just as President Trump has here, as leaders of a nation, a leader owes to that nation the protection that they were elected or hired to provide and survive. Survival is supposed to be what the leaders are ensuring. Flourishing. As a result of the policies we have seen change in the last 11 months, we now have had 2 months—1 month was a record for the last 8 years—but now we have had 2 months, as I understand it, where growth has gone over 3.4 percent in the economy. We can keep that up and continue to grow. We are going to have plenty of money to pay this country’s bills. In fact, the only way we will ever get out from under the massive debt we are about to leave and impart to our children and grandchildren is if we grow the economy sufficiently to grow our way out of that indebtedness. I believe the Laffer Curve is true. It is a truth economically. If you tax up to a certain point, then at some point, the more you tax, the more you overburden the work, and there gets to be less and the economy is brought down, you end up yielding less as a percentage of what you were bringing in. As Arthur Laffer explained to President Reagan and his aids, if the goal is to maximize Federal revenue, you want to hit that percentage of tax that encourages work and growth to the greatest extent, and then you will bring even more money in. The trouble is, like in Ireland, when they dropped their corporate tax rate so low—apparently, in the eighties, tax rates were dropped—revenue starts flowing in better and better and Congress started spending. They did the same thing in Ireland. Record revenue comes in, even bigger record spending took place. We can’t be doing that. There is an article here today in The Washington Times by Dave Boyer: ‘‘Pence, commemorating Israel’s birth, says Trump ‘actively’ seeks to move U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem.’’ We have had Presidents saying for years that they would move the embassy to the true capital of Israel. It has been the capital of Israel since King David moved it there about 3,000 years ago. I know that there are some that are very upset and say: No, no, you cannot move the Israeli capital from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. Well, Jerusalem is the capital. But perhaps a compromise might be that, since we know when King David became ruler over all of Israel, he first went to Hebron—I have been there a few times. I have stood there at what is strongly believed to be the tomb of King David’s father, Jesse. They think they found the small synagogue he created. It looks like that is what it was. Hebron is where Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob are all buried. In fact, Abraham made a big deal. He wanted to pay for the land where he and his family would be buried so that there would never be any question that it was their land where they were buried. The town of Hebron is where King David first went and ruled over Israel for 7 years and 6 months. After 7
1⁄2 years, he then moved the capital to Jerusalem. So I would be fine if we wanted to compromise and say: Okay, you need time to get used to the idea, then let’s move the capital from Tel Aviv to Hebron and make that the capital of Israel for 71⁄2years, like King David did. Then, following King David’s example, after 7
1⁄2years with Hebron as the capital, move it to Jerusalem. That would give people time to get used to the idea. I do want to make a comment. The Senate—at least some, but not all Senators—is dragging its feet on getting something passed in the way of tax reform. I was totally shocked to hear that some Senators were saying they wanted to have the corporate tax rate cut, put off, for a year. That seems crazy. As someone who has been to China and met with different CEOs and asking, ‘‘Why did you move all these manufacturing jobs from America to China,’’ I thought the answer would be labor unions, it would be over regulation. Well, those were all problems for them, they said. But I loved hearing repeatedly corporate leaders saying: Our best quality control, our best workers were in America. I loved hearing that. They seemed sincere. The reason we moved to China is because of the corporate tax rate being about half of what it is in China as compared to what it is in the United States. They said: So we have saved so much money by more than cutting our tax rate in half. What a corporate tax is, as Steve Moore said, which is such a great way to explain what it is: We like to say we are making the greedy corporations pay. No. Actually, you are making their customers and clients pay. If a corporation does not, whether it is subchapter S or a C corporation, pass those taxes on to their customers, their clients, they can’t stay in business. So it is a part of the price of their goods and services. I have advocated doing away with it. You will have so much more people working, so many more people making so much more money. The income taxes from the individuals will make up for it. It will be a beautiful thing. It is not a zero sum game. Everybody can do better and better and better. b2100 It would be a beautiful thing to see the economy expand like that, and it could. We could get those jobs back. But a corporate tax, the corporate tax here in America is the highest tariff any nation puts on its own goods or services, anything made in corporate America. It is a tariff on our own goods. Why do we do that? We could be so much more competitive around the world if the government didn’t put this burden on corporations. 
I was hoping that President Trump’s figure of 15 percent that undercuts the Chinese at least a little bit would be even more incentive to bring back manufacturing jobs to America, because any nation, any powerful nation that does not produce what they need in a time of war—because there will always be wars—is not going to remain a powerful nation beyond the next war. We need to be producing steel and rubber and all the things we need. We need to produce them right here in the United States. There is no reason we can’t, but we drive those jobs away because of the corporate income tax. President Trump had the right idea, 15 percent. He compromised, so it is at 20 percent. Thank goodness he didn’t let them work him up any beyond that, but there are some in the Senate trying to work beyond that—huge mistake. This economy can explode. It is already the top 3 percent, and it can keep climbing. Dr. Laffer tells me that after the final part of the 30 percent tax cut kicked in, in 1983, they hit over 7 percent growth in the economy. That is just unheard of. There were people saying, in the Obama administration, you know, we will probably never ever hit 3 percent again. It may just be an impossibility. No, it is not. You get rid of the corporate tax or at least get it down to where we are not putting such an enormous tariff on our own goods and services, and that economy can grow like that again, and we can get our manufacturing jobs back. An article here, Todd Starnes—he and I were both honored recently with an award that people like Tom Landry, Cal Thomas, and others have received for being Christians and speaking up for our faith, our beliefs. Todd Starnes, today, has this story: ‘‘Thank you, Mr. Trump, for bringing ‘Merry Christmas’ back to the White House,’’ and I certainly echo those feelings. It is amazing, this story from Maxim Lott, FOX News: ‘‘Media twist tax plan studies to claim it hammers middle class.’’ I have been hearing people here on this floor talking about how the tax proposal that we passed here in the House was going to hammer the middle class. Actually, the corporate tax cut alone will get the economy going so strong everybody is going to benefit. But I wish we had just had an across theboard flat tax created: you make more, you pay more; you make less, you pay less. That is where I wanted to go. That is true reform. But politics being what it is, because the Republican leadership did not want to have to fight a battle that, ‘‘Oh, we’re just helping the rich,’’ the highest tax rate is the only one we didn’t change. The idea was, well, if the only tax rate we don’t bring down is the 39.6 percent tax rate that the richest Americans have to pay, then the Democrats won’t be beating us up. They won’t be able to beat us up for raising taxes on the poor and middle class to help the rich. Well, they were wrong. Despite the fact that there will be more people now under the Republican tax plan that has passed here in the House—the Senate will just adopt it—there will be more people who will not be paying taxes. I kind of wish all of us, every American, had a little skin in the game. If they are making money, then they pay something. That is where a flat tax comes in. If you just make $10, you only pay $1. If you make $100, you pay $10. If you make $1 million, you pay $100,000. That is fair. But anyway, we passed our bill. It gives a tax break to the poorest Americans. It is going to help the economy grow, but we have got to get it done. I am hoping and literally praying that the Senate keeps their elimination of the individual mandate from ObamaCare so that people have the freedom to get policies that are best for them and not something forced on them by the government. And, yes, we know there will be unfair media that will do nothing but complain about millions who no longer have health insurance. Well, I can tell you, there are millions who are paying taxes now to the government because they can’t afford an insurance policy that won’t ever pay them because the deductible is too high, and they don’t want to keep paying our income tax because they can’t afford the ObamaCare policies. There are people who are paying for ObamaCare policies where the deductibles are so high, they will never get any benefit. Yes, there is apparently a segment, a small minority who—maybe as much as 20, 25 percent—who, like in the Soviet Union, are getting their money from where somebody else has earned it, having that money pay for their insurance, some of that coming from people who can’t even afford their own insurance. So they are paying higher income tax so this other group of Americans take their money from those working poor and pay for their insurance. What is fair about that? Forcing the working poor in America to pay higher income tax or pay for policies where they will never get anything back because the deductible is too high; also, that some people who will vote Democrat will get their insurance for free, that is not the way America became the greatest Nation that it was and can be again. And, yes, North Korea fired an ICBM today in the last 24 hours, and I am very grateful to President Trump for taking it seriously. I am so glad he is there. I am glad we don’t have the same people who gave North Korea the ability to have nuclear bombs during the Clinton administration. How foolish was it to basically say: Oh, look, North Korea, we will give you what you need to make nuclear weapons if you will just agree not to ever use those materials for nuclear weapons. And, of course, the North Korean leader said: Sure, you do all that, all I got to do is sign. Sure, you give me all I need for nuclear weapons, I will sign saying I will never create nuclear weapons. And what do they do? They make nuclear weapons because that is what they do. That is what those leaders do. The people of North Korea deserve better. And Iran is the same way. They can’t be trusted. So we need a firm leader who understands enough is enough, and I am glad President Trump is that leader. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. LUCAS (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today and November 29 on account of personal business in Oklahoma. Mr. STIVERS (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today through November 30 on account of his duties with the Ohio National Guard. 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 9 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, November 29, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. Supplemental report on H.R. 4182. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to modify probationary periods with respect to positions within the competitive service and the Senior Executive Service, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–415 Pt. 2). Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 3312. A bill to amend the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act to specify when bank holding companies may be subject to certain enhanced supervision, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–423). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 3758. A bill to provide immunity from suit for certain individuals who disclose potential examples of financial exploitation of senior citizens, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–424). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 1645. A bill to amend the SarbanesOxley Act of 2002 to provide a temporary exemption for lowrevenue issuers from certain auditor attestation requirements (Rept. 115–425). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 3093. A bill to amend the Volcker Rule to permit certain investment advisers to share a similar name with a private equity fund, subject to certain restrictions, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–426). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 995. A bill to direct the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of the Interior to amend regulations for racial appropriateness; with amendments (Rept. 115–427 Pt. 1). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 2228. A bill to provide support for law enforcement agency efforts to protect the mental health and wellbeing of law enforcement officers, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–428). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Ms. CHENEY: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 631. A resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3017) to amend the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 to reauthorize and improve the brownfields program, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3905) to require congressional approval of any mineral withdrawal or monument designation involving the National Forest System lands in the State of Minnesota, to provide for the renewal of certain mineral leases in such lands, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–429). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Agriculture discharged from further consideration. H.R. 995 referred to the House Calendar. 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. MARINO: H.R. 4458. A bill to amend the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 to prohibit the use of public funds for the payment of a settlement or award under such Act in connection with a claim arising from sexual harassment committed by a Member of Congress, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. THOMPSON of California (for himself and Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania): H.R. 4459. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to limit the amount of certain qualified conservation contributions; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BARLETTA (for himself and Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia): H.R. 4460. A bill to improve the provision of disaster and mitigation assistance to eligible individuals and households and to eligible State, local, Tribal, and territorial governments and certain private nonprofit organizations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BRADY of Texas: H.R. 4461. A bill to amend subpart 2 of part B of title IV of the Social Security Act to extend State court funding for child welfare, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. SINEMA (for herself and Mr. DONOVAN ): H.R. 4462. A bill to amend the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act to prohibit certain reimbursements relating to disaster assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ (for herself, Mr. SERRANO , Mr. E NGEL , Mrs. C AROLYN  B. MALONEY of New York, Mr. ESPAILLAT , Ms. M ENG, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. COLLINS of New York, Mr. D ONOVAN, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. TONKO , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Ms. SLAUGHTER , Mr. F ASO, Miss RICEof New York, Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. SUOZZI , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. REED, Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. CROWLEY , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. K ING of New York, Ms. TENNEY , Ms. N ORTON, and Ms. J ACKSON LEE): H.R. 4463. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 6 Doyers Street in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Mabel Lee Memorial Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. POSEY: H.R. 4464. A bill to repeal the rule issued by the National Credit Union Administration titled ‘‘RiskBased Capital’’; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. CURTIS (for himself, Ms. DEGETTE , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. POLIS, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and Mr. T IPTON ): H.R. 4465. A bill to maintain annual base funding for the Upper Colorado and San Juan fish recovery programs through fiscal year 2023, to require a report on the implementation of those programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. BROWN of Maryland (for himself and Mr. RASKIN ): H.R. 4466. A bill to provide funding flexibility to the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority, to grant authority to amend the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority Compact, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia (for himself, Mr. KATKO , and Mr. MCCAUL): H.R. 4467. A bill to require the Federal air marshal service to utilize riskbased strategies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. KING of New York (for himself, Miss RICEof New York, and Mr. SUOZZI ): H.R. 4468. A bill to direct the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating to study and report to the Congress regarding recreational vessel operator training; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 4469. A bill to amend title 40, United States Code, to permit commercial filmmaking and photography on the United States Capitol grounds, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 4470. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide a payroll tax exemption for hiring longterm unemployed individuals; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. QUIGLEY (for himself, Mr. MEEHAN , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. KINGof New York, Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. RENACCI , Miss R ICEof New York, and Mr. DONOVAN ): H.R. 4471. A bill to provide for the reporting to State and local law enforcement authorities of cases in which the national instant criminal background check system indicates that a firearm has been sought to be acquired by a prohibited person, so that authorities may pursue criminal charges under State law, and to ensure that the Department of Justice reports to Congress on prosecutions secured against prohibited persons who attempt to acquire a firearm; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. SPEIER (for herself, Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. G OWDY , Mr. MEEHAN , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. MEEKS , Mr. T HOMAS J. R OONEYof Florida, and Mr. J ONES ): H.R. 4472. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide that it is unlawful to knowingly distribute a private, visual depiction of an individual’s intimate parts or of an individual engaging in sexually explicit conduct, with reckless disregard for the individual’s lack of consent to the distribution, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. TENNEY (for herself and Ms. BROWNLEY of California): H.R. 4473. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow tax credits to veterans for the establishment of franchises; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN (for herself, Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. PAYNE , and Mr. L IPINSKI ): H.R. 4474. A bill to enhance the security of surface transportation assets, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 4475. A bill to provide for the establishment of the National Volcano Early Warning and Monitoring System; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mrs. COMSTOCK (for herself, Ms. SPEIER , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. RASKIN , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Ms. LOFGREN , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. FASO, Mrs. W ALORSKI , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. FOSTER , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. POCAN , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mrs. NOEM, Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. MCGOVERN , Ms. L EE, Ms. A DAMS , Mr. MOULTON , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. KAPTUR , Mr. J ONES , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. TAKANO , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. GROTHMAN , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. LYNCH , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. BROWN of Maryland, Mr. CRAMER , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. ROYCE of California, Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire, Ms. SINEMA , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. COSTA , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Ms. M ATSUI, Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. S IRES, Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. B ERGMAN , Mr. GIANFORTE , Mrs. H ANDEL , Mr. B ISHOP  of Georgia, Mr. LANGEVIN , Mr. MCEACHIN , Ms. S HEAPORTER , Mr. LANCE , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. BANKS of Indiana, Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. PANETTA , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. REICHERT , Ms. E STY 
of Connecticut, Mr. M EADOWS , Mrs. DINGELL , Mr. B ERA, Mr. G ENEGREEN  of Texas, Mr. DEUTCH , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Ms. MCSALLY , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. EVANS , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. DENHAM , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. YOUNG of Iowa, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. CARBAJAL , Mrs. M IMI WALTERS of California, Mr. B ACON , Mr. OLSON , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. ROKITA , Mrs. C AROLYN B. MALONEY of New York, Mr. G OMEZ , Mr. MCKINLEY , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mrs. LAWRENCE , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. KEATING , Mr. P ETERS , Mrs. DEMINGS , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. R OSEN , Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. CORREA , Mr. W OMACK , Ms. M ENG, Mr. WELCH , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. B EYER , Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. F RELING HUYSEN , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. ESHOO , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Mr. SCHNEIDER , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. PEARCE , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. R ODNEYDAVIS of Illinois, Mr. P AYNE , Mr. CLEAVER , Mr. V ELA, Mr. O’R OURKE , Ms. DELAURO , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE  of Pennsylvania, Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio, Ms. GABBARD , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. DELANEY , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. COFFMAN , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. VISCLOSKY , Mr. B RAT, Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. S MUCKER , Mr. LAWSON of Florida, Mr. F ERGUSON , Mrs. BUSTOS , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. HUIZENGA , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. WALKER , Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. W ILSON  of Florida, Mrs. BEATTY , Mr. SCHWEIKERT , Mr. S OTO, Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. YOHO, Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. H ILL, Mr. BARR, Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. CULBERSON , Ms. G RANGER , Mr. FLORES , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. T AYLOR , Mr. HURD, Mr. M ITCHELL , Mr. W ILSON  of South Carolina, Mr. PITTENGER , Mr. MOOLENAAR , Mr. B UCSHON , Mrs. LOVE, Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. WESTERMAN , Mr. GUTHRIE , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. ARRINGTON , Mr. S CALISE , Mr. B ARTON , Mr. STIVERS , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. B URGESS ): H. Res. 630. A resolution requiring each Member, officer, and employee of the House of Representatives to complete a program of training in workplace rights and responsibilities each session of each Congress, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania (for himself and Mr. KINZINGER ): H. Res. 632. A resolution condemning the senseless attacks on hospitals and medical personnel in Syria, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. GABBARD (for herself, Mr. HURD, and Ms. S INEMA ): H. Res. 633. A resolution supporting the designation of ‘‘#GivingTuesday’’ and supporting strong incentives for all people of the United States to give generously; to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. By Mr. MARINO: H.R. 4458. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. THOMPSON of California: H.R. 4459. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section I By Mr. BARLETTA: H.R. 4460. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically Clause 1 (relating to providing for the common defense and general welfare of the United States) and Clause 3 (related to regulation of Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with Indian tribes) and Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress). By Mr. BRADY of Texas: H.R. 4461. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ By Ms. SINEMA: H.R. 4462. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 4463. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to . . . provide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States; . . . By Mr. POSEY: H.R. 4464. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. CURTIS: H.R. 4465. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 18 By Mr. BROWN of Maryland: H.R. 4466. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Necessary and Proper Clause (Art. 1, Sec. 8, Cl. 18) By Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia: H.R. 4467. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KING of New York: H.R. 4468. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution [Page H3878] By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 4469. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 4470. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. QUIGLEY: H.R. 4471. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution By Ms. SPEIER: H.R. 4472. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. TENNEY: H.R. 4473. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 4474. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 4475. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 ‘‘The Congress shall have power To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 158: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 173: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. CLEAVER , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. CALVERT , and Mr. L AMALFA . H.R. 233: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 399: Mr. SOTO, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mrs. D EMINGS , and Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 435: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 504: Mr. HUDSON . H.R. 564: Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. H.R. 620: Mr. FLEISCHMANN and Mrs. H ANDEL. H.R. 632: Mr. CRAMER . H.R. 681: Mr. WOMACK . H.R. 747: Mr. GOMEZ . H.R. 807: Mr. LYNCH . H.R. 817: Ms. JAYAPAL . H.R. 820: Mr. PALAZZO , Mr. H OLLINGS WORTH , Ms. A DAMS , and Mr. C ARTER of Geor gia. H.R. 823: Mrs. BEATTY , Ms. D EGETTE , Ms. JAYAPAL , and Mr. N ORCROSS . H.R. 930: Mr. ESTES of Kansas, Mr. RATCLIFFE , and Mr. C ARBAJAL . H.R. 947: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 949: Mrs. BUSTOS . H.R. 997: Mr. ABRAHAM . H.R. 1017: Mr. RUIZ, Mr. H UNTER , and Ms. FUDGE . H.R. 1102: Mr. CROWLEY . H.R. 1148: Mr. PETERSON . H.R. 1155: Mrs. BEATTY , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. DUFFY , Mr. D OGGETT , and Ms. R OSEN . 
H.R. 1160: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 1164: Mr. ESPAILLAT . H.R. 1178: Mr. BUCSHON and Mr. G ARRETT . H.R. 1192: Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. H.R. 1201: Mr. GROTHMAN and Mr. R UIZ. H.R. 1243: Mr. SCHNEIDER and Ms. M ATSUI . H.R. 1267: Mr. RUIZ. H.R. 1406: Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. H.R. 1419: Mr. HUFFMAN . H.R. 1472: Mr. RUIZand Mr. S CHRADER . H.R. 1481: Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 1552: Mr. FASO. H.R. 1563: Mr. SERRANO . H.R. 1566: Mr. CAPUANO . H.R. 1733: Mr. SAMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 1817: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 1825: Ms. TITUS, Mr. L ARSEN of Wash ington, and Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. H.R. 1876: Mr. RUIZ. H.R. 1889: Ms. WILSON of Florida. H.R. 1905: Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 1932: Ms. JAYAPAL . H.R. 1953: Mr. GRAVES of Missouri and Mr. LYNCH . H.R. 1972: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 2004: Mr. WITTMAN . H.R. 2015: Mr. RASKIN , Ms. R OSEN , Mrs. BEATTY , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. R OYBAL  ALLARD , Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , and Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 2068: Mr. SCHRADER . H.R. 2150: Mr. SHERMAN . H.R. 2158: Mr. MCEACHIN . H.R. 2161: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 2186: Mr. PERRY . H.R. 2224: Mr. WALKER . H.R. 2243: Mr. KENNEDY . H.R. 2260: Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 2327: Mr. WILLIAMS . H.R. 2366: Mr. CROWLEY . H.R. 2401: Mr. GOMEZ . H.R. 2556: Mr. BLUM. H.R. 2584: Mr. DONOVAN , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. AGUILAR , and Ms. B ONAMICI . H.R. 2598: Mr. NADLER and Mr. L OWENTHAL . H.R. 2604: Mr. PERRY . H.R. 2616: Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 2666: Mr. CURBELO of Florida. H.R. 2701: Mrs. LOVE. H.R. 2723: Mrs. HANDEL . H.R. 2735: Mr. BEYER . H.R. 2740: Mrs. DEMINGS . H.R. 2748: Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Ms. WILSON of Florida, Mr. S CHRADER , and Ms. ADAMS . H.R. 2773: Mr. BERGMAN . H.R. 2790: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, and Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 2851: Mr. MCCAUL and Mr. DESJARLAIS . H.R. 2902: Mr. SERRANO , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. G OMEZ , Mr. MCEACHIN , and Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 2913: Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 2920: Mr. RICEof South Carolina, Mr. BLUMENAUER , and Mr. D EFAZIO. H.R. 2925: Mr. RASKIN . H.R. 2943: Mr. PANETTA . H.R. 2976: Mr. FOSTER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. T ED LIEUof California, Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. AGUILAR , Ms. S HEAPORTER , and Ms. R OYBAL  ALLARD . H.R. 2987: Ms. HANABUSA . H.R. 3024: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 3107: Mr. MEEHAN . H.R. 3127: Mr. GUTHRIE . H.R. 3128: Mr. GUTHRIE . H.R. 3199: Mr. FOSTER . H.R. 3222: Mr. LYNCH . H.R. 3265: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 3324: Ms. DELBENE. H.R. 3356: Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS and Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 3368: Mr. CARSON of Indiana. H.R. 3395: Mr. GOTTHEIMER . H.R. 3415: Mr. ISSA. H.R. 3528: Mr. PANETTA , Mr. D ONOVAN , and Mr. KINGof New York. H.R. 3533: Mr. PANETTA . H.R. 3541: Mr. MEEHAN . H.R. 3596: Mr. PAYNE , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. CARTER of Georgia, and Mr. W ALDEN . H.R. 3641: Mr. THOMAS J. R OONEY of Flor ida, Mr. HARRIS , Mr. C RIST, Mr. B UDD, Mr. RUSH, and Ms. C LARKE of New York. H.R. 3654: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 3692: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 3712: Mr. FORTENBERRY . H.R. 3730: Mr. KIHUEN . H.R. 3751: Mr. CICILLINE and Mr. K HANNA . H.R. 3754: Mr. GOODLATTE , Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana, Mr. LAMALFA , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia, and Mr. ALLEN . H.R. 3759: Mr. KILDEE , Mr. E STES of Kansas, Mr. SMITH of Washington, Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, and Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 3768: Mr. HIMES. H.R. 3784: Mr. FOSTER and Mr. L OWENTHAL . H.R. 3806: Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 3812: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 3814: Mrs. COMSTOCK . H.R. 3864: Mr. KINDand Mr. K ILDEE . H.R. 3867: Mr. HIGGINS of New York. H.R. 3913: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 3923: Mr. WELCH and Mr. C LAY. H.R. 3939: Mr. NOLAN and Mr. E LLISON . H.R. 3942: Mr. BARR, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. R OYCE of California, and Mr. ALLEN . H.R. 3968: Ms. ROSEN . H.R. 3975: Mr. LIPINSKI . H.R. 3976: Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. C LAY, Mrs. LOVE, Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. L YNCH , and Mr. LUETKEMEYER . H.R. 3979: Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia and Mr. CURBELO of Florida. H.R. 4007: Mr. CRAWFORD . H.R. 4022: Mr. HOLDING , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. ELLISON , Mr. M EEHAN , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indi ana, Mr. CAPUANO , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. JENKINS of Kansas, and Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 4037: Mr. PITTENGER , Mr. J ODYB. H ICE of Georgia, Mr. WILSON of South Carolina, Mr. LAMALFA , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. D UNN, and Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 4049: Mr. FOSTER . H.R. 4072: Mr. SCHIFF and Mr. L OWENTHAL . H.R. 4077: Mr. LANCE and Mr. S ARBANES . H.R. 4078: Mrs. MIMIWALTERS of California. H.R. 4082: Mr. GUTIE´RREZ and Mr. D EUTCH . H.R. 4101: Mr. BUCSHON and Mr. T HOMAS J. ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 4116: Ms. JAYAPAL and Mr. W ELCH . H.R. 4117: Ms. JAYAPAL and Mr. W ELCH . H.R. 4122: Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 4131: Mr. ADERHOLT . H.R. 4143: Mr. BUCSHON , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. LOEBSACK , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. JOYCE of Ohio, Mr. L UETKEMEYER , and Mr. CUELLAR . H.R. 4155: Mr. AGUILAR , Mr. O LSON , Mr. FASO, Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. MCEACHIN , and Mr. A LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 4168: Ms. ESTYof Connecticut. H.R. 4184: Mrs. MURPHY of Florida, Mr. CAPUANO , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, and Mr. KINGof New York. H.R. 4190: Mr. MCKINLEY . H.R. 4207: Mr. MEEHAN . H.R. 4229: Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia, Mr. COFFMAN , and Mr. M EADOWS . H.R. 4234: Mr. PEARCE and Ms. J ACKSON  LEE. H.R. 4238: Mr. KINZINGER and Mr. M EEHAN . H.R. 4240: Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Ms. BROWNLEY of California, and Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 4253: Mr. SMITH of Washington, Ms. LEE, Mr. C APUANO , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. L ARSENof Washington, and Ms. S A´NCHEZ . H.R. 4261: Mr. BUCSHON and Mr. N ADLER . H.R. 4265: Mr. COOPER . H.R. 4268: Ms. SHEAPORTER and Ms. JAYAPAL . H.R. 4273: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 4274: Mr. WILLIAMS and Mr. S MITH of Missouri. H.R. 4290: Mr. BEYER , Mr. C ARSON of Indi ana, Mr. DEUTCH , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , and Mr. LYNCH . H.R. 4300: Ms. BORDALLO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Mr. E VANS , Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. HASTINGS , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. COURTNEY , Mr. S IRES, Mr. L ARSEN of Wash ington, Ms. LOFGREN , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. CARBAJAL , Mr. B ERA, Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali fornia, Mr. AGUILAR , Mr. C RIST, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. LANGEVIN , Mrs. D EMINGS , Ms. S HEAPORTER, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. RICHMOND , Ms. B ASS, Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Ms. ADAMS , Ms. L EE, Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. M OORE , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. PANETTA , and Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 4306: Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas and Mr. SUOZZI . H.R. 4314: Mr. SUOZZI . H.R. 4328: Mr. BARR. H.R. 4339: Mr. DUFFY . H.R. 4363: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 4379: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 4384: Mrs. LOWEY and Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 4391: Mr. MCGOVERN , Ms. K APTUR , and Ms. LEE. H.R. 4392: Mr. DONOVAN , Mr. R USH, Mr. ESPAILLAT , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. LARSON of Connecticut, Mr. CROWLEY , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. LAWSON of Florida, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. L YNCH , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illi nois, Ms. KAPTUR , Mr. T ROTT , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. SOTO, Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl vania, and Mr. GIBBS. H.R. 4396: Mr. BANKS of Indiana, Mr. C ROWLEY, Mr. N ADLER , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. MESSER , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. B ACON , and Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 4413: Mr. HUNTER , Mr. J ONES , Mr. YOUNG of Alaska, Mr. G OSAR , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. ZELDIN , and Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 4424: Mr. COSTA . H.R. 4426: Mr. RASKIN and Mr. D ESAULNIER . H. Con. Res. 81: Mrs. BEATTY . H. Res. 15: Mr. KEATING and Mr. S MITH of Missouri. H. Res. 220: Mr. UPTON . H. Res. 274: Mr. ROSKAM . H. Res. 283: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H. Res. 318: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H. Res. 393: Mr. YARMUTH , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. CARTWRIGHT , Mrs. L OWEY , and Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H. Res. 443: Ms. HANABUSA . H. Res. 445: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H. Res. 466: Mr. MEEHAN and Mr. D EFAZIO. H. Res. 570: Mr. COSTA . H. Res. 604: Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puer to Rico and Ms. GABBARD . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to be offered by Representative GRIJALVA or a designee to H.R. 3905 the Minnesota Economic Rights in Superior Nat’l Forest Act, does not contain any 
congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
67. The SPEAKER presented a petition of the Council of the District of Columbia, Washington, D.C., relative to Resolution No. 22285, urging the Congress to take appropriate action to inform the National Park Service and the General Services Administration that the statue of Albert Pike be removed; which was referred to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7337 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 2017 No. 193 
The Senate met at 12:02 p.m. and was called to order by the Honorable STEVE  DAINES , a Senator from the State of Montana. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer: Let us pray. O God, You are the source of life and peace. Praised be Your Name forever. We know that it is You who can turn our thoughts toward peace and unity. Use Your power to transform our minds and hearts. Lord, as our Senators face the challenges of today and tomorrow, give them a faith that will find opportunities in every adversity. May they cast their burdens on You, trusting Your loving kindness and tender mercies. Give them an understanding that puts an end to strife, mercy that quenches animosity, and forgiveness that overcomes resentment. May each day be for them a building block for making America a nation that glorifies You. We pray in Your mighty Name. Amen. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 