Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, it gives me a great deal of pleasure to rise and note the celebration that we will be having not only for the birth of Christ for the month of December, but on De-cember 10, this coming Sunday, I will celebrate the First Baptist Church in Rock Hill, South Carolina, under the leadership of Reverend Steve Hogg. b1015 Let me give you a little background on the church and on Reverend Hogg. Reverend Hogg was born on January 14, 1958, in Roxana, Kentucky. I think his birthday will signify his 60th in Janu-ary. He married Monieca on March 27, 1982. They have two children, Steven and Jacqueline. The history of his service began in February of 1977 to November of 1977, where he was bus minister of the First Baptist Church in Whitesburg, Ken-tucky. From there he went to the Sum-mer Missionary, First Baptist Church, from 1977 to 1980 and 1983. He was pas-tor of the Colson Baptist Mission from November of 1977 to March of 1984. He then went and served as pastor of the Bethel Baptist Church from March of 1984 to December of 1987, where he began his ministry in the First Baptist Church in Rock Hill, South Carolina, in December of 1987. Let me just give you a couple of milestones for the church. First Bap-tist Church relocated in April of 2004 to an 84,000 square-foot phase 1 facility on 52 acres of land near I–77. Let me tell you, as a developer, we were involved in that area, and there were no shop-ping centers when the church moved out there. There were no hotels when the church moved there. There were no gas stations where the church moved. They literally moved out in an area of town on faith that this area was going to be where the church wanted to grow, and grow it has. The church budget has increased from $490,000 to $2,637,000. They have had over 1,500 baptisms. They spon-sored the first African-American con-gregation for membership in the York 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Dec 06, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06DE7.003 H06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9669 December 6, 2017 
Baptist Association. They sponsored a second African-American congregation for membership in the York Baptist Association. Reverend Hogg has had a long and distinguished service to our State and country. He has served as president under the South Carolina Baptist Con-vention in 1993 to 1994. He served as the second vice president in 1992 to 1993. He has been chairman of the United Chris-tian Baccalaureate Planning Com-mittee. He has served on the executive committee of the Billy Graham Caro-linas Crusade. He is a charter member of the city of Rock Hill No Room for Racism Board. He is the cofounder and State codirector of Changing South Carolina which led a movement to ban video poker. The activities of the church that he has started include many contem-porary worship services, the interces-sory prayer ministry, and a ministry for the deaf. He started the television broadcasts of morning services, and he has live-streaming of the worship serv-ices. He has conducted eight capital fund campaigns. I could go on and on. It has been such a pleasure seeing this church grow. I forgot to mention that when they decided to move to this new area of town, he didn’t go with just a simple majority for the board of di-rectors of the First Baptist Church. It had to be 80 percent or greater. How democratic is that? It has been said that to be successful, you must have three things. You must have a self worth living with, you must have a work worth living for, and you must have a faith worth living by. Rev-erend Hogg has demonstrated he has had a successful life, and he continues to have a successful life. Godspeed for the First Baptist Church in Rock Hill, South Carolina. 
f 
DACA RECIPIENTS LOSE THEIR PROTECTION FROM DEPORTATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, every day that Congress does not pass the Dream Act, 122 DACA recipients lose their protection from deportation. That is 122 every day—young people who arrived in the U.S. as children, have gone through multiple back-ground checks, and have lived in the U.S. for at least 10 years. Every week that passes, nearly 1,000 DACA recipients lose their protection from deportation. By Christmas, the number of DACA recipients who will have lost protection will reach 13,492. But now we are hearing that we may have a short-term CR or a series of CRs and that the whole budget and funding debate may get kicked down the road to next year when all 800,000 young im-migrants who signed up for DACA begin losing their status. Mr. Speaker, with Republicans in control of the House, Senate, and White House, I am pretty sure you will not need my vote to pass the next budget. So I will vote against any short-term CR because I assume you have the votes to govern as you see fit no matter how much I and other Demo-crats disagree with your priorities on women, on children’s healthcare, the environment, or DREAMers. Now, if Republicans decide they do need help from Democrats to approve a budget, they know where to find us, and we are more than willing to help if what we are voting on meets minimal standards of priorities for the Amer-ican people. For me and a lot of my colleagues, that means a vote on the Dream Act right now this year. The votes are here, the legislation is here, and the American people are al-ready in support. So, Mr. Speaker, at some point, Republican leadership should just get out of the way and let America vote. That is what leadership, compromise, and bipartisanship look like. Now, we certainly know what it doesn’t look like. In the middle of the night last weekend, Republicans voted to give a tax cut to the richest Ameri-cans. They dressed it up as a tax cut for all of us—for everyone—but we all know that it is an obscene tax cut for the obscenely wealthy and rich in America. Not a single Democrat in either House supported it. This chart explains part of the reason. It is tremendously unpopular with the American people as the small slice in red on this chart shows us. According to a Gallup poll, just 29 percent of Americans support the Republican tax cut for billionaires and the multinational corporations. That is what partisanship looks like. So what does bipartisanship look like? It looks like the Dream Act. Overall, 86 percent of Americans sup-port the Dream Act, a bill to legalize immigration status of immigrants who arrived in the United States as chil-dren. Yes, 86 percent. That is a big slice of red on the chart. That number comes—get this—from a FOX News poll, just in case you think I was using a partisan poll where they put their thumb on the scale to show things in my favor. Sixty-three percent of Trump voters back citizenship for the DREAMers. So here is a proposal supported by an overwhelming number of people, an overwhelming number of Republicans, and an overwhelming percentage of Trump voters. But we can’t get a vote. Yesterday, 34 Republicans in this body wrote to the Speaker asking him to please allow a vote and something to protect the DREAMers. Clearly, all 34 percent of those Republicans can read the chart in red. They want to do something that is both politically pop-ular and the right thing to do from a moral standpoint. The reason Republican leaders will not allow a vote on the Dream Act, or at least are acting like they won’t, is because they know it will pass. So you take 34 Republicans who wrote the Speaker and add 194 Democrats, and do you know what you got? A majority of the House. For all of those Republicans who op-pose the Dream Act, they get a Christ-mas present. They get to vote against it. What better way to associate your-self with the comments of your Presi-dent on Mexicans, on Muslims, and on everything else than to vote against the Dream Act? So, Mr. Speaker, I urge you to let your Members vote against the Dream Act as an act of charity in the Christ-mas spirit. Republicans will get what most of them want: an opportunity to send a message to their base voters by voting on something the rest of us agree on—just like the tax bill—but this time, with the passage of the Dream Act, at least a majority of the American people will get something out of it, too. f 
THE DEVASTATION IN PUERTO RICO The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, just a few weeks ago, I was privileged to travel to Puerto Rico to meet with residents of the hardest hit areas of the island and to stand by them and serve them on Thanksgiving Day. The extent of the damage, Mr. Speaker, is vast and heartbreaking, and the road to recov-ery will be long and filled with chal-lenges. I cannot begin to describe the devas-tation, but what I can describe is the enduring spirit and the shining opti-mism of all the people whom I met. I was inspired to see the way the com-munity came together to help one an-other and the generosity with which people shared what little they had in order to make sure their neighbors were taken care of. I was fortunate to have the advice and counsel of constituents of mine, Pastor Harry Torres, from the Arriba P.R. Project, and Karen Rosado, from the Latino Alliance of Bucks County. With their help, I reported back to our community the needs of our fellow citi-zens to better tailor our community’s efforts to provide relief to the people of Puerto Rico. The people of Puerto Rico are citi-zens of the United States of America. Let this Congress not forget that. 
BATTLING DISCRIMINATION  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, on Friday, I was honored to welcome a group of passionate, well spoken, and civic-minded young constituents to our Nation’s Capitol. Along with the Bucks County Chapter of the NAACP and the Peace Center, these students spoke to me on the floor of the House of Rep-resentatives testifying about their ex-periences battling discrimination in all forms as they work to create a more inclusive society. Our team was deeply moved by the stories of these young people. In the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Dec 06, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06DE7.005 H06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9670 December 6, 2017 
coming days, I will be entering these students’ written testimonies into the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD so my col-leagues can also benefit from their ex-periences. As I have said, hateful attacks against members of our community cannot and will not be tolerated, and it is incumbent upon each and every one of us to condemn hate wherever and whenever it appears. I look forward to carrying this message to my colleagues and community as we work together to rise above and appeal to the better an-gels of our nature. 
f 
IMPEACHMENT BEGINS TODAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
REEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, again, I am honored to be accorded the privilege of standing in the well of the Congress of the United States of America. Mr. Speaker, the American poet, Robert Frost, penned a poem with the words: ‘‘Two roads diverged in the woods, and I took the one less traveled. ...  ’ ’  Mr. Speaker, in a metaphorical sense today, sometime after noon, shortly after 12 p.m., I will take the road less traveled. Mr. Speaker, I ask that no one take this journey with me. I am absolutely convinced that this is a road worth traveling, but I have not asked that others travel this road and will not. Mr. Speaker, after noon today, I will present Articles of Impeachment. There are many who want to know: What is next? What will happen after there is a vote? Mr. Speaker, I will satiate those con-cerns after the vote. But I will take the road less traveled, and I believe that it will make all the difference. 
f 
DEFENSE DEPARTMENT BUDGET The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. D
UNCAN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, several times over my 29 years in Congress, I have wondered whether there are any fiscal conserv-atives at the Pentagon. It seems that the Defense Department is just like every other gigantic bureaucracy. When it comes to money, the refrain is always more, more, more. On November 14, the House passed what one Capitol Hill paper described as a $700 billion compromise Defense bill. It was $80 billion over the budget caps and many billions more than even President Trump had requested. I opposed almost all the major initia-tives of the Obama administration, but it was false to say that the Defense De-partment had been depleted or evis-cerated during those years or that now we must rebuild the military. In fact, public relations experts in future years should conduct studies about how the Defense Department has been able to convince the public it has been cut when it is now getting more money than ever. b1030 Defense Department appropriations have more than doubled since 2000. In addition, the Department has gotten extra billions in several supplemental or emergency appropriations bills. The military construction bill is a separate bill that has added another $109.5 billion over the last 10 years. It would be hard to find any U.S. military base anyplace in the world that has not had several new buildings constructed over the last few years. In fiscal year 2016, we spent over $177 billion on new equipment, tanks, guns, et cetera. We have spent similar amounts for many years. Most of this equipment does not wear out or have to be replaced after just 1 year. It is ironic that the only President in the last 60 or 70 years who has tried to rein in defense spending is the only President in that period who spent most of his career in the military. In Evan Thomas’ book, ‘‘Ike’s Bluff,’’ when told by his top staffer that he could not reduce defense spending, President Eisenhower said if he gave another star to every general who cut his budget, ‘‘there would be such a rush to cut costs, you’ll have to get out of the way.’’ The book also quotes Eisenhower as saying: ‘‘Heaven help us if we ever have a President who doesn’t know as much about the military as I do.’’ Therein lies an explanation for a big part of what has caused much excessive and/or wasteful defense spending and the willingness, even at times eager-ness, to go to war and support perma-nent, never-ending wars. Only 18 percent of the current Con-gress has ever served in any branch of the military. Members are afraid that if they do not vote for an increase in defense spending or if they question waste by the military, some dema-gogue will accuse them of ‘‘not sup-porting the troops.’’ It would be a huge understatement to say that I usually do not agree with New York Times editorials, but the editorial board, on October 22, pub-lished an editorial entitled ‘‘America’s Forever Wars,’’ pointing out that ‘‘the United States has been at war continu-ously since the attacks of 9/11’’ and now has ‘‘troops in at least 172 coun-tries. . . .’’ The board wrote that so far, the American people have ‘‘seemed to ac-cept’’ all this militarism, but ‘‘it’s a very real question whether, in addition to endorsing these commitments, which have cost trillions of dollars and many lives over 16 years, they will em-brace new entanglements. . . .’’ The New York Times added that ‘‘Congress has spent little time consid-ering such issues in a comprehensive way or debating why all these deploy-ments are needed.’’ Backing these words up was a car-toon in the October 25 issue of Politico, a Capitol Hill newspaper. The cartoon showed six Senators sitting at a hear-ing. The first Senator, reading a news-paper, says: Who knew we had troops in Niger? The second says: Heck, we don’t even know how the military budget gets spent. Finally, the cartoon shows a Senator saying: War is hell. I say we just give the Pentagon an extra $80 billion and call it a day. Washington Post columnist Richard Cohen, himself a veteran, as am I, wrote on October 23: ‘‘But there is something else at work here: the slav-ish veneration now accorded the mili-tary. You can see it every time some-one in uniform testifies before Con-gress.’’ Since now that less than 1 percent of the people serve in the military, it may be that many people who never served feel, perhaps even subconsciously, that they must bend over backwards to show their patriotism. However, it is not unpatriotic to oppose wasteful de-fense spending or very unnecessary per-manent, forever wars. President Reagan once said: ‘‘Our troops should be committed to combat abroad only as a last resort, when no other choice is available.’’ We have far too many leaders today who seem to want to be new Winston Churchills and who are far too eager to send people to war. No true fiscal con-servative could ever justify spending many billions more than even Presi-dent Trump requested. Our national debt recently went over the $20 trillion level. A few days ago, it was reported that the deficit for fiscal year 2017 was $666 billion. This fiscal year, it may be even higher. Conservatives used to be against huge deficit spending. They also used to be against massive foreign aid. Much of what we have been doing in both Iraq and Afghanistan, training police and farmers, repairing electrical and water systems, even making small business loans, is pure foreign aid. Many of our foreign interventions have been done under the auspices or authority of the United Nations. Conservatives used to be the biggest critics of the U.N. and world government. Most of our so-called ‘‘coalitions’’ have been funded al-most entirely by American taxpayers. Most interventionists at some point resort to a slur referring to their opponents as isolation-ists. This is so false. Traditional conservatives support trade and tourism and cultural and educational ex-changes with other countries and they agree with helping during humanitarian crises. They just don’t believe in dragging war out forever, primarily so defense contractors, think tanks, and military bureaucrats can get more money. One last point: We have far too many offi-cers. In Scott Berg’s biography on Woodrow Wilson, it says during World War I, we had one officer for every 30 enlisted men. Eisenhower once said we had too many offi-cers when there were nine enlisted for every 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Dec 06, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K06DE7.006 H06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9671 December 6, 2017 
officer. Now we have one officer for only four and a half to five and a half enlisted (varies by branch). This is very expensive, both for active duty and retirement, but it also makes it much more likely that we will get involved in every little conflict around the world and/or continue bas-ing troops in almost every country. We simply do not have enough money to pay for defense of so many countries other than our own nor the authority under our Con-stitution to try to run the whole world. 
f 
NAFTA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
AHOOD) for 5 minutes. Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, the American economy stands today at a crucial moment. With globalization and advancement in technology, the world economy con-tinues to become more intertwined than ever, as countries trade goods and services at rates never seen before. It is easy to look at this change and turn inward in an attempt to shore up America’s position in the world econ-omy, but that will only set us up for more struggles down the line. Here in America, we make and produce the best goods in the world, but tariffs and regulations put Amer-ican goods at a disadvantage in too many countries. That is why it is so crucial we continue to support free and fair trade, working to better our trade agreements, like the North American Free Trade Agreement, or NAFTA, to help American businesses and families. In my district, Illinois’ 18th Congres-sional district, agriculture remains the largest portion of our economy. In fact, we are the eighth largest agriculture district in the country. Some of the most fertile farmland in the entire world is located in the 18th District. As great as the products we grow may be, our farmers and agriculture in-dustry must have markets to sell their goods. That is why free trade agree-ments like NAFTA come in, removing barriers that allow our corn and soy-beans to be sold all over the world at competitive prices. Since the implementation of NAFTA, American agriculture exports have more than quadrupled from $8.9 million to $38 billion annually, bringing more money back to our rural and agri-culture communities. It is so impor-tant that this amount of money comes back to our district and it is the reason why our agriculture sector now sup-ports over 21 million jobs here at home. Other sectors of our economy are just as affected by trade, especially in man-ufacturing. With 95 percent of the world’s consumers living outside of the United States, protectionist tariffs and policies in other countries put Amer-ican goods at a disadvantage. Since NAFTA’s implementation, we have seen these barriers come down and more markets opening up to our exports. That is why our trade agree-ment partners receive half of all ex-ports of American manufactured goods. The benefits of this are passed on to hardworking families, with jobs linked to trade paying 15 to 20 percent more and accounting for more than 38 mil-lion jobs across our country. While NAFTA and free trade have al-lowed for this kind of prosperity and growth, we must also be mindful of the problems that can arise. For example, recent Canadian policies creating quotas for American poultry and dairy have threatened those industries here at home. That is why it is time to take a fresh look at our trade agreements, not with an eye to withdrawing from the global economy, but with the goal of making our trade fairer and better. As President Trump and his team continue to renegotiate the terms of the NAFTA deal, it is my hope that they can keep in mind the businesses, farming operations, and families of dis-tricts like Illinois’ 18th. Free trade is a win-win for our Nation, and it is vital that we work hard to make these agreements fairer to keep America at the forefront of the world economy. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 38 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky) at noon. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Loving God, thank You for giving us another day. We thank You on this day for the example of St. Nicholas, who fed the hungry, brought hope to the imprisoned, gave comfort to the lost, and taught the truth to all. May all who work here in the peo-ple’s House strive to imitate him by putting You first in all we do. Give us the courage, love, and strength of St. Nicholas so that, like him, we may serve You through our service to all our brothers and sisters. May all that we do be for Your great-er honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. O’HALLERAN ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. O’HALLERAN led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. SIRES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in continued opposition to the Repub-lican tax plan. Earlier this week, the House of Rep-resentatives agreed to go to conference with the Senate on H.R. 1, which gives breaks to the wealthy and corporations at the expense of the needs of the American family. This bill eliminates deductions used by those who need it most: students, teachers, veterans, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Dec 06, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE7.004 H06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9672 December 6, 2017 
sick, and families that are struggling to make ends meet. Yet, despite this elimination of nu-merous vital deductions that millions of families across this country rely on, the House and the Senate bill retained a deduction for golf course owners. If you own a golf course in America, your deductions are kept; but if you are a student and you get a scholarship, you are going to have to pay taxes on that. So if I were a student, I get it twice. We are looking at cutting the Pell grants and we are looking at taxing what students get, yet if you own a golf course where this game is played, you get a deduction. I am sorry, but I don’t think that is fair. 
f 
AMERICANS DISAPPROVE OF MEDIA COVERAGE (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, according to a new Quinnipiac poll, 58 percent of Americans disapprove of the media’s coverage of the President. Only 38 percent approve. It is no surprise why the American people disapprove of the media’s coverage. A few weeks ago, CBS Evening News ran a lengthy story mocking President Trump for taking a sip of water during the middle of a speech. To date, the broadcast networks of ABC, CBS, and NBC have spent over 12 hours on an unproven Trump-Russia connection while only devoting 4
1⁄2 minutes to the Clinton uranium scan-dal involving Russia. Newsweek published a headline ac-cusing Ivanka Trump of plagiarism be-cause she used a sentence from a pre-vious speech. Newsweek should check the dictionary. It is not plagiarism if you use your own words. These are only three of many exam-ples that account for why 58 percent of Americans disapprove of the media’s coverage. Their liberal bias is on dis-play for all to see, and Americans are tired of it. 
f 
PAYING RESPECTS TO GEORGE WILLIE, SR., OF LEUPP, ARIZONA (Mr. O’HALLERAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay my respects to a hero. George Willie, Sr., of Leupp, Ari-zona, passed away this week at the age of 92. He was a highly decorated Navajo Code Talker who served with the Sec-ond Marine Division from 1943 to 1946. According to his family, George deliv-ered and received coded messages using the Navajo language at the Battle of Okinawa. His love for his family was unwaver-ing and his commitment to his country was steadfast. Pat and I are keeping George’s wife, Emma; his 10 children; and his grandchildren in our prayers as they mourn his passing. A celebration of his life is scheduled for Friday at the First Presbyterian Church in Leupp, and George will be laid to rest with honors at the Vet-erans Memorial Cemetery at Camp Navajo. f 
PRESERVING OUR SECOND AMENDMENT RIGHTS (Mr. BABIN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act. Our bill allows law-abiding citizens who are qualified to carry concealed firearms in one State to also carry in other States that allow residents to do so. Constitutional rights do not end at State lines, and this must include an individual’s ability to exercise their Second Amendment rights. A recent survey shows that 73 percent of Ameri-cans agree and support concealed carry reciprocity. The current system is simply too confusing and, unfortunately, results in some concealed carry permit holders to unknowingly break the law and suf-fer arrest while preventing others from carrying across State lines at all. Our bill corrects this infringement on Americans’ Second Amendment rights and allows concealed carry permit holders the ability to travel freely be-tween the States, just like a driver’s li-cense. As a lifelong gun owner and fervent supporter of the Second Amendment, I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense bill and empower law- abiding citizens with the ability to ex-ercise their constitutional rights as they travel across State lines. 
f 
PRESERVING OUR SECOND AMENDMENT RIGHTS (Mr. MESSER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, the Sec-ond Amendment to the Constitution of the United States reads: ‘‘ . . . the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed.’’ That right is a fundamental freedom guaranteed by our Bill of Rights. That is why I am proud to cosponsor the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act, which protects the Second Amendment rights of all Americans. This legislation says that if you are qualified to carry a gun in your own State, then you can carry a gun in any State that has a similar law. This bill will eliminate significant obstacles to the right to keep and bear arms for millions of Americans in every State. Hoosiers get it. Law-abiding gun owners have a right to defend them-selves, and that right should not end at the State line. I urge support for this legislation and I ask my colleagues to join me in doing more to uphold our Second Amendment rights. f 
PRESERVING OUR SECOND AMENDMENT RIGHTS (Mr. HARRIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act as well. This commonsense legislation protects the constitutional right to bear arms by al-lowing qualified individuals to carry a concealed firearm across State lines. Our First Amendment rights to free speech don’t change when we cross State lines, and neither should our Sec-ond Amendment constitutional right to protect ourselves. Unfortunately for Marylanders, our right to bear arms is still heavily re-stricted by gun-control liberals in our State legislature. Restricting the right to own firearms only hurts a law-abiding citizen’s right to defend herself. Cities like Baltimore and Chicago, with their out-of-control murder rates despite their highly re-strictive gun laws, are proof of that. Concealed carry reciprocity will make our country safer. Self-defense is the top reason cited for owning a fire-arm, and concealed carry permit hold-ers are certainly not to blame for our Nation’s violent crime problem. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to pass H.R. 38 and protect our Second Amendment rights. 
f 
TAX REFORM (Mrs. HARTZLER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I come to the floor today to praise the progress the Senate and the House has made toward passing tax reform for the American people. Our tax plan would roughly double the standard deduction, a deduction that 71 percent of Missourians use. When our tax bill passes, the simple truth is that it will allow Missouri families and families everywhere to take home more of their paychecks. Our tax plan will also be more fair, eliminating special interest loopholes and making it easier for average Amer-icans to file taxes. Currently, our coun-try spends a total of $378 billion per year filing tax returns. Our tax plan will change all that. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to work-ing with my colleagues on the final version of this bill so we can give Americans a great present by Christ-mas and watch our economy thrive. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06DE7.011 H06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9673 December 6, 2017 
REMEMBERING ALFRED EARNEST PELLOW, FOUNDER OF VETS HONOR GUARD IN FRANKLIN, PENNSYLVANIA (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart to honor Alfred Earnest Pellow, a resident of Franklin, Pennsylvania, who passed away last week at his home. Ernie, as he was called by family and friends, was involved in founding the Veterans Coalition and the VETS Honor Guard in Franklin. He was also deeply instrumental in bringing the Veterans Administration clinic to Franklin to care for our military men and women. The 79-year-old was a U.S. Army peacetime veteran who served 37 months in Germany. In 1960, he mar-ried his wife, Joyce, with whom he spent 57 years of wedded bliss. He was a family man: a loving husband, broth-er, father, and grandfather. Ernie was a self-employed building contractor. He received the Pennsyl-vania Builders of the Year Award in 1996 and Pennsylvania Builders Distin-guished Achievement Award in 2014. A member of Masonic Blue Lodge and the York Rite, Ernie received his Ma-sonic 50 year pin in 2015. Mr. Speaker, Ernie Pellow lived a life of service: service to his country, serv-ice to his community, and service to his family. He will be sorely missed by all who knew him. 
f 
A RESOLUTION OF IMPEACHMENT (Mr. AL GREEN of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, once again, I am accorded the pre-eminent privilege of addressing the House. I consider this one of the great honors of my life to be able to address the House of Representatives. Today, after this 1-minute speech, Mr. Speaker, I will present a privileged resolution. I want to thank the many persons, especially my staff, who have assisted in the drafting and crafting of this res-olution. I am grateful to the many per-sons who have supported me in many ways. 
f 
NOTICE OF INTENTION TO OFFER RESOLUTION RAISING A QUES-TION OF THE PRIVILEGES OF THE HOUSE Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, pursuant to clause 2(a)(1) of rule IX, I rise to give notice of my intent to raise a question of the privileges of the House. The form of the resolution is as fol-lows: Impeaching Donald John Trump, President of the United States, of high misdemeanors. Resolved, that Donald John Trump, President of the United States is unfit to be President and is impeached for high misdemeanors, and that the fol-lowing articles of impeachment be ex-hibited to the Senate: Articles of Impeachment exhibited by the House of Representatives of the United States, in the name of itself and of the people of the United States, against Donald John Trump, President of the United States, in maintenance and support of its impeachment against him for high misdemeanors committed as President constituting harm to American society to the mani-fest injury of the people of the United States: Article I. In his capacity as President of the United States, unmindful of the high duties of his high office and the dignity and proprieties thereof, and of the har-mony and courtesies necessary for sta-bility within the society of the United States, Donald John Trump has with his statements done more than insult individuals and groups of Americans, he has harmed the society of the United States, brought shame and dis-honor to the office of President of the United States, sowing discord among the people of the United States by as-sociating the majesty and dignity of the presidency with causes rooted in White supremacy, bigotry, racism, anti-Semitism, White nationalism, or neo-Nazism on one or more of the fol-lowing occasions: On August 15, 2017, Donald John Trump made a widely published state-ment characterizing a group of anti- Semites, bigots, racists, White nation-alists, and Ku Klux Klansmen who ral-lied in Charlottesville, Virginia, as ‘‘very fine people.’’ On August 7, 2017, hate groups re-turned to Charlottesville, Virginia, at the statue of Robert E. Lee, the Con-federate general, chanting ‘‘You will not replace us!’’. Since this event on October 7, the President has made many widely published statements about many things, including the Na-tional Football League, but has not made one widely published statement condemning the hate groups for return-ing to the place where an innocent per-son lost her life at the hands of hate. On November 29, 2017, Donald John Trump shared three videos posted by a leader of a British political party con-sidered by many to be an extremist group. The videos purported to show various violent acts committed by Muslims and were entitled: ‘‘Muslim migrant beats up Dutch boy on crutch-es!’’; ‘‘Muslim Destroys a Statue of Virgin Mary!’’; and ‘‘Islamist mob pushes teenage boy off roof and beats him to death!’’. The clearly inferable intent of the post was to demonstrate the alleged propensity of Muslim immi-grants to engage in violent acts. Even if the videos showed what they purport to show, in sharing these videos with his 43,800,000 followers on Twitter, Don-ald John Trump’s dissemination of such material evinces an invidious in-tent to create division within Amer-ican society. In all of this, the aforementioned Donald John Trump, by his state-ments, unmindful of the high duties of his high office and the dignities and proprieties thereof, and of the har-mony, respect, and courtesies nec-essary for stability within the society of the United States, has undermined the integrity of his office, has sown dis-cord among the people of the United States, has brought disrepute, con-tempt, ridicule, and disgrace on the Presidency, has acted in a manner antithetical to the cause of a just soci-ety, has betrayed his trust as President to the manifest injury of the people of the United States, and committed a high misdemeanor in office. Therefore, Donald John Trump by causing such harm to the society of the United States is unfit to be President and warrants impeachment, trial, and removal from office. Article II. In his capacity as President of the United States, unmindful of the high duties of his high office, of the dignity and proprieties thereof, and of the har-mony and respect necessary for sta-bility within the society of the United States, Donald John Trump has with his statements done more than simply insult individuals and groups of Ameri-cans. He has harmed the American so-ciety by publicly casting contempt on individuals and groups, inciting hate and hostility, sowing discord among the people of the United States, on the basis of race, national origin, religion, gender and sexual orientation, on one or more of the following occasions: On January 27, 2017, Donald John Trump issued Executive Order 13769 providing for a partial shutdown of im-migration from mainly Muslim coun-tries, to fulfill a campaign promise that read as follows: Donald J. Trump Statement on Preventing Muslim Im-migration, New York, New York, De-cember 7, 2015. Donald J. Trump is call-ing for a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country’s representatives can figure out what’s going on, thereby casting contempt upon Muslims, incit-ing hate and hostility, and sowing dis-cord among the people of the United States on the basis of religion. On July 26, 2017, Donald John Trump made a public statement substantially as follows: ‘‘After consultation with my Generals and military experts, please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow Transgender individuals to serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military. Our military must be focused on deci-sive and overwhelming victory and cannot be burdened with the tremen-dous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would en-tail,’’ and thereby casting contempt on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06DE7.013 H06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9674 December 6, 2017 
transgender individuals, inciting hate and hostility, and sowing discord among the people of the United States on the basis of gender. On September 23, 2017, Donald John Trump made a public statement sub-stantially as follows: Wouldn’t you love to see one of these NFL owners, when somebody disrespects our flag, to say, ‘‘Get that son of a B–I–T–C–H off the field right now, out, he’s fired? He’s fired!’’, thereby casting contempt on professional football players who en-gaged in constitutionally protected protests pertaining to allegations of police misconduct with regard to racial minorities, as well as casting contempt on the professional players’ mothers by calling the mothers ‘‘B–I–T–C–H–E–S’’, effectively calling these mothers ‘‘dogs,’’ thereby inciting hate and hos-tility and sowing discord among the people of the United States on the basis of race and gender. On September 30, 2017, Donald John Trump made a public statement sub-stantially as follows: ‘‘They want ev-erything to be done for them when it should be a community effort,’’ in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria, thereby casting contempt on Puerto Rican citi-zens of the United States, inciting hate and hostility, and sowing discord among the people of the United States based on national origin and race. On October 3, 2017, Donald John Trump made a public statement sub-stantially as follows: I hate to tell you, Puerto Rico, but you’ve thrown our budget a little out of whack because we spent a lot of money on Puerto Rico, that’s fine, we’ve saved a lot of lives, but Donald John Trump did not make similar comments about Texas or Flor-ida in the aftermath of Hurricane Har-vey or Hurricane Irma, treating the Puerto Rican citizens of the United States disparately, thereby casting contempt on Puerto Ricans, inciting hate and hostility, and sowing discord among the people of the United States based on national origin and race. On October 19, 2017, Donald John Trump made a public statement sub-stantially as follows: ‘‘The Fake News is going crazy with wacky Congress-woman Wilson (D), who was SE-CRETLY on a very personal call, and gave a total lie on content!’’, thereby casting contempt on an African-Amer-ican Member of Congress, inciting hate and hostility, and sowing discord among the people of the United States based on gender and race. On October 21, 2017, Donald John Trump made a public statement sub-stantially as follows: ‘‘I hope the Fake News Media keeps talking about Wacky Congresswoman Wilson in that she, as a representative, is killing the Democrat Party!’’, thereby casting contempt on an African-American fe-male Member of Congress, inciting hate and hostility, and sowing discord among the people of the United States based on gender and race. On October 22, 2017, Donald John Trump made a public statement sub-stantially as follows: ‘‘Wacky Con-gresswoman Wilson is the gift that keeps on giving for the Republican Party, a disaster for Dems. You watch her in action & vote R!’’, thereby cast-ing contempt on an African-American female Member of Congress, inciting hate and hostility, and sowing discord among the people of the United States based on gender and race. In all of this, the aforementioned Donald John Trump has, by his state-ments, brought the high office of Presi-dent of the United States in contempt, ridicule, disgrace, and disrepute; has sown discord among the people of the United States; has demonstrated that he is unfit to be President; and has be-trayed his trust as President of the United States to the manifest injury of the people of the United States; and has committed a high misdemeanor in office. Therefore, Donald John Trump, by causing such harm to the society of the United States, is unfit to be President, warrants impeachment, trial, and re-moval from office. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under rule IX, a resolution offered from the floor by a Member other than the ma-jority leader or the minority leader as a question of the privileges of the House has immediate precedence only at a time designated by the Chair with-in 2 legislative days after the resolu-tion is properly noticed. Pending that designation, the form of the resolution noticed by the gen-tleman from Texas will appear in the R
ECORD at this point. The Chair will not at this point de-termine whether the resolution con-stitutes a question of privilege. That determination will be made at the time designated for consideration of the res-olution. 
f 
b1230 PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 38, CONCEALED CARRY RECIPROCITY ACT OF 2017 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 645 and ask for its immediate consider-ation. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 645 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 38) to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide a means by which nonresidents of a State whose resi-dents may carry concealed firearms may also do so in the State. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on the Judiciary now printed in the bill, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115-45 shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary; and (2) one mo-tion to recommit with or without instruc-tions. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. H
AS-
TINGS ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of de-bate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on House Resolution 645, currently under consid-eration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I am pleased to bring forward this rule on behalf of the Rules Committee. The rule provides for consideration of H.R. 38, the Concealed Carry Reci-procity Act. The rule provides for 1 hour of de-bate, equally divided between the chairman and ranking member of the Judiciary Committee. The rule also provides for a motion to recommit. Yesterday, the Rules Committee had the opportunity to hear from my fellow Judiciary Committee members, Chair-man G
OODLATTE , Ranking Member N
ADLER , as well as Congresswoman S
HEILA JACKSON LEEand others. Con-gresswoman S
HEILA JACKSON LEEhap-pens to be the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investiga-tions. Last month, the Judiciary Com-mittee rigorously debated H.R. 38 and considered 22 amendments to this legis-lation. The committee also marked up and discussed H.R. 4477, the Fix NICS Act, which is incorporated into the Rules Committee print. I thank my friend, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. H
UDSON ), for introducing this legislation, which takes a commonsense approach and re-flects our constitutional right to bear arms. Mr. Speaker, all of us in this body took an oath to uphold and defend the Constitution, and, as we all under-stand, the Constitution enshrines our right to keep and bear arms in the Sec-ond Amendment. Over the years, this right has been challenged in the courts and, in some cases, by public opinion. However, lest there be any question about the con-stitutionality of our right to keep and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE7.001 H06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9675 December 6, 2017 
bear arms, let me remind my col-leagues that the Supreme Court, the highest court in the land, recognized, in a 2008 opinion, that ‘‘the Second Amendment conferred an individual right to keep and bear arms.’’ As the son of a Georgia State troop-er, I learned to respect firearms at an early age, and I have shared that re-spect with my boys and daughter. As a Member of Congress, I believe I have a duty to uphold American liberties for current and future generations. I am a cosponsor of the Concealed Carry Reci-procity Act because I believe constitu-tional rights extend past State lines. Mr. Speaker, the Bill of Rights isn’t a philosophical exercise; it is a docu-ment that protects the practical ex-pression of liberties that our fore-fathers recognized as essential ele-ments of our democracy. I, myself, have a concealed carry permit; and, as a husband and father, I have prioritized being able to defend my family and my home should the unthinkable happen. I am also a sportsman, a hunter, and an ardent defender of the Second Amendment; but, like many others, the primary purpose of owning and keeping a concealed carry permit is self-de-fense. I don’t think that right should be undermined simply because I travel to another State. This bill upholds and recognizes State laws, while ensuring that driving across State lines to run an errand, go to work, or visit a rel-ative doesn’t blot out an individual’s rights. Mr. Speaker, I will tell you a very re-cent story about how firearms can play a critical role in self-defense and pro-mote public safety. Just yesterday, in Dawson County, in a part of my dis-trict in northeast Georgia, a woman witnessed an individual attacking a sheriff’s deputy at a local gas station. The woman was in possession of a fire-arm and fired at the suspect. While de-tails are still unfolding at this point, it highlights the benefits of a citizenry that is reasonably and responsibly armed. Contrary to the claims of Second Amendment detractors, the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act is not about ex-panding access to firearms or putting guns in the hands of criminals. On the contrary, the bill includes protections to uphold laws surrounding firearm possession and safeguards individuals’ ability to protect themselves and their neighbors. The Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act supports the Second Amendment rights of law-abiding Americans, and, impor-tantly, it offers a solution to the cur-rent patchwork of State laws affecting concealed carry permits. Currently, all 50 States issue con-cealed carry permits in some capacity, but these laws leave citizens traveling across State lines to decipher a variety of State laws or risk inadvertently breaking the law. It is also worth noting that, of the States that have adopted right-to- carry legislation, no State has repealed it. Moreover, Mr. Speaker, we simply have no evidence to indicate that con-cealed carry permit holders pose a risk to public safety. The Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act upholds States’ rights to establish their own permitting requirements, but it takes the commonsense step of al-lowing individuals who meet the cri-teria for concealed carry in their home States to bear arms in other States as long as they follow the local concealed carry laws of the State they are in at any given time. This bill doesn’t allow individuals who currently would be prohibited, under Federal law, from possessing firearms to obtain those weapons, and it doesn’t tell States how to regulate the use of firearms. It does, however, ensure that law-abiding citizens can protect themselves and exercise their Second Amendment rights when cross-ing State lines. Thirty States, including Georgia, al-ready have ‘‘shall issue’’ permits, which require States to issue permits to individuals who meet the legal re-quirements for a concealed carry per-mit; eight States have ‘‘may issue’’ laws, which allow for discretionary per-mit laws; and 12 States allow for the carrying of a concealed weapon with-out any permit or license at all. Many States have some type of reci-procity whereby they mutually recog-nize permits from other States or may honor permits or licenses issued by other jurisdictions. However, there are some States that neither recognize out-of-State concealed carry permits nor issue permits to nonresidents, re-sulting in a complete ban on the con-cealed carry rights of nonresidents who find themselves in those States. The legal landscape of these State laws and their terms for recognizing concealed carry permits is complex. Yet, Mr. Speaker, we must recognize and remember that, at a practical level, our Union functions by acknowl-edging the necessary reciprocity of cer-tain State functions, this being one of them and should be. But the current patchwork of State laws means that these law-abiding individuals have to stop and think about their rights, where they are located at the time and whether they recognize their Second Amendment rights, or they risk break-ing the law. Also, Mr. Speaker, H.R. 38 includes the text of the Fix NICS Act. The Fix NICS Act ensures individuals who are prohibited from receiving firearms are properly documented in the NICS sys-tem, and it would require Federal agen-cies to report relevant records in ac-cordance with the law. Mr. Speaker, the legislation before us upholds a constitutional right to keep and bear arms and recognizes the fact that the Bill of Rights isn’t limited to certain jurisdictions. Our Founding Fa-thers carved certain foundational rights into our democracy, and today’s bill simply upholds the spirit and letter of the Second Amendment. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Georgia for yielding me the customary 30 minutes for debate. Mr. Speaker, this is the 54th closed rule brought by the Republican major-ity to the floor. Yesterday, in the Rules Committee, I pointed that out, as well as the fact that there were 25 Members of this body who offered amendments that were not made in order. Significant numbers of them were germane, and they were bipar-tisan. We cannot continue to ignore the importance of allowing full mem-bership to participate on behalf of their constituents. Today’s bill combines two bills: one, a bipartisan supported approach to strengthening background checks; the other, a disgraceful handout to the powerful gun lobby and gun manufac-turers. I also pointed out last night that the NRA, in many respects, is two bodies: those at the top and the rank-and-file members. Many of the rank-and-file members, for example, support uni-versal background checks that we could be talking about in this measure if an amendment seeking to have that made in order had been made in order. A month ago yesterday, this country grieved with our brothers and sisters in Sutherland Springs, Texas, as they reeled from one of the worst mass shootings this country has ever suf-fered. A man walked into a house of worship as churchgoers prayed and sprayed bullets throughout the build-ing. He killed an 18-month-old baby; he killed eight members of one family; he killed the pastor’s 14-year-old daugh-ter—a total of 26 people—and he was able to do so in a matter of minutes. We learned later that this man had served in the Air Force and, while there, had been court-martialed for committing acts of domestic violence against his wife and infant child. As part of his sentence, he was prohibited from purchasing or possessing fire-arms. Tragically, this information was never put into the National Instant Criminal Background Check System, and we call that NICS. He was able to pass a background check and come into possession of several guns he would use to murder 26 innocent people in Suth-erland Springs, Texas, on November 5, 2017. This tragic event is instructive to the bill brought by us today. Clearly, our background check system must be strengthened. The problems with our background check system are more grave than we previously could even imagine, as re-cent reports indicate that the FBI has sought to retrieve guns from thousands of people that the background check system should have blocked from buy-ing a weapon but who ultimately were allowed to do so. I think we can all agree that, if we have a system through which people 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06DE7.016 H06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9676 December 6, 2017 
like the murderer in Sutherland Springs can buy a gun or one in which thousands of people who should have never been allowed to buy a gun in the first place are able to do so, then we really have no system at all. Today’s bill, in part, would have been a good first step in addressing those weaknesses. But, Mr. Speaker, my Re-publican colleagues, in a fashion so common for their majority of this Con-gress, have decided to sabotage a com-monsense, bipartisan bill by combining it with a reckless piece of legislation that will allow guns to be carried all over this country. Let us remember that the gunman in Texas was a known domestic abuser. He abused his wife and he abused his child. Under today’s concealed carry bill, all we would have to do is change ‘‘wife’’ to ‘‘girlfriend,’’ and in some States he would be able to obtain a concealed carry permit for a handgun. Should today’s bill become law, he would then be allowed to bring that concealed handgun into your State, even if your State does not allow con-victed domestic abusers to have con-cealed weapons. For example, Mr. Speaker, the State that I am privileged and proud to rep-resent, Florida, stops abusive dating partners from carrying loaded, hidden handguns in public. However, my friend from Georgia’s State, right over the border, does not have that same re-striction. Under this legislation, Flor-ida would be mandated to allow abu-sive dating partners with concealed permits from Georgia to carry their weapons in Florida. b1245 Under H.R. 38, violent offenders and people with no firearms safety training would be able to carry hidden loaded guns even if they could not otherwise legally purchase a gun in the State. Footnote right there: like my friend from Georgia, I, too, have a concealed carry permit in the State of Florida, and I am a firm believer in the Second Amendment and a person’s right to own a weapon, but I also think we should be discussing today matters such as the bump stock, and there were amendments that dealt with that that were not made in order. I think we should be discussing assault weapons in the hands of the public. I, for the life of me, do not understand how anybody, other than people in law enforcement and the military, need an AK–47 or a multiple-firing gun. Mr. Speaker, this idea that we are presented with here is so terrible, so anathema to common sense and de-cency, that one has to wonder aloud, where did such an idea come from. Well, we have an answer, and it is probably not too surprising. Today’s concealed carry bill is brought to you by the Republican Party via their very influential friends in the powerful gun lobby. Footnote right there: the gun lobby does the bidding of gun manufacturers, who benefit immensely. Why don’t we just pass a mandate that every woman, man, and child in America must buy a gun, and maybe that would satisfy or satiate gun manufacturers with ref-erence to how they continuously cause us to do things that are not common-sense matters as it pertains to guns. In fact, this bill, which will allow do-mestic abusers to carry concealed weapons across State lines, is the top priority for the gun lobby. Well, happy holidays, fellows, but we here on this side of the aisle are going to do every-thing that we can to make sure you don’t get it. When this matter gets to the other body, I can assure my friend from Georgia, and all of the speakers on ei-ther side today, that it is going no-where. So what are we doing by bringing this measure in the first place? Is it a distraction? Is it an absolute necessity that we do this? Mr. Speaker, just so we are crystal clear, what is happening right now in the people’s House, let me reiterate, just over 2 months after a gunman killed 58 people and wounded nearly 550 people in Las Vegas, and just over a month after another gunman killed 26 people in their church as they prayed, this Republican majority, in response to those atrocities, saw fit to bring to the floor a bill that would allow violent offenders to carry concealed weapons all across the country. Let that sink in. This isn’t the only time that we have done something along these lines. After Sandy Hook, after children were killed and their teachers were killed, we did nothing. After Virginia Tech; where people were killed in significant num-bers at a military base; in Colorado in a theater; in Orlando, Florida, in a nightclub, repeatedly we have seen these multiple shootings, or mass shootings as they are referred to, where three or more people are killed, 330 times this year alone we have had mass shootings, yet we come here with a bill talking about carrying concealed weapons. Every day in America, 93 people on average are killed with a gun, seven of them children, but in the midst of this gun violence epidemic, and that is what it is, what do my Republican col-leagues do? Did they bring to the floor legislation to close the gun show loop-hole, or did they close loopholes to pre-vent domestic abusers from purchasing guns, or are they considering a ban on so-called bump stocks that do turn semiautomatic weapons into illegal automatic guns, most recently used to rain carnage down on innocent concertgoers in Las Vegas? One country music singer pointed out that his band had legal guns, but they were afraid to bring them out in Las Vegas because the authorities couldn’t ferret out who was doing the shooting. We had that in a Wal-Mart that all of us saw posted, the shooting where peo-ple with guns caused confusion among the police. A footnote there: this bill proposes to study the issue of bump stocks. Mr. Speaker, we don’t need a study. As my colleague, Congresswoman D
INATITUS, who represents the city of Las Vegas, said last night at the Rules Committee, the only study we need is to go look at the 58 crosses in her district. That is what bump stocks do. That is your study. Did my Republican colleagues bring to the floor a bill that would have ad-dressed any of these commonsense pro-posals? Of course not, because even though those proposals have the sup-port of an overwhelming majority of American people when it comes to guns, that is not what motivates my Republican friends. What they care about is the gun lobby and gun manu-facturers and their wish list. That is why we are here today. Mr. Speaker, my friends on the other side of the aisle like to compare a con-cealed carry permit to a driver’s li-cense, but let me set the record straight, because that comparison is nothing but a gross exercise in false equivalency. A driver’s license must meet stringent, uniform Federal cri-teria established under the REAL ID Act. This includes a photo of the li-cense holder and data including their date of birth and their State of resi-dence. There are absolutely no such uniform standards when it comes to concealed carry permits. In some States, they could look like a paper library card. In others, they may have photo identifica-tion. There is no national database, no hotline that contains permit informa-tion from all 50 States, so law enforce-ment would be in a position of having to find each individual issuing agency to verify that a concealed carry permit is valid, and that is impossible. My Republican colleagues often tout their support for our first responders. Well, I urge them to heed the warnings of those brave men and women. Major law enforcement groups understand how dangerous this bill would be, and that is why so many of them oppose what the majority is trying to do here today. Organizations like the Major Cities Chiefs Association, Police Foun-dation, and Police Executive Research Forum all stand in strong opposition to today’s bill. To make matters worse, this piece of legislation even exposes members of the law enforcement community to personal litigation if they mistakenly question someone’s ability to carry a concealed weapon. Mr. Speaker, this is not just some small issue limiting a law enforcement officer’s ability to carry out their job; this limit on challenging concealed carry permits will cost lives. In fact, a recent study conducted by Stanford University found that when States weaken law enforcement’s authority to deny a permit to those who pose a dan-ger to the community, violent crime goes up by 13 to 15 percent. This re-search is clear, convincing, and not at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06DE7.017 H06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9677 December 6, 2017 
all difficult to fathom. When you lift limits on who can carry a concealed weapon, gun-related crime goes up. It is that simple. Mr. Speaker, among the many impor-tant issues this body must address, the following stand out: as of this moment, we are roughly 72 hours away from a government shutdown; we have 800,000 persons whom we refer to as DREAM-ers who continue to wait for us to do the right thing and bring them fully into the only country that they know as home; and we have 9 million chil-dren and their parents facing an uncon-scionable lapse in lifesaving funding for the incredibly important Children’s Health Insurance Program. Given all that, what does the Repub-lican-controlled Congress do? They bring a bill to the floor that will make it easier for domestic abusers to cross State lines with concealed weapons. This is shameful and no way to run a government. Last night, I thought actively too long trying to go to sleep about the ac-ronym GOP, Grand Old Party, the con-servatives, the States’ rights conserv-atives, the fiscal conservatives who are about to dump serious debt on our chil-dren should be called now by their ac-ronym, rather than GOP, in light of the choice that they make with reference to guns, perhaps GOP should stand for ‘‘Guns Over People.’’ Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentle-woman from Missouri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ). She has some language in this bill. I also would like to thank her for her support for this legislation. Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R. 38, the Con-cealed Carry Reciprocity Act. This bill, which reaffirms the Second Amendment rights of all law-abiding citizens to keep and bear arms in every State, includes a provision I introduced earlier this year as the Police Officers Protecting Children Act. My provision would help protect our children from school shootings and em-power local law enforcement to respond rapidly in the case of an emergency. As many of you who represent rural areas know, in these sparsely populated re-gions, our local law enforcement is stretched thin. My bill would amend the Gun-Free School Zones Act to allow school boards to permit off-duty and retired police officers to carry their firearms on school campuses so they can re-spond quickly in the event of a crisis. The legislation would expand the reach of local police officers, decrease emer-gency response time, and put more choice back in the hands of our local school districts. It is a win-win-win. As we have learned over and over, lo-calities are much better equipped to know what works for their district rather than the Federal Government. In fact, the idea of my bill came from a constituent who is a retired police of-ficer and served his community for 30 years. This gentleman came to me be-cause he wasn’t allowed to use his weapon to protect his grandchildren at school even though he had decades of experience and continued to pass an annual recertification test. Additionally, the sheriff of Laclede County in my district said: Not allow-ing current law enforcement officers, or qualified retired law enforcement of-ficers, to carry weapons at schools sim-ply puts children’s lives at risk. I agree. Mr. Speaker, I thank the Judiciary Committee for including my legisla-tion in this important bill, and I urge my colleagues to support the rule and the underlying bill. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ), a very good friend of mine. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 38, the Con-cealed Carry Reciprocity Act. This dangerous bill is an attack on commonsense gun laws across the country. It will force States like mine in New York, with carefully crafted gun laws, to recognize the concealed carry permits from all other States. This bill doesn’t create a national standard. Instead, it lets the States with the weakest laws dictate the safe-ty of everyone else. Thirty-one States require safety training, 35 States pro-hibit domestic abusers from carrying concealed weapons, 27 States prohibit people convicted of violent mis-demeanors from carrying concealed weapons. All of these States’ laws will be overridden if H.R. 38 passes. It is unconscionable, in the wake of two of the worse mass shootings in modern American history, Republicans are still trying to dismantle gun laws. It is like ‘‘Alice in Wonderland.’’ We must fight on behalf of the safety of all Americans and pass comprehensive gun safety laws, not this dangerous bill. b1300 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING), a fellow member of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the underlying bill, H.R. 38; or maybe that is the lead bill and there is an underlying bill that has been attached to it. I want to speak a little bit here about this proc-ess. First of all, though, we have a con-cealed carry bill before us that is a good and an excellent bill, that has been hard-worked and well-vetted, and I want to thank Mr. H
UDSON for his diligent work on this for a number of years. A year and a half or more ago we had this bill about ready to go before the Judiciary Committee. I raised an issue. My concern was that it didn’t allow for the proper respect for the States—7 then, 12 now—who have legitimate con-stitutional carry, which is: Since you have a Second Amendment right, you have a right to carry a weapon. Under this bill now, having incor-porated an amendment that I had pre-pared a year and a half or so ago that allows then for the residents of the States who have constitutional carry to then travel into other States; if they are legal in their home State, they are legal in another State, under this bill, without having to require the States that respect full constitutional carry to produce permits for their citizens and their residents to travel into neighboring States or anywhere in the country. I think that is a significant improvement, and I thank Mr. HUDSON  for his cooperation and work on that. Like I say, this is a good and solid bill. I am, however, concerned about this process. When I hear the gentleman, Mr. H
ASTINGS , speak about this is the 54th closed rule that we have seen, I am for a lot of open rules. I am for open debate. I want to fight it out in committee and I want to fight it out here on the floor. Our Founding Fathers understood that. They set this system up this way. They said to all of us: Go to your dis-trict, pull the best ideas you have there, generate your own good ideas, bring them here, and let them compete in this marketplace of ideas. But if we don’t have the window to compete with ideas, if we don’t have that opportunity to have the debates, if we don’t have the opportunity to force votes on amendments, then the best that America has to offer eventu-ally doesn’t show up in the law or to the President’s desk. This is one of those circumstances where we learned a bill that didn’t have a number the morning that we marked this up in committee is now the Fix NICS bill. It got a number sometime that same day. There was not a full opportunity to vet the Fix NICS bill. I am very apprehensive about what it might do to this country. I would like to have had hearings and learn what kind of American citizens, law-abiding citizens, will be disadvan-taged by the Fix NICS bill. Whose names get on that and why? How do you get those names off when you need to be cleaning up the list? I want to have everybody on the list who belongs on the list, but I don’t want anybody on the list who doesn’t belong on the list. I want to protect American people and I want to protect constitutional rights. We didn’t get an opportunity to look into this, and anybody who brought an amendment to the Rules Committee, it came to the floor under a closed rule. So I am concerned and I am apprehen-sive about this. In fact, as I look through these provi-sions, I strongly support section 103, V
ICKY HARTZLER ’s section in the bill. Section 104—— The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. I yield an additional 15 seconds to the gentleman. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06DE7.019 H06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9678 December 6, 2017 
Mr. KING of Iowa. I support also the section of the judges, but offered an amendment in committee—too many Members weren’t there; at least 10 Re-publicans were gone—to protect con-gressional Members of Congress in the same way as the judges. We didn’t have that opportunity to actually have a hearing on it in the committee—a le-gitimate one—and we didn’t have an opportunity to bring that amendment to the floor, so I have this apprehen-sion. Mr. Speaker, I urge that we get back to regular order. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, my friend from Iowa, Mr. K
ING, had two amendments that were rejected last night in the Rules Committee. I join him in saying that we need to get back to regular order. Mr. Speaker, would you be so kind as to inform me and my friend from Geor-gia how much time we have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Florida has 11
3⁄4minutes remaining. The gentleman from Geor-gia has 18 minutes remaining. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. J
AYAPAL ), a distin-guished member of the Judiciary Com-mittee. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 38, the Con-cealed Carry Reciprocity Act. Our country is still reeling, Mr. Speaker, from two of the worst mass shootings in modern American history. From the 58 people murdered in Las Vegas to the 25 killed in a Texas church, how can we face the families of these people and say that this bill is the best we could do? Studies show that States with laws permitting concealed carry experience an estimated 13 to 15 percent increase in violent crime than there would have been without the right to carry laws. But we don’t need academic studies, Mr. Speaker, to know that this bill is wrong. We just need to look at real people. One of my constituent’s sisters was shot in Las Vegas and survived. She is one of the lucky ones. They won’t have any empty spots at the holiday table this year because they lost someone to gun violence. Over 14,000 Americans, including parents of nearly 700 chil-dren, are not as fortunate, and my heart goes out to them, especially as we enter the holiday season. Today, we have a critical oppor-tunity to say enough is enough, and I strongly urge my colleagues to stop this heinous bill from moving forward. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. M
ITCHELL ), a fine member whose strong support of this bill is appreciated. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 38, the Con-cealed Carry Reciprocity Act, and the underlying rule. The Second Amend-ment right to bear arms must stand resolute, as should all our constitu-tional rights. This legislation simply affirms the right of law-abiding citi-zens to effectively exercise their right in other States as they do at home. Forty-two States broadly recognize the right of law-abiding citizens to carry concealed handguns, and most States allow some form of concealed carry. State recognition of concealed carry licenses from other States is not uniform or consistent. Those who wish to carry a concealed weapon across State lines are subject to a confusing patchwork of State laws that make it difficult for law-abiding citizens to travel with a firearm without fear of prosecution. Mr. Speaker, contrary to what critics would have you believe, this legislation does not upend State laws or expand access to firearms. States will still have the right and the ability to set specific conditions for residents to con-ceal carry, and individuals from other States must abide by those laws and rules when they carry in other States. This legislation does not lessen limi-tations on gun purchases. If you are prohibited from purchasing a firearm now, they will continue to be prohib-ited from purchasing a firearm if this bill is passed. If you can’t legally own or carry a firearm today, this legislation will not allow you to do so after it is passed. This legislation is about respecting our Constitution. Our other constitu-tional rights, like free speech, do not expire when you cross State lines. They are not restricted by State lines. So why should we also allow the Sec-ond Amendment to be limited by State lines? Indeed, the core of the Second Amendment is self-defense, and the ability to carry a firearm outside your home is a critical component of that constitutional right. That is why 24 State attorney generals, including Michigan’s attorney general, Bill Schuette, submitted letters supporting this legislation. They know, like I do, that this legislation is common sense. It prioritizes the rights of law-abiding citizens to conceal carry and the abil-ity to travel freely from State to State without worrying about conflicting State laws and prosecution. Mr. Speaker, each of us are required to take an oath of office here. In that oath, we swear to uphold and defend our Constitution—the Constitution of the United States. That is what this legislation exactly does. It makes sure our exercise of constitutional rights applies throughout the United States. My colleague on the other side of the aisle questions proceeding with this legislation while funding for the Fed-eral Government hangs in the balance in the next 72 hours. I agree. We must keep the lights on. We are all respon-sible for keeping the lights on. It isn’t as if it is one side of the aisle or the other, and in the past, it has been a bi-partisan agreement to do so. Suddenly, the other side of the aisle says: If we don’t get exactly what we want on terms we have, including on DACA, we will take it to the precipice. A solution on DACA is there if my colleagues wish to take it. At this point, so far, they haven’t. But there are some things that aren’t malleable. There is right and there is wrong in this. I suggest we solve it in the next 72 hours and we keep the lights on because we are all equally re-sponsible for that. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gen-tleman from Oregon (Mr. BLU-
MENAUER ), my good friend, who is a member of the Ways and Means Com-mittee. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, why should the United States of Amer-ica be the only rich country in the world that cannot protect our families from gun violence? It doesn’t have to be this way. In fact, there are a number of States that have enacted gun safety protections. And in those States that have done so, there are fewer gun deaths and there are fewer gun injuries. My State of Oregon is one of those that has enacted them, in part, because of votes of the people, not politicians. This proposal would strip away protec-tions of Oregonians because there are 12 States that, basically, if you are 21 and have a pulse, you can carry a fire-arm. Others have much less-restrictive proposals. This eliminates the ability of States to protect its own citizens. It is shame-ful. It is wrong. Someday, Congress will come to its senses and enact reasonable gun safety legislation for the country. But until we do, for heaven’s sake, don’t punish States that have accepted their respon-sibility to protect their families. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. F
ERGUSON ). Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 38, the Con-cealed Carry Reciprocity Act. As a lifelong gun owner and staunch advocate for protecting our Second Amendment rights, I am proud to co-sponsor this legislation. H.R. 38 would protect law-abiding gun owners with concealed carry per-mits, like the single mother, Shaneen Allen, from Pennsylvania. Many of you have heard this story. I know the au-thor of this bill, Mr. H
UDSON , has told this story many times, where Miss Allen was arrested in New Jersey dur-ing a routine traffic stop because her valid Pennsylvania concealed carry li-cense had no legal standing in New Jer-sey. Our constitutionally protected Sec-ond Amendment rights should not stop at a State line. This commonsense bill would ensure that concealed carry per-mit holders’ rights to carry firearms across all State lines will exist. The legislation would allow Georgia’s 600,000-plus concealed carry permit holders to remain protected while trav-eling. The bill would also incentivize 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06DE7.020 H06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9679 December 6, 2017 
States to report individuals prohibited from owning guns to the FBI’s Na-tional Instant Criminal Background Check System, better knows as NICS, and it gives States the resources they need to follow this law. This would not put an additional bur-den on law-abiding gun owners or make it more difficult for them to purchase or carry a firearm. It simply ensures that agencies and bureaucrats are fol-lowing the existing laws. I appreciate Mr. H
UDSON ’s hard work to advance this commonsense legisla-tion to protect Americans’ constitu-tional rights, and I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this rule and the bill. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gen-tleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
RICE), my good friend. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, the bill before us creates a dangerous race to the bottom, forcing States to accept concealed carry per-mits from all other States, regardless of their training standards, their back-ground check system, or their safety requirements. Make no mistake, this bill would make it easier to cross State lines with hidden, loaded weapons, threatening local communities by making it harder for law enforcement to determine who is lawfully caring a firearm. No wonder sheriffs, police chiefs, and other law enforcement agencies oppose this bill. What a shame it is that, after the terrible mass shootings in Las Vegas and Texas, the first gun-related bill this House considers would actually make it easier for dangerous people to carry concealed weapons in more places. Mr. Speaker, these tragedies aren’t inevitable. They are the result of pol-icy choices. We could be working to-gether to enact commonsense measures to respond to the gun violence epi-demic facing our country. But as long as Republicans are beholden to NRA extremism, these proposals, I am afraid, will fall on deaf ears. I urge my colleagues to reject this shameful proposal and to work, in-stead, to address the root causes of gun violence in this country. b1315 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
LLEN ). Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding time to me. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to support H.R. 38, the Con-cealed Carry Reciprocity Act. Since I was elected to Congress in 2014, I have been devoted to preserving the constitutional rights of Americans, including the inalienable right to bear arms. Despite our Second Amendment pro-tections, many States have laws re-stricting the ability of citizens to carry concealed weapons, principally out-of- State residents. This is particularly confusing and burdensome for law-abid-ing citizens who choose to conceal carry and live near a State line. For example, the district I represent borders South Carolina along the Sa-vannah River. For many of my con-stituents, the closest grocery store, bank, and even their work may be in South Carolina. Thankfully for my constituents, Georgia and South Caro-lina already have firearm permit reci-procity. But this is not the case everywhere. As the law currently stands, Americans in other States are losing their right to bear arms on a daily basis simply be-cause they live near a State line. Just as your First Amendment right to free speech does not change from one State to another, neither should your right to protect yourself and your family. Mr. Speaker, I hope my colleagues will see this and will join me in voting for this commonsense legislation to solve this problem. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ). Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise as the co-chair of the Law Enforcement Caucus in the Congress of the United States. This bill is terrible. The Con-cealed Carry Reciprocity Act should not be voted on. As a may-issue State, New Jersey al-lows local law enforcement the discre-tion on issuing concealed carry per-mits. In order to receive a permit, ap-plicants must demonstrate an urgent need to carry a concealed weapon and pass a safety course on par with fire-arms training required of police offi-cers. H.R. 38 would undermine the good regulations New Jersey has in place by forcing New Jersey and other States to recognize the concealed carry stand-ards from every other State, even if their regulations are weak or non-existent. Allowing States with the weakest concealed carry requirements to set the national standard creates a race to the bottom. Aside from the outrageous fact that House Republicans are push-ing a bill to weaken States’ rights, this bill makes it harder for local law en-forcement to do their jobs. This bill does not establish a process for officers to easily verify that some-one is carrying lawfully, because offi-cers would be essentially required to know the permitting standards of every State, a heavy and unnecessary burden, Mr. Speaker. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield such time as she may con-sume to the gentlewoman from Wyo-ming (Ms. C
HENEY ). Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the rule for consideration of H.R. 38 and the underlying bill, the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act. The Second Amendment to the United States Constitution, Mr. Speak-er, protects the individual rights of American citizens to keep and bear arms. This is a fundamental right to our great Republic. In Wyoming, Mr. Speaker, we know that this is a God-given right enshrined in our Constitution, which is why Wyo-ming is a constitutional carry State. Wyoming is not alone in this Constitu-tion-based conviction. Across the country, Mr. Speaker, 42 States broadly recognize the right of law-abiding citizens to carry concealed handguns. Further, all 50 States allow some form of concealed carry. Many States, but not all, Mr. Speaker, al-ready recognize the gun laws of other States. However, Mr. Speaker, those trav-eling through or living on the border of a State that does not recognize their home State’s laws could have their gun rights stripped when they cross State lines. That is wrong, Mr. Speaker. This puts otherwise law-abiding citi-zens in a situation where they may be criminally liable for simply carrying out their constitutional right to keep and bear arms. The constitutional rights of United States citizens should not change or end at State lines, Mr. Speaker. The Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act en-sures the rights of law-abiding citizens to travel across State lines without worrying about the conflicting patch-work of State concealed carry laws or regulations. This bill is crucial to protecting our constitutional rights. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to sup-port this rule and the underlying bill. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Massa-chusetts (Mr. MOULTON ). Mr. MOULTON. Mr. Speaker, 26: that is how many people were gunned down in a Texas church. Fifty-nine: that is how many were murdered at a concert in Las Vegas. And 489: that is how many law-abiding Americans were in-jured in that same attack. Mr. Speaker, it has been weeks after those shootings, and we haven’t taken a single action in the United States Congress to stop the gun violence epi-demic plaguing America. Instead, Republican leadership is pushing a bill with blood money from the NRA that will create a race to the bottom where States with the weakest concealed carry requirements will re-write the laws for everyone else. Meanwhile, we all know there are bi-partisan bills that will reduce gun deaths, including my bill to ban bump stocks. Those bills have been denied a vote. Mr. Speaker, we have lived through too many massacres. At this rate, I guarantee we will live through more. Let’s stop this nonsense and work to-gether on commonsense solutions the majority of Americans want. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
ANGEVIN ), my good friend Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 38, which unconscionably combines a needed re-form to improve background checks 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06DE7.022 H06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9680 December 6, 2017 
with a wholesale abandonment of san-ity with respect to gun permitting. The Fix NICS Act would improve no-tifications about criminal activity for background checks, which I strongly support. A system, by the way, that tragically failed prior to the Suther-land Springs shooting. Unfortunately, this reform is tied to the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act, which would endanger millions of Americans and undermine well-estab-lished State laws with respect to con-cealed carry. My home State of Rhode Island has strong, sensible procedures for getting a concealed carry permit. In Rhode Is-land, you must be at least 21 years old, trained in gun safety, and must have just cause to carry a concealed weapon. Domestic abusers are not eligible. H.R. 38 would override these com-monsense laws, putting our residents at risk. It would allow anyone denied a permit in Rhode Island to permit shop in States with weaker laws, and it would allow residents of States with weaker requirements to carry freely in our neighborhoods. Mr. Speaker, gun violence is an epi-demic in this country. We should not be taking steps to put more guns on our streets. I urge my colleagues to heed the warnings of law enforcement officers and reject this dangerous bill. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Colo-rado (Mr. P
ERLMUTTER ). Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I can’t think of a more breathtaking dis-play of nerve or brass than what the Republican majority is doing with this bill. After the tragedies we have suffered in Las Vegas and in Orlando, in Aurora, Colorado, that I represent, to race to the bottom to have the easiest laws— and no offense to Georgia, but Georgia has no business and no right to tell Colorado what its laws concerning the health, safety, and welfare of Colo-radans should be under the 10th Amendment. Instead of taking up real legislation on assault weapons or bump stocks that make those assault weapons ma-chine guns that mowed down all those people in Las Vegas, we are saying: No. Whatever State has the weakest, most lax gun laws, then that State is going to control all the other States. That is wrong, that is unconstitutional, and this bill should be rejected right here and right now. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I am going to offer an amendment to the rule to bring up H.R. 3440, the Dream Act. Mr. Speaker, a group of 34 of my Re-publican colleagues sent a letter this week to Speaker R
YAN urging a vote before the year’s end on legislation that would protect DACA recipients. I include in the R
ECORD that letter. CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , Washington, DC, December 5, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARSPEAKER RYAN: We write in support of passing of a permanent legislative solu-tion for Deferred Action for Childhood Arriv-als (DACA) recipients before the end of the year. DACA recipients—young people brought to America through no fault of their own—are contributing members of our com-munities and our economy. For many, this is the only country they have ever known. They are American in every way except their immigration status. Since DACA’s inception, the federal gov-ernment has approved approximately 795,000 initial DACA applications and 924,000 renew-als. Since being approved for DACA status, an overwhelming majority of these individ-uals have enrolled in school, found employ-ment, or have served in the military. Studies have shown that passing legislation to per-manently protect these individuals would add hundreds of billions to our country’s gross domestic product (GDP). That is why the business community, universities, and civic leaders alike support a permanent leg-islative solution. We agree with President Trump that exec-utive action was not the appropriate process for solving this issue, as was done under the previous administration, and we believe Con-gress should act. We are compelled to act im-mediately because many DACA recipients are about to lose or have already lost their permits in the wake of the program’s rescis-sion. Not acting is creating understandable uncertainty and anxiety amongst immigrant communities. While we firmly believe Congress must work to address other issues within our bro-ken immigration system, it is imperative that Republicans and Democrats come to-gether to solve this problem now and not wait until next year. We all agree that our border must be enforced, our national secu-rity defended, and our broken immigration system reformed, but in this moment, we must address the urgent matter before us in a balanced approach that does not harm val-uable sectors of our economy nor the lives of these hard-working young people. We must pass legislation that protects DACA recipi-ents from deportation and gives them the op-portunity to apply for a more secured status in our country as soon as possible. Reaching across the aisle to protect DACA recipients before the holidays is the right thing to do. Sincerely, Scott Taylor; Dan Newhouse; Mia Love; Mark Amodei; David G. Valadao; Dave Reichert; Brian Fitzpatrick; Mike Coff-man; Charlie Dent; Frank A. LoBiondo; Peter T. King; Carlos Curbelo; Ileana Ros-Lehtinen; Ryan A. Costello; Fred Upton; Jeff Denham; Rodney Davis; John J. Faso; John Katko; Chris Stew-art; Susan W. Brooks; Adam Kinzinger; GT Thompson; Mike Simpson; Mimi Walters; Leonard Lance; Pat Meehan; Elise Stefanik; Tom MacArthur; Chris Smith; Jenniffer Gonza´lez-Colo´n; Joe Barton; Will Hurd; Bruce Poliquin. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my amendment in the R
ECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous ques-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Ari-zona (Mr. GRIJALVA ) to discuss our pro-posal. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I thank my esteemed colleague for yielding time to me. Mr. Speaker, each day that Congress delays action on the Dream Act, 122 people lose their temporary protected status granted by DACA. Since the Trump September 5 an-nouncement, 11,182 young people have lost their DACA status and face the daily threat of being detained and de-ported. Time and time again, House Demo-crats have pleaded to Republicans and their leadership the urgency of finding a legislative solution that would per-manently protect DREAMers. We have pleaded and explained the economic benefit, $23 billion yearly contributed by DREAMers to the GDP of this Na-tion. We have pleaded with the Republican leadership to bring a Dream Act to the House floor that is just and fair with-out the trappings of xenophobia, divi-sion, or hate. We have pleaded that the DREAMers have not committed a crime. It was not an act of volition on their part as chil-dren. We must move beyond the political calculations about race, us-versus- them divisions in this country, and scapegoating. The House has an opportunity and the authority to vote on a clean Dream Act and embrace the shared values and humanity of this Nation, while reject-ing the politically manufactured hysteria. Mr. Speaker, I ask a ‘‘no’’ vote on the previous question so that H.R. 3440, the Dream Act, can come to the House floor. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I have watched this year as members of the Republican ma-jority have worked diligently to repeal the Affordable Care Act, which would have been a failure for the American people but great for special interests. I have watched members of the Re-publican majority work relentlessly to push a tax scam bill through this body that will certainly be a failure for the American people but great for cor-porate America and the ultrawealthy. I have watched members of the Re-publican majority here today and yes-terday in the Rules Committee cham-pion a bill that will be a failure for the American people, especially survivors of domestic violence, but great for the powerful corporate gun lobby and gun manufacturers. I sense a theme for my friends across the aisle, and it is a shameful one. Mr. Speaker, our country faces a gun violence epidemic, and we here in Con-gress should be doing all that we can to put it to an end. The opportunity to pass a bipartisan measure to strengthen our background 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06DE7.024 H06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9681 December 6, 2017 
check system has presented itself, but apparently the majority, without hear-ings, would rather drown bipartisan-ship in the dirty waters of the cor-porate gun lobby and gun manufactur-ers. I have said it before, and I will say it again here today: Those who stand in the way of legislation that will address our country’s gun violence epidemic are increasingly culpable for its need-less continuation. That is why I dubbed and gave the acronym GOP, ‘‘Guns Over People,’’ but I guess I should have used the acronym ‘‘Good Old Puppets’’ of the gun lobby and gun manufactur-ers. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule and underlying bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. b1330 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself the balance of my time. I do appreciate my friend from Florida. We have many lively debates on the floor and many lively debates in the Rules Committee. But if you really want to see things going in really a tone and tenor misspeak on this floor, let’s at least get back to saying there are ideas that we agree with and dis-agree with. There are ideas of actually just tak-ing a constitutional right and being able to apply that in the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act, which is what we are talking about here, regardless of who might find that appealing, what groups or nongroups. That is a con-stitutional right that we are fighting for. But in this regard of saying that pup-pets—the moment that the group who enjoys killing babies says, ‘‘You need to make sure that right is available,’’ then my friends across the aisle are quick to jump to their strings to say, ‘‘Yes, I want to do that.’’ When they wanted to have more gov-ernment-controlled healthcare, they also said: Oh, but our insurance compa-nies, we need to have a position for them in which they are taken care of. I guess that was another puppet string, Mr. Speaker. I think the bottom line is, let’s quit, knowing that many of us on both sides have our positions, and we have people who like our positions on both sides, whether they be Democrat or Repub-lican. But one of the reasons that the American people are very frustrated with this body is because the tone and tenor is not on policy, which we can disagree on. It is who controls the other. If we wanted to lay out a laundry list of supporters of the Democratic Party and maybe supporters of the Repub-lican Party and say, that is all that matters, then fine, Mr. Speaker. If we have degenerated to that, then so be it. But shame on us. Whether you want reciprocity or not, good. Argue it. Whether you want to have another thing in our tax reform and you believe tax reform can be done in a different way, argue it. But when we separate out who is a puppet and who is not, then we are also racing to the bottom. We are racing to the bot-tom of the civil discourse that the American people are tired of. Look at the last election. So when I look at this today, Mr. Speaker, I look at a bill—and we have also heard interesting things that have been said, like: Officers will be in trou-ble and possibly can be sued. Look at the language that is put into the bill, a Terry stop, that they could ask, and that they are protected from suit. What they are not protected from is unlawful arrest. Then they will be held liable. Or maybe, it has also been said that we are going to turn all of these concealed carry permit owners, like myself and my friend from Florida, loose on the country and terrible things are going to happen. May I remind us here on the floor that Florida, which has issued nearly 2 million permits, has only revoked 168 due to gun crimes committed by per-mit holders. That is 0.008 percent. The fight that concealed carry permit hold-ers are generally more law-abiding citi-zens than the general public, we can disagree, Mr. Speaker, and that is part of this body. We can come to different conclu-sions. That is the reason we have a de-bate floor. But when we start to try and bring in other things, and who is controlled by whom, then I just simply, Mr. Speaker, ask that the other side cut their strings first. The material previously referred to by Mr. H
ASTINGS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 645 O FFERED BY  M
R. HASTINGS  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 2. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 3440) to authorize the cancellation of removal and adjustment of status of certain individuals who are long- term United States residents and who en-tered the United States as children and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the con-clusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no reso-lution on the bill, then on the next legisla-tive day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. SEC. 3. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 3440. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R-Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06DE7.025 H06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9682 December 6, 2017 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
RAISING A QUESTION OF THE PRIVILEGES OF THE HOUSE Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I rise to a question of privilege of the House and offer the resolution that was previously noticed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the resolution. The Clerk read as follows: 
RESOLUTION  Impeaching Donald John Trump, President of the United States, of high misdemeanors. Resolved, That Donald John Trump, Presi-dent of the United States is unfit to be Presi-dent and is impeached for high mis-demeanors, and that the following articles of impeachment be exhibited to the Senate: Articles of Impeachment exhibited by the House of Representatives of the United States, in the name of itself and of the peo-ple of the United States, against Donald John Trump, President of the United States, in maintenance and support of its impeach-ment against him for high misdemeanors committed as President constituting harm to American society to the manifest injury of the people of the United States: 
ARTICLE I  In his capacity as President of the United States, unmindful of the high duties of his high office and the dignity and proprieties thereof, and of the harmony and courtesies necessary for stability within the society of the United States, Donald John Trump has with his statements done more than insult individuals and groups of Americans, he has harmed the society of the United States, brought shame and dishonor to the office of President of the United States, sowing dis-cord among the people of the United States by associating the majesty and dignity of the presidency with causes rooted in white supremacy, bigotry, racism, anti-Semitism, white nationalism, or neo-Nazism on one or more of the following occasions: On August 15, 2017, Donald John Trump made a widely published statement charac-terizing a group of anti-Semites, bigots, rac-ists, white nationalists, and Ku Klux Klans-men who rallied in Charlottesville, Virginia, as ‘‘very fine people’’. On August 7, 2017, hate groups returned to Charlottesville, Virginia, at the statue of Robert E. Lee, the Confederate general, chanting ‘‘You will not replace us!’’ Since this event on October 7, the President has made many widely published statements about many things including, the National Football League, but has not made one wide-ly published statement condemning the hate groups for returning to the place where an innocent person lost her life at the hands of hate. On November 29, 2017, Donald John Trump shared 3 videos posted by a leader of a Brit-ish political party considered by many to be an extremist group. The videos purported to show various violent acts committed by Muslims, and were entitled: ‘‘Muslim mi-grant beats up Dutch boy on crutches!’’; ‘‘Muslim Destroys a Statue of Virgin Mary!’’; and ‘‘Islamist mob pushes teenage boy off roof and beats him to death!’’. The clearly inferable intent of the post was to demonstrate the alleged propensity of Mus-lim immigrants to engage in violent acts. Even if the videos showed what they purport to show, in sharing these videos with his 43,800,000 followers on Twitter, Donald John Trump’s dissemination of such material evinces an invidious intent to create division within American society. In all of this, the aforementioned Donald John Trump, by his statements, unmindful of the high duties of his high office and the dignities and proprieties thereof, and of the harmony, respect, and courtesies necessary for stability within the society of the United States, has undermined the integrity of his office, has sown discord among the people of the United States, has brought disrepute, contempt, ridicule and disgrace on the Presi-dency, has acted in a manner antithetical to the cause of a just society, has betrayed his trust as President to the manifest injury of the people of the United States, and com-mitted a high misdemeanor in office. Therefore, Donald John Trump by causing such harm to the society of the United States is unfit to be President and warrants impeachment, trial, and removal from office. ARTICLE II  In his capacity as President of the United States, unmindful of the high duties of his high office, of the dignity and proprieties thereof, and of the harmony, and respect necessary for stability within the society of the United States, Donald John Trump has with his statements done more than simply insult individuals and groups of Americans, he has harmed the American society by pub-licly casting contempt on individuals and groups, inciting hate and hostility, sowing discord among the people of the United States, on the basis of race, national origin, religion, gender and sexual orientation, on one or more of the following occasions: On January 27, 2017, Donald John Trump issued Executive Order 13769 providing for a partial shutdown of immigration from main-ly Muslim countries, to fulfill a campaign promise that read as follows: ‘‘DONALD J. TRUMP STATEMENT ON PREVENTING MUSLIM IMMIGRATION (New York, NY) December 7th, 2015—Donald J. Trump is call-ing for a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country’s representatives can figure out what’s going on’’, thereby casting contempt upon Muslims, inciting hate and hostility, and sowing discord among the people of the United States on the basis of religion. On July 26, 2017, Donald John Trump made a public statement substantially as follows: ‘‘After consultation with my Generals and military experts, please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow Transgender individuals to serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military. Our mili-tary must be focused on decisive and over-whelming victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and dis-ruption that transgender in the military would entail’’, and thereby casting contempt on transgender individuals, inciting hate and hostility, and sowing discord among the peo-ple of the United States on the basis of gen-der. On September 23, 2017, Donald John Trump made a public statement substantially as follows: ‘‘Wouldn’t you love to see one of these NFL owners, when somebody dis-respects our flag, to say, ‘Get that son of a B–I–T–C–H off the field right now, out, he’s fired? He’s fired!’’’ thereby casting contempt on professional football players who engaged in constitutionally protected protests per-taining to allegations of police misconduct with regard to racial minorities, as well as casting contempt on the professional play-ers’ mothers by calling the mothers ‘‘B–I–T– C–H–E–S’’, effectively calling these mothers dogs, thereby inciting hate and hostility, and sowing discord among the people of the United States on the basis of race and gen-der. On September 30, 2017, Donald John Trump made a public statement substantially as follows: ‘‘They want everything to be done for them when it should be a community ef-fort’’, in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria thereby casting contempt on Puerto Rican citizens of the United States, inciting hate and hostility, and sowing discord among the people of the United States based on na-tional origin and race. On October 3, 2017, Donald John Trump made a public statement substantially as follows: ‘‘I hate to tell you, Puerto Rico, but you’ve thrown our budget a little out of whack because we spent a lot of money on Puerto Rico, that’s fine, we’ve saved a lot of lives’’, but Donald John Trump did not make similar comments about Texas or Florida in the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey or Hurri-cane Irma, treating the Puerto Rican citi-zens of the United States disparately, there-by casting contempt on Puerto Ricans, incit-ing hate and hostility, and sowing discord among the people of the United States based on national origin and race. On October 19, 2017, Donald John Trump made a public statement substantially as follows: ‘‘The Fake News is going crazy with wacky Congresswoman Wilson (D), who was SECRETLY on a very personal call, and gave a total lie on content!’’, thereby casting con-tempt on an African-American Member of Congress, inciting hate and hostility, and sowing discord among the people of the United States based on gender and race. On October 21, 2017, Donald John Trump made a public statement substantially as follows: ‘‘I hope the Fake News Media keeps talking about Wacky Congresswoman Wilson in that she, as a representative, is killing the Democrat Party!’’ thereby casting contempt on an African-American female Member of Congress, inciting hate and hostility, and sowing discord among the people of the United States based on gender and race. On October 22, 2017, Donald John Trump made a public statement substantially as follows: ‘‘Wacky Congresswoman Wilson is the gift that keeps on giving for the Repub-lican Party, a disaster for Dems. You watch her in action & vote R!’’ thereby casting con-tempt on an African-American female Mem-ber of Congress inciting hate and hostility, and sowing discord among the people of the United States based on gender and race. In all of this, the aforementioned Donald John Trump has, by his statements, brought the high office of President of the United States in contempt, ridicule, disgrace and disrepute, has sown discord among the peo-ple of the United States, has demonstrated that he is unfit to be President and has be-trayed his trust as President of the United States to the manifest injury of the people of the United States, and has committed a high misdemeanor in office. Therefore, Donald John Trump, by causing such harm to the society of the United States, is unfit to be President, warrants im-peachment, trial, and removal from office. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The res-olution qualifies. 
MOTION TO TABLE  
Mr. M CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I move to lay the resolution on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:18 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06DE7.028 H06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9683 December 6, 2017 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on laying the resolution on the table will be followed by 5- minute votes on: Ordering the previous question on House Resolution 645; Adopting House Resolution 645, if or-dered; and Suspending the rules and passing S. 1266. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 364, nays 58, answered ‘‘present’’ 4, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 658] YEAS—364 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Cleaver Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Eshoo Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawson (FL) Levin Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McEachin McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Panetta Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—58 
Adams Barraga´n Bass Beatty Brady (PA) Capuano Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Davis, Danny DeSaulnier Doggett Ellison Engel Espaillat Evans Frankel (FL) Fudge Gomez Green, Al Grijalva Hastings Higgins (NY) Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Kelly (IL) Lawrence Lee Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted McCollum McGovern McNerney Moore Moulton Napolitano Norcross Pallone Pascrell Pingree Polis Raskin Richmond Rush Schakowsky Sherman Slaughter Thompson (MS) Titus Vargas Vela Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—4 
Castro (TX) Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Veasey 
NOT VOTING—6 
Bridenstine Brownley (CA) Gutie´rrez Kennedy Payne Pocan 
b1409 Mses. M
CCOLLUM and SCHA-KOWSKY changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. SCALISE changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ Ms. SEWELL of Alabama changed her vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘present.’’ Ms. SHEA-PORTER changed her voted from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘present.’’ So the motion to table was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 38, CONCEALED CARRY RECIPROCITY ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 645) providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 38) to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide a means by which nonresidents of a State whose residents may carry con-cealed firearms may also do so in the State, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 236, nays 189, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 659] YEAS—236 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06DE7.029 H06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9684 December 6, 2017 
Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—189 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—7 
Bridenstine Brownley (CA) Chu, Judy Gutie´rrez Kennedy Payne Pocan 
b1416 So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 232, noes 194, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 660] AYES—232 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—194 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Biggs Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gohmert Gomez Gosar Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Pingree Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—6 
Bridenstine Brownley (CA) Chu, Judy Gutie´rrez Kennedy Pocan 
b1424 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ENHANCING VETERAN CARE ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished is the vote on the motion to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE7.007 H06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9685 December 6, 2017 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1266) to authorize the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to enter into contracts with nonprofit organizations to inves-tigate medical centers of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 423, nays 0, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 661] YEAS—423 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—9 
Blum Bridenstine Brownley (CA) Chu, Judy DeGette Gutie´rrez Jayapal Kennedy Pocan 
b1435 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 3524 Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that my name be re-moved as a cosponsor of H.R. 3524. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? There was no objection. f 
CONCEALED CARRY RECIPROCITY ACT OF 2017 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, pur-suant to House Resolution 645, I call up the bill (H.R. 38) to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide a means by which nonresidents of a State whose residents may carry concealed firearms may also do so in the State, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 645, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute recommended by the Com-mittee on the Judiciary printed in the bill, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–45 is adopt-ed, and the bill, as amended, is consid-ered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 38 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act of 2017’’. TITLE I—CONCEALED CARRY RECIPROCITY ACT OF 2017 
SEC. 101. RECIPROCITY FOR THE CARRYING OF CERTAIN CONCEALED FIREARMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 926C the following: ‘‘§ 926D. Reciprocity for the carrying of cer-tain concealed firearms ‘‘(a) Notwithstanding any provision of the law of any State or political subdivision thereof (except as provided in subsection (b)) and sub-ject only to the requirements of this section, a person who is not prohibited by Federal law from possessing, transporting, shipping, or re-ceiving a firearm, who is carrying a valid identi-fication document containing a photograph of the person, and who is carrying a valid license or permit which is issued pursuant to the law of a State and which permits the person to carry a concealed firearm or is entitled to carry a con-cealed firearm in the State in which the person resides, may possess or carry a concealed hand-gun (other than a machinegun or destructive device) that has been shipped or transported in interstate or foreign commerce, in any State that— ‘‘(1) has a statute under which residents of the State may apply for a license or permit to carry a concealed firearm; or ‘‘(2) does not prohibit the carrying of con-cealed firearms by residents of the State for law-ful purposes. ‘‘(b) This section shall not be construed to su-persede or limit the laws of any State that— ‘‘(1) permit private persons or entities to pro-hibit or restrict the possession of concealed fire-arms on their property; or ‘‘(2) prohibit or restrict the possession of fire-arms on any State or local government property, installation, building, base, or park. ‘‘(c)(1) A person who carries or possesses a concealed handgun in accordance with sub-sections (a) and (b) may not be arrested or oth-erwise detained for violation of any law or any rule or regulation of a State or any political subdivision thereof related to the possession, transportation, or carrying of firearms unless there is probable cause to believe that the person 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K06DE7.035 H06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9686 December 6, 2017 
is doing so in a manner not provided for by this section. Presentation of facially valid documents as specified in subsection (a) is prima facie evi-dence that the individual has a license or permit as required by this section. ‘‘(2) When a person asserts this section as a defense in a criminal proceeding, the prosecu-tion shall bear the burden of proving, beyond a reasonable doubt, that the conduct of the person did not satisfy the conditions set forth in sub-sections (a) and (b). ‘‘(3) When a person successfully asserts this section as a defense in a criminal proceeding, the court shall award the prevailing defendant a reasonable attorney’s fee. ‘‘(d)(1) A person who is deprived of any right, privilege, or immunity secured by this section, under color of any statute, ordinance, regula-tion, custom, or usage of any State or any polit-ical subdivision thereof, may bring an action in any appropriate court against any other person, including a State or political subdivision there-of, who causes the person to be subject to the deprivation, for damages or other appropriate relief. ‘‘(2) The court shall award a plaintiff pre-vailing in an action brought under paragraph (1) damages and such other relief as the court deems appropriate, including a reasonable attor-ney’s fee. ‘‘(e) In subsection (a): ‘‘(1) The term ‘identification document’ means a document made or issued by or under the au-thority of the United States Government, a State, or a political subdivision of a State which, when completed with information con-cerning a particular individual, is of a type in-tended or commonly accepted for the purpose of identification of individuals. ‘‘(2) The term ‘handgun’ includes any maga-zine for use in a handgun and any ammunition loaded into the handgun or its magazine. ‘‘(f)(1) A person who possesses or carries a concealed handgun under subsection (a) shall not be subject to the prohibitions of section 922(q) with respect to that handgun. ‘‘(2) A person possessing or carrying a con-cealed handgun in a State under subsection (a) may do so in any of the following areas in the State that are open to the public: ‘‘(A) A unit of the National Park System. ‘‘(B) A unit of the National Wildlife Refuge System. ‘‘(C) Public land under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management. ‘‘(D) Land administered and managed by the Army Corps of Engineers. ‘‘(E) Land administered and managed by the Bureau of Reclamation. ‘‘(F) Land administered and managed by the Forest Service.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions for such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 926C the fol-lowing: ‘‘926D. Reciprocity for the carrying of certain concealed firearms.’’. (c) S
EVERABILITY .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this title, if any provision of this section, or any amendment made by this section, or the application of such provision or amendment to any person or circumstance is held to be unconstitutional, this section and amendments made by this section and the appli-cation of such provision or amendment to other persons or circumstances shall not be affected thereby. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 102. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this title prohibits a law enforce-ment officer with reasonable suspicion of a vio-lation of any law from conducting a brief inves-tigative stop in accordance with the Constitu-tion of the United States. SEC. 103. CERTAIN OFF-DUTY LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICERS AND RETIRED LAW EN-FORCEMENT OFFICERS ALLOWED TO CARRY A CONCEALED FIREARM, AND DISCHARGE A FIREARM, IN A SCHOOL ZONE. 
Section 922(q) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)(B)— (A) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of clause (vi); and (B) by redesignating clause (vii) as clause (ix) and inserting after clause (vi) the following: ‘‘(vii) by an off-duty law enforcement officer who is a qualified law enforcement officer (as defined in section 926B) and is authorized under such section to carry a concealed firearm, if the firearm is concealed; ‘‘(viii) by a qualified retired law enforcement officer (as defined in section 926C) who is au-thorized under such section to carry a concealed firearm, if the firearm is concealed; or’’; and (2) in paragraph (3)(B)— (A) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of clause (iii); (B) by striking the period at the end of clause (iv) and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) by an off-duty law enforcement officer who is a qualified law enforcement officer (as defined in section 926B) and is authorized under such section to carry a concealed firearm; or ‘‘(vi) by a qualified retired law enforcement officer (as defined in section 926C) who is au-thorized under such section to carry a concealed firearm.’’. 
SEC. 104. INTERSTATE CARRYING OF FIREARMS BY FEDERAL JUDGES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code, as amended by section 101(a) of this Act, is amended by inserting after section 926D the following: ‘‘§ 926E. Interstate carrying of firearms by Federal judges ‘‘Notwithstanding any provision of the law of any State or political subdivision thereof, a Fed-eral judge may carry a concealed firearm in any State if such judge is not prohibited by Federal law from receiving a firearm.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions for such chapter, as amended by section 101(b) of this Act, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 926D the following: ‘‘926E. Interstate carrying of firearms by Fed-eral judges.’’. TITLE II—FIX NICS ACT 
SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Fix NICS Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 202. ACCOUNTABILITY FOR FEDERAL DE-PARTMENTS AND AGENCIES. 
Section 103 of the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act (34 U.S.C. 40901) is amended— (1) in subsection (e)(1), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) S
EMIANNUAL CERTIFICATION AND REPORT -
ING.— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The head of each Federal department or agency shall submit a semiannual written certification to the Attorney General in-dicating whether the department or agency is in compliance with the record submission require-ments under subparagraph (C). ‘‘(ii) S
UBMISSION DATES .—The head of a Fed-eral department or agency shall submit a certifi-cation to the Attorney General under clause (i)— ‘‘(I) not later than July 31 of each year, which shall address all relevant records, including those that have not been transmitted to the At-torney General, in possession of the department or agency during the period beginning on Janu-ary 1 of the year and ending on June 30 of the year; and ‘‘(II) not later than January 31 of each year, which shall address all relevant records, includ-ing those that have not been transmitted to the Attorney General, in possession of the depart-ment or agency during the period beginning on July 1 of the previous year and ending on De-cember 31 of the previous year. ‘‘(iii) CONTENTS .—A certification required under clause (i) shall state, for the applicable period— ‘‘(I) the total number of records of the Federal department or agency demonstrating that a per-son falls within one of the categories described in subsection (g) or (n) of section 922 of title 18, United States Code; ‘‘(II) for each category of records described in subclause (I), the total number of records of the Federal department or agency that have been provided to the Attorney General; and ‘‘(III) the efforts of the Federal department or agency to ensure complete and accurate report-ing of relevant records, including efforts to mon-itor compliance and correct any reporting fail-ures or inaccuracies. ‘‘(G) I
MPLEMENTATION PLAN .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subparagraph, the head of each Federal department or agency, in coordination with the Attorney General, shall establish a plan to ensure maximum coordina-tion and automated reporting or making avail-able of records to the Attorney General as re-quired under subparagraph (C), and the verification of the accuracy of those records, in-cluding the pre-validation of those records, where appropriate, during a 4-year period speci-fied in the plan. The head of each Federal de-partment or agency shall update the plan bien-nially, to the extent necessary, based on the most recent biennial assessment under subpara-graph (K). The records shall be limited to those of an individual described in subsection (g) or (n) of section 922 of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(ii) B
ENCHMARK REQUIREMENTS .—Each plan established under clause (i) shall include an-nual benchmarks to enable the Attorney Gen-eral to assess implementation of the plan, in-cluding— ‘‘(I) qualitative goals and quantitative meas-ures; ‘‘(II) measures to monitor internal compliance, including any reporting failures and inaccura-cies; ‘‘(III) a needs assessment, including estimated compliance costs; and ‘‘(IV) an estimated date by which the Federal department or agency will fully comply with record submission requirements under subpara-graph (C). ‘‘(iii) C
OMPLIANCE DETERMINATION .—Not later than the end of each fiscal year beginning after the date of the establishment of a plan under clause (i), the Attorney General shall determine whether the applicable Federal department or agency has achieved substantial compliance with the benchmarks included in the plan. ‘‘(H) A
CCOUNTABILITY .—The Attorney General shall publish, including on the website of the Department of Justice, and submit to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives a semiannual report that discloses— ‘‘(i) the name of each Federal department or agency that has failed to submit a required cer-tification under subparagraph (F); ‘‘(ii) the name of each Federal department or agency that has submitted a required certifi-cation under subparagraph (F), but failed to certify compliance with the record submission requirements under subparagraph (C); ‘‘(iii) the name of each Federal department or agency that has failed to submit an implementa-tion plan under subparagraph (G); ‘‘(iv) the name of each Federal department or agency that is not in substantial compliance with an implementation plan under subpara-graph (G); ‘‘(v) a detailed summary of the data, broken down by department or agency, contained in the certifications submitted under subparagraph (F); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:18 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06DE7.010 H06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9687 December 6, 2017 
‘‘(vi) a detailed summary of the contents and status, broken down by department or agency, of the implementation plans established under subparagraph (G); and ‘‘(vii) the reasons for which the Attorney Gen-eral has determined that a Federal department or agency is not in substantial compliance with an implementation plan established under sub-paragraph (G). ‘‘(I) N
ONCOMPLIANCE PENALTIES .—For each of fiscal years 2019 through 2022, each political ap-pointee of a Federal department or agency that has failed to certify compliance with the record submission requirements under subparagraph (C), and is not in substantial compliance with an implementation plan established under sub-paragraph (G), shall not be eligible for the re-ceipt of bonus pay, excluding overtime pay, until the department or agency— ‘‘(i) certifies compliance with the record sub-mission requirements under subparagraph (C); or ‘‘(ii) achieves substantial compliance with an implementation plan established under subpara-graph (G). ‘‘(J) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Attorney General may use funds made available for the national instant criminal background check sys-tem established under subsection (b) to provide technical assistance to a Federal department or agency, at the request of the department or agency, in order to help the department or agen-cy comply with the record submission require-ments under subparagraph (C). ‘‘(K) B
IENNIAL ASSESSMENT .—Every 2 years, the Attorney General shall assess the extent to which the actions taken under the title II of the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act of 2017 have resulted in improvements in the system estab-lished under this section. ‘‘(L) A
PPLICATION TO FEDERAL COURTS .—For purposes of this paragraph— ‘‘(i) the terms ‘department or agency of the United States’ and ‘Federal department or agen-cy’ include a Federal court; and ‘‘(ii) the Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts shall perform, for a Federal court, the functions assigned to the head of a department or agency.’’; and (2) in subsection (g), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘For purposes of the preceding sen-tence, not later than 60 days after the date on which the Attorney General receives such infor-mation, the Attorney General shall determine whether or not the prospective transferee is the subject of an erroneous record and remove any records that are determined to be erroneous. In addition to any funds made available under subsection (k), the Attorney General may use such sums as are necessary and otherwise avail-able for the salaries and expenses of the Federal Bureau of Investigation to comply with this sub-section.’’. 
SEC. 203. NICS ACT RECORD IMPROVEMENT PRO-GRAM. 
(a) R EQUIREMENTS TO OBTAIN WAIVER .—Sec- tion 102 of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007(34 U.S.C. 40912) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), in the first sentence— (A) by striking ‘‘the Crime Identification Technology Act of 1988 (42 U.S.C. 14601)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 102 of the Crime Identifica-tion Technology Act of 1998 (34 U.S.C. 40301)’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘is in compliance with an im-plementation plan established under subsection (b) or’’ before ‘‘provides at least 90 percent of the information described in subsection (c)’’; and (2) in subsection (b)(1)(B), by inserting ‘‘or has established an implementation plan under section 107’’ after ‘‘the Attorney General’’. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION ASSISTANCE TO STATES .— Section 103 of the NICS Improvement Amend-ments Act of 2007 (34 U.S.C. 40913) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(3), by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘, including through increased efforts to pre-validate the contents of those records to expedite eligibility determinations’’; (2) in subsection (e), by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) DOMESTIC ABUSE AND VIOLENCE PREVEN -
TION INITIATIVE .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT .—For each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022, the Attorney General shall create a priority area under the NICS Act Record Improvement Program (commonly known as ‘NARIP’) for a Domestic Abuse and Violence Prevention Initiative that emphasizes the need for grantees to identify and upload all felony conviction records and domestic violence records. ‘‘(B) F
UNDING .—The Attorney General— ‘‘(i) may use not more than 50 percent of the amounts made available under section 207 of the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act of 2017 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 to carry out the initiative described in subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(ii) shall give a funding preference under NARIP to States that— ‘‘(I) have established an implementation plan under section 107; and ‘‘(II) will use amounts made available under this subparagraph to improve efforts to identify and upload all felony conviction records and domestic violence records described in clauses (i), (v), and (vi) of section 102(b)(1)(C) by not later than September 30, 2022.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Attorney General shall direct the Office of Justice Pro-grams, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Fire-arms, and Explosives, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation to— ‘‘(1) assist States that are not currently eligi-ble for grants under this section to achieve com-pliance with all eligibility requirements; and ‘‘(2) provide technical assistance and training services to grantees under this section.’’. 
SEC. 204. NATIONAL CRIMINAL HISTORY IM-PROVEMENT PROGRAM. 
(a) S TATE GRANT PROGRAM FOR CRIMINAL JUS-
TICE IDENTIFICATION , INFORMATION , AND COM-
MUNICATION .—Section 102 of the Crime Identi-fication Technology Act of 1998 (34 U.S.C. 40301) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(3)— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (C), (D), and (E) as subparagraphs (D), (E), and (F), re-spectively; and (B) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following: ‘‘(C) identification of all individuals who have been convicted of a crime punishable by impris-onment for a term exceeding 1 year’’; (2) in subsection (b)(6)— (A) by striking ‘‘(18 U.S.C. 922 note)’’ and in-serting ‘‘(34 U.S.C. 40901(b))’’; and (B) by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘, including through in-creased efforts to pre-validate the contents of felony conviction records and domestic violence records to expedite eligibility determinations, and measures and resources necessary to estab-lish and achieve compliance with an implemen-tation plan under section 107 of the NICS Im-provement Amendments Act of 2007’’; and (3) in subsection (d), by inserting after ‘‘un-less’’ the following: ‘‘the State has achieved compliance with an implementation plan under section 107 of the NICS Improvement Amend-ments Act of 2007 or’’. (b) G
RANTS FOR THE IMPROVEMENT OF CRIMI-
NALRECORDS .—Section 106(b)(1) of the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act (34 U.S.C. 40302(1)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (A) by striking ‘‘as of the date of enactment of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘, as of the date of en-actment of the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act of 2017,’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘files,’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘files and that will utilize funding under this subsection to prioritize the identifica-tion and transmittal of felony conviction records and domestic violence records,’’; (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (3) in subparagraph (C)— (A) by striking ‘‘upon establishment of the na-tional system,’’; and (B) by striking the period at the end and in-serting ‘‘; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following— ‘‘(D) to establish and achieve compliance with an implementation plan under section 107 of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007.’’. SEC. 205. IMPROVING INFORMATION SHARING WITH THE STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title I of the NICS Improve-ment Amendments Act of 2007 (34 U.S. 40911 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 107. IMPLEMENTATION PLAN. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act of 2017, the Attorney General, in coordination with the States and Indian tribal governments, shall establish, for each State or Indian tribal government, a plan to ensure max-imum coordination and automation of the re-porting or making available of appropriate records to the National Instant Criminal Back-ground Check System established under section 103 of the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act (34 U.S.C. 40901) and the verification of the accuracy of those records during a 4-year period specified in the plan, and shall update the plan biennially, to the extent necessary, based on the most recent biennial assessment under sub-section (f). The records shall be limited to those of an individual described in subsection (g) or (n) of section 922 of title 18, United States Code ‘‘(b) B
ENCHMARK REQUIREMENTS .—Each plan established under this section shall include an-nual benchmarks to enable the Attorney Gen-eral to assess the implementation of the plan, including— ‘‘(1) qualitative goals and quantitative meas-ures; and ‘‘(2) a needs assessment, including estimated compliance costs. ‘‘(c) C
OMPLIANCE DETERMINATION .—Not later than the end of each fiscal year beginning after the date of the establishment of an implementa-tion plan under this section, the Attorney Gen-eral shall determine whether each State or In-dian tribal government has achieved substantial compliance with the benchmarks included in the plan. ‘‘(d) A
CCOUNTABILITY .—The Attorney Gen-eral— ‘‘(1) shall disclose and publish, including on the website of the Department of Justice— ‘‘(A) the name of each State or Indian tribal government that received a determination of failure to achieve substantial compliance with an implementation plan under subsection (c) for the preceding fiscal year; and ‘‘(B) a description of the reasons for which the Attorney General has determined that the State or Indian tribal government is not in sub-stantial compliance with the implementation plan, including, to the greatest extent possible, a description of the types and amounts of records that have not been submitted; and ‘‘(2) if a State or Indian tribal government de-scribed in paragraph (1) subsequently receives a determination of substantial compliance, shall— ‘‘(A) immediately correct the applicable record; and ‘‘(B) not later than 3 days after the deter-mination, remove the record from the website of the Department of Justice and any other loca-tion where the record was published. ‘‘(e) I
NCENTIVES .—For each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022, the Attorney General shall give affirmative preference to all Bureau of Justice Assistance discretionary grant applications of a State or Indian tribal government that received 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06DE7.010 H06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9688 December 6, 2017 
a determination of substantial compliance under subsection (c) for the fiscal year in which the grant was solicited. ‘‘(f) B
IENNIAL ASSESSMENT .—Every 2 years, the Attorney General shall assess the extent to which the actions taken under title II of the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act of 2017 have resulted in improvements in the National In-stant Criminal Background Check System estab-lished under section 103 of the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act (34 U.S.C. 40903). 
‘‘SEC. 108. NOTIFICATION TO LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES OF PROHIBITED PUR-CHASE OF A FIREARM. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of a back-ground check conducted by the National Instant Criminal Background Check System pursuant to the request of a licensed importer, licensed man-ufacturer, or licensed dealer of firearms (as such terms are defined in section 921 of title 18, United States Code), which background check determines that the receipt of a firearm by a person would violate subsection (g) or (n) of sec-tion 922 of title 18, United States Code, and such determination is made after 3 business days have elapsed since the licensee contacted the System and a firearm has been transferred to that person, the System shall notify the law en-forcement agencies described in subsection (b). ‘‘(b) L
AW ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES DE-
SCRIBED .—The law enforcement agencies de-scribed in this subsection are the law enforce-ment agencies that have jurisdiction over the lo-cation from which the licensee contacted the system and the law enforcement agencies that have jurisdiction over the location of the resi-dence of the person for which the background check was conducted, as follows: ‘‘(1) The field office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ‘‘(2) The local law enforcement agency. ‘‘(3) The State law enforcement agency.’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents in section 1(b) of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–180; 121 Stat. 2559) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 106 the following: ‘‘Sec. 107. Implementation plan. ‘‘Sec. 108. Notification to law enforcement agencies of prohibited purchase of a firearm.’’. 
SEC. 206. ATTORNEY GENERAL REPORT ON USE OF BUMP STOCKS IN CRIME. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Using amounts made avail-able for research, evaluation, or statistical pur-poses, within 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Attorney General shall prepare and submit to the Committee on the Ju-diciary of the House of Representatives and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate a writ-ten report that— (1) specifies the number of instances in which a bump stock has been used in the commission of a crime in the United States; (2) specifies the types of firearms with which a bump stock has been so used; and (3) contains the opinion of the Attorney Gen-eral as to whether subparagraphs (B)(i) and (C)(i) of section 924(c)(1) of title 18, United States Code, apply to all instances in which a bump stock has been used in the commission of a crime of violence in the United States. (b) D
EFINITION OF BUMP STOCK .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘bump stock’’ means a device that— (1) attaches to a semiautomatic rifle (as de-fined in section 921(a)(28) of title 18, United States Code); (2) is designed and intended to repeatedly ac-tivate the trigger without the deliberate and vo-litional act of the user pulling the trigger each time the firearm is fired; and (3) functions by continuous forward pressure applied to the rifle’s fore end in conjunction with a linear forward and backward sliding mo-tion of the mechanism utilizing the recoil energy when the rifle is discharged. SEC. 207. AUTHORIZATIONS OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There is authorized to be appropriated $100,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 to carry out, in accordance with the NICS Act Record Improvement Program and the National Criminal History Improvement Program, the activities under— (1) section 102 of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007; (2) section 103 of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007; (3) section 102 of the Crime Identification Technology Act of 1998; and (4) section 106(b) of the Brady Handgun Vio-lence Prevention Act. (b) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORIZATIONS .—Section 1001(a) of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10261(a)) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘$33,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$31,000,000’’; (B) by striking ‘‘1994 and 1995’’ and inserting ‘‘2018 through 2022’’; and (C) by inserting ‘‘, in addition to any amounts otherwise made available for research, evalua-tion or statistical purposes in a fiscal year’’ be-fore the period; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘$33,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$27,000,000’’; (B) by striking ‘‘1994 and 1995’’ and inserting ‘‘2018 through 2022’’; and (C) by inserting ‘‘, in addition to any amounts otherwise made available for research, evalua-tion or statistical purposes in a fiscal year’’ be-fore the period. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill shall be debatable for 1 hour equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ) each will con-trol 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 38. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 38, the Concealed Carry Reci-procity Act of 2017. Mr. Speaker, throughout my career in elected office, I have believed in and adhered to two fundamental principles regarding firearms policy: first, the right guaranteed to law-abiding Ameri-cans by the Second Amendment must be aggressively protected and pre-served; second, the laws we have on the books need to be enforced to the fullest extent possible. The bipartisan bill be-fore us today does both. H.R. 38 ensures that law-abiding citi-zens’ Second Amendment right does not end when they cross State lines. The bill allows law-abiding gun owners with valid State-issued concealed carry firearm permits or those who live in so- called constitutional carry States to carry a concealed firearm in any other State that also allows concealed carry. We know that citizens who carry a concealed firearm are not only better prepared to act in their own self-de-fense, but also in the defense of others. Take, for instance, an incident that oc-curred just last November on a high-way in Florida. Lee County Sheriff’s Deputy Dean Bardes had just concluded a high-speed chase just off Interstate 75. As Deputy Bardes approached to ap-prehend the suspect, the suspect, Ed-ward Strother, violently attacked Dep-uty Bardes. A witness on the scene told reporters that the attacker ‘‘just started punch-ing him and hitting and hitting and hitting. I was afraid for the police offi-cer. I thought he was going to kill him.’’ Fortunately for Deputy Bardes, Ashad Russell, a Florida concealed carry permit holder, was also watching the attack unfold. Mr. Russell pulled his gun and approached the alterca-tion. He told Strother he would shoot him if he didn’t stop beating the dep-uty. The State Attorney’s Office said Strother ignored Russell’s commands to stop beating the deputy, so Russell fired his gun three times, hitting and fatally wounding the assailant. Lee County Sheriff Mike Scott has hailed Russell as a hero. Importantly, this bill also contains the Fix NICS Act of 2017. This is a bi-partisan and bicameral measure. The Fix NICS Act takes steps to ensure that State and Federal agencies enter all relevant records into the FBI’s Na-tional Instant Criminal Background Check System. This bill will help en-sure people who are legally prohibited from having guns, like those with vio-lent felony convictions, do not obtain them. The shooting at Virginia Tech and the church shootings in Charleston, South Carolina, and Sutherland Springs, Texas, are tragic reminders of what can happen when all relevant records are not entered into the sys-tem. Our NICS system is only as good as the information within it. This impor-tant piece of legislation will ensure that more of the information already required to be uploaded to NICS under current law is actually placed in the NICS system. Taken together, the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act and the Fix NICS Act preserve and protect the right guaran-teed to us by the Second Amendment and ensure that those prohibited by ex-isting law from receiving a firearm are prevented from doing so. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation. I want to thank the lead sponsor, Mr. H
UDSON of North Carolina, for his hard work on this bill. I would also like to thank the authors of the Fix NICS pro-visions, Mr. C
ULBERSON and Mr. C
UELLAR , for their important contribu-tions to the legislation before us today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE7.010 H06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9689 December 6, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposi-tion to the Concealed Carry Reci-procity Act. This bill would not protect us from gun violence, but it would make us far less safe. Under current law, each State makes its own determination about who may carry a concealed firearm in public, in-cluding deciding which other States’ concealed carry permits to recognize. This bill would eviscerate the core pub-lic safety determinations that each State makes concerning the concealed carrying of guns in public based on the unique circumstances of each State and the desires of its citizens. In fact, the standards and requirements adopt-ed in the States vary dramatically: Thirty-one States and D.C. require gun safety training to carry concealed guns in public, and 21 of those States require live-fire training; 27 States and the District of Columbia prohibit indi-viduals convicted of misdemeanor crimes of violence from concealed carry; 28 States and D.C. prohibit con-victed stalkers from carrying con-cealed guns; 34 States and D.C. prohibit those under 21 years of age from car-rying concealed guns. Many States pro-hibit gun possession and concealed carry by abusive dating partners, ex-ceeding Federal protections against abusive spouses. All of these States would have their carefully considered laws governing concealed carry overridden by this bill. The obvious solution to the varying State laws is to continue to do what is currently done by many States, which is to choose which other State permits they will recognize. Some States, in-cluding my State of New York, have chosen not to recognize permits issued by any other State. Most States, how-ever, have chosen to recognize permits from at least some other States, basing the choice on the strength and stand-ards employed by the other States. b1445 We should not disregard these deter-minations, which is what this bill would do. Instead, this bill would say that every State must honor the con-cealed carry permit of every other State. About 10 States don’t have any requirements and issue a concealed carry permit upon request to anyone. What this bill would do, in effect, is to say that if New York or Illinois have strict requirements for concealed carry, if someone comes in from a State that doesn’t, they have to let that person have concealed carry in their State. In effect, it uses the power of the Federal Government to import the laws of one State and make them enforceable in the other State. In addition, I am deeply disappointed that the version of this bill before us today includes the bipartisan Fix NICS Act, a measure that should be enacted as a stand-alone bill without delay, and that was reported as a separate bill by the Judiciary Committee. That bill would take steps to address shortcomings with the National In-stant Criminal Background Check Sys-tem, or what we often call the NICS. As the recent mass shooting at the church in Sutherland Springs, Texas, illustrates, we must do more to ensure all relevant prohibiting records are submitted to the databases that com-prise the NICS. No one should pass a firearm background check that he or she should have failed simply because their record of a felony conviction, or domestic violence record, or some other prohibition under Federal law was not included in the system. There is broad bipartisan support for the Fix NICS bill here in the House and in the Senate. That proposal, which would actually save lives, should not be tethered to the forced concealed carry reciprocity provisions of this bill, which would only serve to endanger our citizens. The answer to our national problem of gun violence is not that we need more people carrying concealed fire-arms on our streets. More than 33,000 Americans lose their lives to gun vio-lence every year, while, in some other countries, this figure barely exceeds 100. In 2011, the United Kingdom had 146 deaths due to gun violence; Den-mark, 71; Portugal, 142; Japan, just 30; the United States, over 30,000. A study in The American Journal of Medicine found that, compared to 22 other high-income countries, the gun- related murder rate in the United States is 25 times higher. The common factor in all of these other countries is the lack of such easy availability of guns. Our country, however, is awash in guns, and we have the shameful death toll to show for it. Sadly, this bill will only increase it. We must change our approach to gun violence and adopt meaningful legisla-tion that strengthens our gun laws in-stead of weakening them; and we must not undermine the efforts of States to defend their citizens against these arms. Unfortunately, the dangers posed by the concealed carry reciprocity portion of this bill greatly outweigh the bene-fits of the NICS improvements; there-fore, I oppose H.R. 38, and urge my col-leagues to reject it today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. H
UDSON ), the lead sponsor of the legislation. Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, let me tell you a story. It is a story about an African-American single mother, two kids, living in south Philly. After twice being the victim of muggings, she de-cides to go out and legally purchase a firearm to protect herself, gets trained with her weapon, and applies for a con-cealed carry permit. Sometime thereafter, she crossed the State line into New Jersey and, at a routine traffic stop, did exactly as she was trained; handed her driver’s license and her concealed carry permit to the police officer and let him know that she had a pistol in her purse. What she didn’t know is that the State of New Jersey doesn’t recognize the concealed carry permits of their neighbor in Pennsylvania. And so this poor single mother, who has never had a brush with the law, spent almost 50 days in jail and was looking at 10 years in prison. Are you serious? We have to make sure that never happens again. The other side today is going to argue that we are violating States’ rights with this legislation; but Article IV, section 1, the full faith and credit clause of the Constitution, says very clearly that every State should give the full faith and credit to the judicial proceedings and documents of every other State, and that Congress has a responsibility to determine how those documents will be recognized. That is why a driver’s license is rec-ognized in every State. That is why, if I get married in North Carolina but I move to Arizona, I am not a single man again. They recognize that marriage. That is why divorce decrees are recog-nized in every State. The concealed carry permit should be recognized the same way. But this is not trampling States’ rights, because States can still deter-mine what can be carried, where it can be carried. They can set any kind of limits they want about how weapons are carried in their municipalities or their States. For example, if you visit the State of New York, they have a limit on the size of a magazine on a pistol. You have got to follow that law. If they want to set restrictions about places where you can’t carry, even with this legislation, that law would have to be followed. The States retain this right, just like a driver’s license. The other side is also going to stand up and claim all kinds of doomsday scenarios about how we are going to in-crease crime; we are going to increase the number of weapons out there; we are going to turn the cities into the Wild West. I find it ironic that we are being lec-tured to by people from big cities with a lot of gun control measures but have some of the worst crime in the Nation. They are worried about people coming from other places where we don’t have crime. I think that is ironic. But the truth is, over half the States already recognize permits from every other State; 19 States, in fact, already do this. States and municipalities, as I mentioned, retain the right to restrict where guns are carried in their commu-nities, even under this legislation. And if you look at the empirical evi-dence, places where you have concealed carry, even constitutional carry, when you instituted this right, violent crime went down. Gun crime went down. You have seen less crime, not more crime. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06DE7.040 H06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9690 December 6, 2017 
There was actually a study done in Florida and Texas, and it showed that off-duty police officers commit crimes more than concealed carry permit holders. Think about that. Police offi-cers don’t commit crimes very often, but even they commit crimes more than concealed carry permit holders. These are not the people we are wor-ried about. These are not the violent criminals that we are worried about in our cities. This is a commonsense measure that upholds our constitutional right. It makes sure that a law-abiding citizen, trying to do the right thing, doesn’t be-come a criminal simply because they cross that line. So for every freedom-loving Amer-ican who exercises their Second Amendment right, today is your day. To the 73 percent of Americans who support concealed carry, today is your day. To the 15 million concealed carry permit holders out there, today is your day. And finally, to the single mothers out there who just want to protect themselves and their families, today is your day. I thank the chairman for his leader-ship on this. I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this common-sense legislation. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE), the ranking member of the Crime, Ter-rorism, Homeland Security, and Inves-tigations Subcommittee. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me say that the problems that my good friend just mentioned on the floor can be solved by real, sensible gun safety legislation. Unfortunately, H.R. 38 is not that, and it is not that because it has ignored the pleas of law enforce-ment, and it has ignored the rational addition of amendments that would save lives. H.R. 38 is dangerous, it is reckless, and it is secretly packaged as a fix to gun violence, but, instead, it is laced with lethal elements of catastrophic proportion. Then, in the midnight hour, it matches the NICS Fix, dealing with the background checks, with the concealed carry reciprocity. That is patently un-fair, Mr. Speaker. Then it would not allow reasonable amendments, exposing victims of do-mestic violence, an amendment that I had, it will expose them, victims of do-mestic violence, to stalkers, and those who have been involved in domestic vi-olence to gun violence or death. It will entice those who perpetrate hate crimes. It will add to the current alarming death rate. Unfortunately, where we could have fixed the NICS, it does not do that. 556 women have been murdered this year alone by intimate partners with firearms. My amendment would have made this bill safer on the concealed carry bill. Didn’t want to have it. Fourteen other sensible amendments were blocked. 4.5 million American women alive today have been threatened by abusers. Hate crimes, those worshippers in Charleston, South Carolina, were killed by a person who came there with hate. My amendment dealing with not allow-ing someone convicted of a hate crime—even though they say that that is the Federal law, why not have it in this underlying bill where so many peo-ple are killed? Let me give you an example. Under the Brady Campaign, 114,994 Americans are killed by guns. They include those in Las Vegas; they include those at the Pulse nightclub; in Charleston; those who marched in Charlottesville, with all the violence that they had; and of course, Sandy Hook. Seventeen thou-sand children are gunned down by guns. The laws of different States, 12 States, have an open carry law with no rules. That means that if you are in Washington, D.C., where heads of state and other dignitaries come, then reck-lessly someone can come on the streets. Do we even listen to police officers? The Major Chiefs Association has indi-cated that they are opposed to H.R. 38 because it will require those making legitimate legal stops as law enforce-ment officers, seeking to come home to their families, being subjected to indi-viduals whose documents they may not know are credible, or whether they are fraudulent or whether, in fact, these individuals legitimately should have a gun. I can’t understand why this is not un-derstood. So let me just say that it is usually understood that we respect the constitutionality of States. This is a bad bill. It ignores sovereignty, and we should vote it down because too many people are murdered by guns without safety regulations. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 38, the ‘‘Concealed to Carry Reciprocity Act of 2017’’. I oppose the bill for the following reasons: H.R. 38 is dangerous, reckless and secretly packaged as a fix to gun violence, but instead, is laced with lethal elements of catastrophic proportion. It will expose victims of domestic violence or stalking to gun violence or death. It will entice those who perpetrate hate crimes. It will add to the current alarming death rate. The majority has elected to combine this dangerous measure with a more sensible and bipartisan measure, the Fix NICS Act, which we all supported as a stand-alone bill at mark-up. This trickery tactic is both disappointing and deadly, of which, neither approach is wel-come, for this reckless effort will negate any protections offered by the Fix NICS Act. My Amendments would have remedied these glaring defects in H.R. 38, which is a recipe for disaster because it authorizes any-one who is allowed by one state to carry a concealed handgun to do so in any other state, even if other states have higher stand-ards than the state where permit was granted. This bill would endanger many more lives when dealing with domestic partners by ex-posing victims to gun violence. Approximately, 556 women have been mur-dered this year alone by intimate partners with firearms, as statistics show that guns are the weapon of choice for domestic violence homi-cides. My domestic violence amendment is an im-portant public safety measure. Had it been made in order, it would have provided that States not be required to allow an individual to carry where such person is convicted of an of-fense of domestic violence or stalking as de-fined under the law. Despite this sensible measure, my amend-ments along with 14 other germane demo-cratic amendments were all blocked by the majority. A 2016 meta-analysis found that approxi-mately 4.5 million American women alive today have been threatened by abusers with firearms; of those, one million had either been shot or shot at by their abusers. Stalking is also a strong indicator of lethality, with one study of female murder vic-tims in ten cities finding that 76% of women who were murdered by an intimate partner were stalked the previous year. My second amendment would have prohib-ited any person convicted of a hate crime, as defined under section 249 of title 18 United States Code, or any substantially similar of-fense under the law of any State, from car-rying under this bill. We all remember the vicious church shoot-ing in Charleston, South Carolina where a white supremacist opened fire in a historic black church, killing nine people, including a pastor, during a prayer meeting. Again, recently, in Charlottesville, VA, white nationalists invoked violence during a march by plowing a car into a group of anti-pro-testers, killing 32 year old Heather Heyer of Charlottesville. This event prompted Attorney General Ses-sions to call the fatal attack ‘‘domestic ter-rorism’’ and said you can be sure we will charge and advance the investigation toward the most serious of charges that can be brought. Imagine if this killer from Ohio was allowed to cross state lines freely at that time under this bill with a gun; the additional loss of life on that day could have been catastrophic. New analysis of National Crime Victimiza-tion Survey data by the Center for American Progress reveals that between 2010 and 2014, roughly 43,000 hate crimes were com-mitted in the United States that involved the use or threat of a gun. Under federal law and the law in most states, individuals who have been convicted of hate crimes remain free to buy and possess guns. And now, under this bill, they can take their guns with them to inflict mayhem beyond their home states. Hate-motivated individuals such as violent extremists and hate criminals often use guns as a tool to terrorize, threaten and intimidate members of historically vulnerable or marginalized communities. My amendment therefore, was a sensible and practical meas-ure. Mass shootings and carnage-filled class-rooms, churches, workplace, concerts and clubs should not be the new normal because Congress can and should do better. Every day on average, 315 people are shot, of which 93 die from gun violence, daily. And of the 315 shot, 46 are children and teens be-tween the age of 0–19 and at least 7 of our children die daily from gun violence. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:18 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K06DE7.042 H06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9691 December 6, 2017 
Every year on average, 114,994 people are shot, of which 33,880 people die from gun vio-lence and of those shot, 17,012 of those vic-tims are children and teens. Therefore, we lose at least 2,647 of our children a year to senseless gun violence. These numbers are alarming and we should be devoting our efforts to saving lives, not opening up the flood gate to more carnage by snuffing innocent lives in passing H.R. 38. This bill will amplify tragedies such as Sandy Hook Elementary, Charleston, SC, Flor-ida’s Pulse night club, San Bernardino, Las Vegas bump stocks killings, Texas recent church massacre, and the countless lives lost on our streets across this country daily. Although the NRA argues that the United States is a dangerous place and that owning and carrying a gun is the only way to protect oneself and one’s family, there are over 30,000 dead. Removing safeguards intended to protect the public against potential harm or deadly force by private individuals jeopardizes univer-sally recognized human rights—including the right to life. H.R. 38 prohibits Congress’ ability to ad-dress gun violence in a constructive and real-istic manner? Adding more guns to our streets and loosening existing laws is extremely dan-gerous and counterproductive to ensuring pub-lic safety. Disguising the danger in this bill, by wrap-ping it in the cloth of H.R. 4477, a more sen-sible measure, does not negate the toxicity level of H.R. 38. In response to the TX recent church shoot-ing, my amendment strengthened H.R. 4477 by requiring DoD to conduct a more com-prehensive review of the procedures used by each branch of the Armed Forces to ensure that the Department is in substantial compli-ance with the DoD instruction 5505.11 entitled, ‘‘Fingerprint Card and Final Disposition Report Submission Requirements’’, dated December 1, 1998. But again, these amendments were blocked. Unlike H.R. 4477, the Fix NICS Act, a bipar-tisan measure and good first step, which aims to improve key elements in the submission of information by federal and state agencies to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS) and which I supported, H.R. 38 as is and combined is lethal. For the reasons stated above, I oppose this Rule and the underlying bill. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 15 seconds, and I include in the R
ECORD an article entitled, ‘‘‘Good Samaritan’ Kills Active Shoot-er in Texas Sports Bar,’’ in which a shooter with two guns and two knives entered a sports bar and was shot by an individual that the police labeled a Good Samaritan who happened to be eating at the restaurant with his wife. He was a concealed carry permit hold-er. He told his wife to get down on the ground, and then he shot the assailant. 
[From nbcnews.com, May 4, 2017] ‘G
OODSAMARITAN ’ KILLS ACTIVE SHOOTER IN  T
EXAS SPORTS BAR: POLICE  (By Phil McCausland) A ‘‘good Samaritan’’ with a gun killed an active shooter who may have been gearing up for a deadly rampage at a Texas sports bar Wednesday night, police said. When 48-year-old James Jones walked in-side the Zona Caliente Sports Bar, started yelling and then allegedly shot and killed Cesar Perez—a 37-year-old restaurant man-ager who’d attempted to calm him down— Arlington police said witnesses were afraid they would be next. In addition to the gun used to kill Perez, police say Jones had another semiautomatic pistol and two knives on him. The serial number on the second gun had been scratched off, and Jones did not have a gun license, police said. ‘‘He definitely had the capacity, if he wanted, to commit further violence and po-tentially kill other patrons in the business,’’ Arlington Police Lieutenant Chris Cook told NBC News, adding that it did not appear that the shooter knew his victim. An armed ‘‘good Samaritan’’—as the Ar-lington Police labeled him—happened to be eating at the restaurant with his wife. A con-cealed carry permit holder, he told her to get down on the ground and then shot Jones in the back. ‘‘I don’t think the shooter even knew where the rounds were coming from because he started shooting at the front door,’’ Cook said, who described the scene as ‘‘chaotic.’’ Police reviewed video surveillance and pieced together the incident via witness interviews, but it remains unclear how many shots were fired by either individual. Police were looking into Jones’ background to see whether he suffered from any mental ill-nesses and were awaiting test results to find out if he was under the influence. The man who took down Jones wished to maintain his anonymity, police said, noting that he felt overwhelmed but relieved that he prevented further violence. ‘‘We’re thankful that the good ‘Samaritan’ acted quickly and decisively to end the threat,’’ Cook said. ‘‘We never recommend people get involved. That’s a personal deci-sion that a citizen has to make.’’ Use of force and firearms expert Emanuel Kapelsohn told NBC News that, from his un-derstanding, the man who took down the shooter reacted appropriately. ‘‘I think it’s to be applauded,’’ he said. ‘‘Not everybody in the world ought to own a gun. Not everybody in the world ought to carry a gun. Not everyone in the world ought to engage an armed criminal where innocent people could be potentially injured.’’ ‘‘But this good Samaritan obviously had the ability to do what he did,’’ Kapelsohn added. ‘‘Who knows how many people would be dead if he had not acted?’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER ), the chairman of the Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations Subcommittee of the House Judiciary Committee. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Speak-er, I am pleased that H.R. 38, as amend-ed, includes the Fix NICS Act. I have long supported the National Instant Criminal Background Check System, or NICS. NICS is about saving lives and pro-tecting people from harm by pre-venting guns from falling into the wrong hands. It does this without interfering in the timely transfer of firearms to eligible gun buyers. I was the original cosponsor of the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act of 1993 and worked diligently for its passage. I strongly supported this bill because it makes sense to prevent convicted felons and individuals judged to be mentally ill from obtaining guns. At the time of negotiations, I in-sisted on the inclusion of the NICS pro-gram. Under this system, firearms dealers use the FBI’s NICS system to cross-reference with a list of known convicted felons, drug users, illegal aliens, and those convicted of domestic violence. As I have stated many times, the NICS system is only as good as the records that are put into it. Too often, people who otherwise would not pass a background check can slip through the cracks and buy guns. After the recent shooting in Suther-land Springs, Texas, the U.S. Air Force disclosed that it had failed to report the gunman’s history of domestic as-sault to the database, which should have prevented him from purchasing a firearm in the first place. This legislation will provide a much- needed push to speed implementation of the NICS system used in conducting instant background checks prior to gun purchases. At the Federal level, it would require Federal agency coopera-tion and provide relevant records to the Attorney General for inclusion into the NICS. It holds Federal agencies ac-countable if they fail to upload rel-evant records to the background check system through public reporting and prohibiting bonus pay for political ap-pointees. At the State level, it will incentivize them to make sure that their reporting is up to date by giving Federal grant preferences to States which comply. b1500 Mr. Speaker, let me be clear. This bill is not about expanding background checks. This is about ensuring that the existing law is working. There is strong bipartisan support for improv-ing what has become the systemic problem of missing information in the database. Accurate reporting is essen-tial to ensuring that the system works as intended. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) for a unanimous consent request. (Ms. JACKSON Lee asked and was given permission to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  an article by Mark Kelly entitled ‘‘Good Guys With Guns Can Be Dan-gerous, Too. Don’t Gut Conceal Carry Laws. Why is Congress about to Vote to Loosen Gun Laws Again;’’ a letter from Major Cities Chiefs Association opposing H.R. 38; a letter from the chief of police from the City of Hous-ton; and, finally, a report from the Na-tional Task Force to End Sexual and Domestic Violence. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:18 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE7.015 H06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9692 December 6, 2017 
‘GOODGUYSWITHGUNS’ CANBEDANGEROUS , T
OO. DON’TGUTCONCEALED CARRY LAWS 
WHY IS CONGRESS ABOUT TO VOTE TO LOOSEN  
GUN LAWS AGAIN ? (By Mark Kelly) That day in Tucson, amid a gun tragedy, one of the heroes almost got shot. It was Saturday, Jan. 8, 2011, and a men-tally ill young man who’d gotten his hand on a gun opened fire on my wife, then-Rep. Gabrielle Giffords (D–Ariz.), and her con-stituents at an event in a Safeway parking lot. He shot my wife in the head at close range, injured 12 others and took the lives of six people. One victim was a 9-year-old girl. After Gabby’s would-be assassin dropped the full magazine as he sought to reload his gun and continue his rampage, people tack-led him, kicked his gun away, subdued him as they waited for law enforcement to arrive and brought an end to the chaos. They were heroes. The chaos nearly continued, though. Be-cause the man who murdered those innocent people wasn’t the only one there with a load-ed, concealed gun. Joe Zamudio was shopping at a drugstore nearby when he heard the shots. Allowed to carry a concealed weapon under Arizona law, Zamudio recognized the sound of gunfire and rushed to the scene with his gun in his jack-et pocket, his hand on his weapon and ready to fire. But then Zamudio—a good guy trying to do the right thing—almost shot another good guy. As he rounded the corner, he saw a man holding a gun. Zamudio confronted him: ‘‘Drop it, drop it!’’ he yelled. But that man with a gun was a good guy, too. He was one of the heroes who had wres-tled the shooter to the ground. And he was moments away from being shot for the wrong reason. To his credit, Zamudio held his fire—just barely. As he recounted to reporters later, ‘‘It was a matter of seconds....  I  was really lucky....  I’ve never been in the military or had any professional training. I just re-acted.’’ The situation that played out in the Safeway parking lot that day shows the po-tential for tragedy and bloodshed when un-trained people carrying loaded guns react to a crisis. Even with the best intentions, an armed person without the extensive firearms training that is required to respond under pressure in a crisis will risk making the situ-ation worse, not better. But this week, as we approach the seventh anniversary of the tragedy in Tucson and the fifth anniversary of the tragedy at Sandy Hook Elementary School—and after two of the five deadliest mass shootings in modern history happened in the last two months— Congress is working hard to pass one of the big-ticket items on the National Rifle Asso-ciation’s wishlist, a bill that weakens our gun laws and poses serious threats to public safety. The House of Representatives is on the verge of voting to allow people permitted to carry concealed weapons to carry them into any other state regardless of what that state’s law on such guns is. That would make it harder for law enforcement to do their job and allow all permit holders, even if they don’t have a single shred of training, to carry loaded, hidden guns on every street in our country. Right now, each state has the right to de-termine the extent to which it will recognize the concealed carry laws of other states. Some states have strong laws, preventing dangerous people like domestic abusers and convicted stalkers from obtaining concealed carry permits and requiring training and a thorough evaluation as part of the process. In other states, concealed carry laws have much lower standards. The 12 states with the weakest laws, permitless carry states, do not even require a permit. That means a resident of those states may carry loaded, concealed guns in public spaces without ever having passed a background check. The bill before Congress would allow peo-ple who have a permit issued by any state— including permitless carry states—to carry loaded, concealed handguns in any other state that allows concealed carry, even though they might not meet local public safety standards. This would mean an 18- year-old high school student from West Vir-ginia could legally carry a concealed firearm in New York City, where residents must be 21 to even own a handgun. And what would it mean for law enforce-ment? Nothing good. The bill would impose a threat of personal litigation on all law en-forcement officers by allowing anyone whose ability to carry a concealed gun is mistak-enly questioned by law enforcement to per-sonally sue the officer. This bill would also effectively require them to be an expert on nationwide gun laws as they work to deter-mine if it’s legal for someone from out of state to be carrying a gun in whatever state they might be visiting. Just as concerning, it will mean that more law enforcement offi-cers will have to confront more people with guns. And think back to the tragedy in Tuc-son: When law enforcement officers arrive at a crime scene where multiple people are holding guns, how do they even know who the good guy is? We need politicians to show courage and listen to the American people, who want stronger laws to make them safer, not give-aways to gun lobbyists that threaten the safety of our communities. And that’s ex-actly what this irresponsible bill would do. As members of Congress consider this bill, they have to ask themselves if they want to be remembered as voting to help the Wash-ington gun lobby instead of supporting law enforcement and public safety. And they should know that their constituents are watching their decision closely. 
MAJOR CITIES CHIEFS ASSOCIATION , November 2, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN: On behalf of the Major Cities Chiefs, representing the Na-tion’s largest metropolitan law enforcement agencies in the country, we are writing to voice our strong opposition to the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act of 2017, HR 38. Because we are responsible for public safety in juris-dictions across the Nation, we recognize that this legislation would be an enormous mis-take. This measure is both impractical and con-trary to the rights of States. Moreover, it raises Constitutional questions about the au-thority of Congress to direct State officers. Concealed weapon permit laws have been tailored to the needs of regions and local communities over a period of many years. An attempt by Congress to preempt these State laws forces States to accept the lowest minimum standard for concealed carry across the Nation, and creates a contradic-tion between the standards required for State residents and State visitors. The thousands of local permit formats would make enforcement impossible, because police officers would not be able to deter-mine the validity of a permit issued in an-other State or locality. It would be impos-sible for law enforcement to distinguish true permit carriers from criminals and illegal guns. We are confident that members of Congress will respect the Constitutional sovereignty of the States and will not act with disregard for the many reasonable and prudent laws al-ready in place across the Nation. Sincerely, J. THOMAS MANGER , Chief of Police, Mont-gomery County Po-lice Department, President. 
CITY OF HOUSTON , H
OUSTON POLICE DEPARTMENT , Houston, TX, November 29, 2017. Hon. C
HUCK GRASSLEY , Chairman, Hon. D
IANNE FEINSTEIN , Ranking Member, Committee of the Judiciary, U.S. Senate, Washington DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN GRASSLEY AND RANKING  M
EMBER FEINSTEIN : As the Chief of Police in Houston, I see first-hand the bloodshed and death toll from gun violence. Recent horrible events in Texas and Nevada serve as grim re-minders that we have not done enough to prevent gun violence in America. While I am sorry I cannot attend your planned hearing, I serve as the First Vice President of Major Cities Chiefs and ask that you also enter this letter into the record. The mass shooting in Texas is an ugly and tragic example of the need to strengthen our system of background checks. That’s why I am supporting the measure introduced by Senator Cornyn and I urge the Committee to move his bill forward. The proposed legisla-tion seeks to make current law work better by strengthening procedures. But we should not stop there as much more can be done to prevent the public from gun violence. This measure alone does not go far enough to stop what recently happened in Texas and the many, many senseless mass shootings that preceded our own tragedy. Universal Background Check: The mass shooting in Texas represents a renewed call for the Universal Background Check that Congress has failed to adopt in the past. Much has been said about how the Texas gunman would have been precluded from the store purchase if the background system had worked correctly. But what would have stopped him from buying the same weapons at the next gun show? It’s a disservice to the public to conduct background checks only in some cases, but not for all of them. ‘‘Bump Stocks’’: Another common-sense measure is a ban on ‘‘bump stocks’’ and simi-lar accessories that replicate fully auto-matic weapons fire. Such features result in a number of shots fired that causes the car-nage we witnessed in Las Vegas. Like other law enforcement officials, I have studied the Las Vegas slaughter and concluded that there is no reasonable sporting or hunting purpose served by deadly devices that simu-late military weapons capabilities. I was seated next to the ATF Director at a recent meeting of Major Cities Chiefs when he ad-vised the Chiefs that new legislation will be required. Concealed Weapons: Each State has care-fully crafted its own laws relating to con-cealed weapons. While Congress has here-tofore respected the Constitutional sov-ereignty of the States, there is legislation now pending that would undermine the au-thority of State laws relating to carrying of weapons. We strongly urge Congress to reject the misguided and impractical proposal for reciprocity. As police officers could not be expected to recognize legitimate or forged permits from thousands of jurisdictions, it would be impossible to determine which per-sons are authorized to carry a concealed weapon. Silencers: Legislation to deregulate silenc-ers is ill-advised because it would further threaten public safety. These devices were 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE7.017 H06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9693 December 6, 2017 
invented for killing and stealth. Once wide-spread, hunters would be unable to hear nearby gunfire and thus be endangered. Gun-shot detection systems in urban areas would be thwarted. Worst of all, the proposed legis-lation would permit criminals to purchase and possess silencers without any screening requirements. There is simply no legitimate justification for a measure that would fur-ther endanger the public. Our Duty to Protect: Like those of us who wear a badge, members of Congress share our solemn duty to protect the public. The re-cent tragedies in Texas and Nevada should be recognized by Congress as cries for help from past and future innocent victims of gun vio-lence. Chiefs of Police and Sheriffs join these victims in asking you to act now to prevent more death and bloodshed. We turn to you for courage and leadership to consider mul-tiple steps and measures to curb the ongoing threat of gun violence in America. Sincerely, A
RTACEVEDO , Chief of Police. 
NATIONAL TASKFORCE TO END S
EXUAL & DOMESTIC VIOLENCE , December 1, 2017. T
O THE MEMBERS OF THE U.S. H OUSE OF  R
EPRESENTATIVES : As we enter the winter holiday season, we grieve for the approxi-mately 556 women who will not celebrate with their families—the 556 women who have been murdered this year by intimate part-ners with firearms. As a country, we can and must do more to prevent the daily mass shootings that plague our nation, most of which are related to family violence. Accordingly, we, the member organizations of the National Task Force to End Sexual and Domestic Violence (NTF), comprising national organizations working to end gen-der-based violence and representing hun-dreds of member programs and hundreds of thousands of advocates and survivors, write to you today to oppose the package con-taining both the Concealed Carry Reci-procity (CCR) Act of 2017, H.R. 38, and the Fix NICS Act of 2017, H.R.4434. While the Fix NICS Act of 2017, H.R.4434, will protect victims of domestic violence by ensuring domestic violence records are prop-erly and expeditiously submitted to the Na-tional Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS), the Concealed Carry Reci-procity Act, H.R. 38, undermines the safety of victims of domestic violence, dating vio-lence and stalking by destabilizing protec-tions for victims of abuse and allowing do-mestic violence offenders to follow their vic-tims across state lines with loaded, con-cealed firearms. This combined measure is incredibly dangerous and will negate any protections offered by the Fix NICS Act. Firearms are regularly used as tools of power and control. A 2016 meta-analysis of existing literature found that approximately 4.5 million American women alive today have been threatened by abusers with fire-arms; of those, one million had either been shot or shot at by their abusers. Guns are also the weapon of choice for domestic vio-lence homicides. An abuser’s mere access to a firearm increases the risk of intimate part-ner homicide of women by five times. Stalk-ing is also a strong indicator of lethality, with one study of female murder victims in ten cities finding that 76% of women who were murdered by an intimate partner were stalked the previous year. Lawmakers have enacted strong, commonsense protections to prevent domestic violence homicides in states and localities across the nation and such protections must not be undermined by federally mandating concealed carry reci-procity. States and Reciprocity Agreements: Cur-rently, each state determines who can le-gally carry concealed, loaded firearms in public. Many states have enacted strong laws to protect victims and survivors from gun- enabled abuse beyond the vital but limited protection federal law provides. States enter into reciprocity agreements at their own dis-cretion. The proposal before the Committee would take away this local control by requir-ing every state to recognize every other state’s concealed weapons permits, thereby undermining states’ authority to make their own decisions as to what measures will pro-vide the best protection for their citizens. Victim Relocation: Often, victims of do-mestic violence, dating violence and stalking relocate across state lines to escape their abusers and seek refuge in states with stronger firearms protections. H.R. 38 would require states with strong protections for victims of abuse to accept the permits of states with weaker protections and allow do-mestic violence offenders to travel across state lines with loaded, concealed firearms. Domestic violence offenders could shop around for ‘‘out of state’’ permits, which are granted by ten states to non-residents, even if they do not meet the requirements to ob-tain a permit in their home state. Even if do-mestic abusers are prohibited from pos-sessing firearms from their state of resi-dence, they could easily obtain ‘‘out of state’’ permits and cross state lines to threaten, harass and harm their victims with firearms. Law Enforcement and Background Checks: The CCR Act assumes that law enforcement need only look at an individual’s out-of-state concealed carry license to verify their eligi-bility to carry a firearm. Twelve states no longer require permits to carry loaded, con-cealed firearms; individuals from those states would not be able to produce a state- issued photo ID license to prove their eligi-bility to carry a concealed firearm, as re-quired by the bills. The bill also assumes that federal firearms prohibitors apply to all persons asserting the right to concealed carry reciprocity. However, many states do not run background checks when issuing concealed permits, so law enforcement in the travel state is unable to ascertain whether a federal or state prohibitor impairs the trav-eler’s concealed carry permit or firearm pos-session. Even when a background check is re-quired before a permit is issued, prohibited abusers often erroneously pass background checks, because the federal background check databases are missing most records re-lating to federal and many states’ domestic violence prohibitors. The Fix NICS Act of 2017 (H.R.4434): This bipartisan, bicameral bill reauthorizes NCHIP, requires all federal agencies and states to design implementation plans to in-crease submission of records into NICS, holds states and federal agencies responsible if they do not meet the benchmarks estab-lished in their implementation plans, and creates a Domestic Abuse and Violence Pre-vention Initiative to focus state efforts spe-cifically on domestic violence records. This bill is supported not only by the domestic vi-olence community but also such disparate entities as the NRA, the National Shooting Sports Foundation, and a number of gun vio-lence prevention organizations. Although gaps in reporting of records span a range of firearms prohibitors, the gap in reporting of domestic violence records is par-ticularly notable. Approximately 700,000 pro-tective orders reside in state databases that are not in any federal database, and count-less more protective orders are issued at the local level but never entered into state data-bases. Similarly, there are significant gaps in the number of misdemeanor domestic vio-lence convictions and the records submitted to NICS. Poor record keeping often leads to domestic abusers erroneously passing back-ground checks or to ‘default proceed’, in which a background check cannot be com-pleted within seventy-two hours, and a sale is allowed to proceed before the FBI has made a determination about the potential buyer’s ability to legally purchase or possess firearms. In 2013 and 2014, a plurality (ap-proximately 40%) of cases referred by the FBI to the ATF for firearms retrieval after a default proceed were related to a domestic violence prohibitor. An unknown number of prohibited abusers wrongly passed back-ground checks altogether. Simply put, we cannot support any bill that puts the lives of victims of domestic vi-olence, dating violence, and stalking at risk. Any bill that includes the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act, H.R.38, imperils the lives of victims, survivors, their children, their fami-lies, their friends and their communities. We continue to support The Fix NICS Act of 2017, H.R.4434, as a standalone bill because it saves lives. On behalf of victims of domestic violence, dating violence and stalking, we urge you to reconsider combining these bills. These two bills cannot be supported as a package and the CCR Act threatens to erase any progress that could be made by the Fix NICS Act. Sincerely, T
HENATIONAL TASKFORCE  
TOENDSEXUAL AND  D
OMESTIC VIOLENCE . 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Con-necticut (Ms. E
STY). Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Speak-er, I rise in strong opposition to the so- called Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act. It is outrageous that today, of all days, 1 week before the 5-year anniver-sary of the horrific murder of 20 school-children and 6 educators in my district of Newtown, 2 months after the slaugh-ter of 50 Americans watching a concert, that we are about to act on a bill to put more guns in the hands of more dangerous people. Rather than helping raise the stand-ards nationally for gun safety, this bill would override and lower most States’ concealed carry laws, making it easier for domestic violence abusers, stalkers, and violent criminals to carry across State lines loaded hidden guns. This bill should be called the ‘‘Act to Carry Any Gun Anywhere Anytime by Any-one.’’ The Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act is an outrage and an insult to the fami-lies in Newtown and to the hundreds of families who have lost loved ones to gun violence who are gathered here today at the Capitol for the fifth an-nual Vigil to End Gun Violence. In the 5 years since Sandy Hook, this is the very first bill we have been al-lowed to vote on in this Chamber, and it is a reckless giveaway to the moneyed gun interests. Mr. Speaker, since 2012, gun violence has killed over 170,000 Americans. It is time for this House to truly honor the victims of gun violence and their fami-lies with action instead of caving in to the gun lobby yet again. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to oppose this dangerous bill. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE), a member of the Judi-ciary Committee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE7.021 H06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9694 December 6, 2017 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, his-tory is the great educator. We remem-ber in American history the War of Independence started when the British tried to take away the firearms of Americans, and we had the Battles of Lexington and Concord. That revolu-tion was successful because Americans were able to be armed. The Texas War of Independence start-ed when the Mexican Government tried to take away the firearms of Texans. That started in Gonzales, Texas, and it was successful and we became an inde-pendent country. The Second Amendment is a con-stitutional right that Americans have. My friends on the other side don’t like the Second Amendment. They wish it wasn’t there. They do everything in their power to restrict the privilege and the right that we have under the Second Amendment, and we get it be-cause of our history, to protect us from government and also for self-defense. My friends talk about gun violence. They have got to remember that gun violence happens many times where people are disarmed, and it usually takes a gun to stop that gun, just like it did at the church in Texas. In another situation, if I were to drive my Jeep to California and I get stopped by the California Highway Pa-trol, which maybe would occur, I would show them my Texas driver’s license, and then they would let me drive, even though the laws in California are dif-ferent on a driver’s license. Second, the registration of my Jeep in Texas would pass in California, even though if I had to get it done in Cali-fornia, it probably wouldn’t pass. But they recognize that because we have laws that recognize that. My marriage license would be accept-ed as well. The right to bear arms, the right to have a concealed carry weapon, is based on the Second Amendment of the Constitution. All this law does is allow us to exercise that right in every State. And that is just the way it is. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. H
OYER ), the Democratic whip. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. N
ADLER for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, that is just the way it is. Since the start of 2017, more than 14,340 people have been killed by gun violence in the United States, more than any other country on Earth. That is just the way it is. More than 29,150 have been wounded. More than 680 of those have been chil-dren. In October, 58 people were killed and 515 wounded in Las Vegas in the worst mass shooting in our Nation’s history. But we don’t have a bill on the floor to prevent the creation of machine guns, which are illegal, by bump stocks. Just 5 weeks later, a gunman entered a church in Sutherland Springs, Texas, and killed 26 worshipers, while wound-ing 20. The majority’s response? Bring to the floor a bill that makes America less safe, more replete with people carrying and concealing weap-ons in our communities. This bill says: If you want to carry a concealed weap-on in a State that doesn’t allow it con-stitutionally, no problem. Get your concealed carry license in another State that does. In other words, every State, no mat-ter their own judgment, talk about States’ rights, no matter their own judgment, must be subjected to the policies of the least protective State in the Nation. Instead of addressing the very serious problem of rampant gun violence in a constructive way, the Republican ma-jority is bringing to the floor a bill that makes it easier to hide dangerous weapons in public. Newtown, Aurora, Orlando, Las Vegas, Sutherland Springs, and com-munity after community after commu-nity. What will it take for this Con-gress to act? What will it take to face this challenge instead of ignoring it? How many more will not live to see the new year or begin it with debilitating injuries they will carry for the rest of their lives? How many times will we have a moment of silence and a year of no action? Mr. Speaker, defeat this bill. Its ra-tional provision of NICS, making sure people report, does not justify the dan-ger it expands. Support the rights of States to protect their residents from hidden firearms. Do not ignore the cri-sis that confronts our country. Have a moment of action, a moment of legis-lating more safety, not less; not simply a few seconds of silence to lament the loss of life, whether it be in Las Vegas or Orlando or in our own communities. Defeat this bill. Come back and do some positive, constructive work that makes America safe again. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 15 seconds to include in the RECORD a letter signed by 23 of those States’ attorneys general who say, in part, in this letter: ‘‘Strong evi-dence indicates that concealed carry permit holders actually deter and re-duce crime.’’ This is taking action by passing this legislation. 
ATTORNEY GENERAL OF MISSOURI , Jefferson City, MO, December 1, 2017. Re Constitutional Concealed Carry Reci-procity Act of 2017 (S. 446) and Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act of 2017 (H.R. 38). Hon. M
ITCH MCCONNELL , Majority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. C
HUCK SCHUMER , Minority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CONGRESSIONAL LEADERS : As the chief legal officers of our States, we, the un-dersigned 23 state Attorneys General, write in support of the Constitutional Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act of 2017 (S. 446) and the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act of 2017 (H.R. 38). We share a strong interest in the protection of our citizens’ Second Amend-ment right to keep and bear arms, and we are committed to supporting federal and state policies to preserve that constitutional right. These bills, if enacted, would elimi-nate significant obstacles to the exercise of the right to keep and bear arms for millions of Americans in every State. The Second Amendment to the U.S. Con-stitution provides an individual right to own and carry a firearm for self-defense. The Amendment states that ‘‘[a] well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.’’ U.S. Const. amend. II. As the Supreme Court rec-ognized in District of Columbia v. Heller, 554 U.S. 570, 592 (2008), the Second Amendment ‘‘guarantee[s] the individual right to possess and carry weapons in case of confrontation.’’ Indeed, ‘‘individual self-defense is ‘ the central component’ of the Second Amendment right.’’ McDonald v. City of Chicago, 561 U.S. 742, 767 (2010) (quoting Heller, 554 U.S. at 599). The core interest protected by this right is self-defense by law-abiding citizens. This right therefore extends to weapons ‘‘in com-mon use’’ and ‘‘typically possessed by law- abiding citizens for lawful purposes.’’ Heller, 554 U.S. at 624–25, 627 (quoting United States v. Miller, 307 U.S. 174, 179 (1939)). The Second Amendment historically has guaranteed the right to carry firearms out-side the home for self-defense. In Heller, the Supreme Court relied on the preeminent au-thority on English law for the founding gen-eration, William Blackstone, who explained that the right to self-defense, codified by the framers in the Second Amendment, was an ‘‘individual right protecting against both public and private violence.’’ Heller, 554 U.S. at 594 (citations omitted). As Justices Thom-as and Gorsuch have written, ‘‘‘[s]elf-defense has to take place wherever the person hap-pens to be,’ and in some circumstances a per-son may be more vulnerable in a public place than in his own house.’’ Peruta v. California, 137 S. Ct. 1995, 1998–99 (2017) (Thomas, J., and Gorsuch, J., dissenting from the denial of certiorari) (quoting Eugene Volokh, Imple- menting the Right to Keep and Bear Arms for Self-Defense: An Analytical Framework and a Research Agenda, 56 UCLA L. Rev. 1443, 1515 (2009)). To be sure, the right to carry firearms for self-defense is not unlimited, and the Su-preme Court has stated that its decisions do not cast doubt on the ‘‘longstanding prohibi-tions on the possession of firearms by felons and the mentally ill, or laws forbidding the carrying of firearms in sensitive places such as schools and government buildings, or laws imposing conditions and qualifications on the commercial sale of arms.’’ Heller, 554 U.S. at 626–27. But these exceptions all assume that the right to carry a weapon in self-de-fense applies in public places generally. The Second Amendment, moreover, applies to both the Federal Government and the States. The Second Amendment is a right ‘‘fundamental to our scheme of ordered lib-erty,’’ and so it applies not just to the Fed-eral Government but also to the States under the Due Process Clause of the Four-teenth Amendment. McDonald, 561 U.S. at 767; see also Caetano v. Massachusetts , 136 S. Ct. 1027, 1027 (2016) (per curiam). Nevertheless, some activist courts have held that the Second Amendment has no ap-plication at all outside the home, and thus have upheld state laws banning any firearm ownership outside the home. See, e.g., Peruta v. California, 137 S. Ct. 1995, 1997, 1999 (2017) (Thomas, J. and Gorsuch, J., dissenting from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06DE7.046 H06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9695 December 6, 2017 
the denial of certiorari) (collecting cases); e.g., Williams v. State, 10 A.3d 1167, 1177 (Md. 2011); Mack v. United States, 6 A.3d 1224, 1236 (D.C. 2010). Further, ten states refuse to rec-ognize any out-of-state concealed carry per-mits, and many more refuse to recognize out-of-state concealed carry permits unless certain conditions are met. The citizen interest in self-defense, sup-ported and protected by the Second Amend-ment, is called into serious question by such blanket refusals to permit carrying firearms in self-defense outside the home or to allow non-resident visitors to carry concealed weapons. Because some States refuse to give the Second Amendment its full import, Con-gress should enact concealed-carry reci-procity legislation, to help implement and enforce the constitutional right to self-de-fense for millions of law-abiding Americans across the country. The exercise of Congress’s power is par-ticularly warranted in this case because the States that refuse to allow law-abiding, non- resident visitors to carry concealed weapons place their occupants in greater danger—not less—from gun violence. These States leave citizens without any real option for self-de-fense, and so it is not surprising that they have been unable to show that their regula-tions reduce crime. Authorizing permit holders to carry across state lines will not result in an increased risk of crime. Concealed carry permit hold-ers are among the most law-abiding members of society, and those States that allow for reciprocal concealed-carry permits have not encountered any significant safety issues. In Texas, for example, state data on permit holders shows that, compared to the general public, they are ‘‘ten times less likely to commit a crime, eleven times less likely to commit an aggravated assault with a deadly weapon, and seven times less likely to com-mit deadly conduct with a firearm.’’ Kevin Ballard, Peruta v. County of San Diego: An Individual Right to Self-Defense Outside the Home and the Application of Strict Scrutiny to Second Amendment Challenges, 47 Golden Gate U. L. Rev. 25, 59 (2017). Further, strong evidence indicates that concealed-carry permit holders actually deter and reduce crime. Those who engage in lawful and licensed concealed carry are not only less likely to be involved in criminal activity themselves, but their presence also deters others from engaging in violent crime. See John R. Lott, Jr., More Guns, Less Crime (University of Chicago Press, 3d ed. 2010). County-level data for the entire United States from 1977 to 2000, the period in which many concealed-carry laws took effect, shows annual reductions in murder rates be-tween 1.5 percent and 2.3 percent for each ad-ditional year that a right-to-carry law was in effect, and the total economic benefit from reduced crimes usually ranges between approximately $2 billion and $3 billion per year. Florenz Plassmann & John Whitley, Confirming ‘‘More Guns, Less Crime, ’’ 55 Stan. L. Rev. 1313 (2003). ‘‘Violent crime falls after right-to-carry laws are adopted, with bigger drops the longer the right-to-carry laws are in effect.’’ John R. Lott, Jr., What a Bal-ancing Test Will Show for Right-to-Carry Laws , 71 Md. L. Rev. 1205, 1212 (2012). Our experience as attorneys general fur-ther reinforces this data. Law-abiding indi-viduals who choose to exercise their con-stitutional right to carry a firearm for self- defense promote public safety. Our states have chosen to respect the rights of residents and non-residents alike to carry arms for their defense, and we ask Congress to protect the same rights of our law-abiding residents as they travel throughout the United States. States should not be able to deny citizens of other States the basic constitutional right to self-defense. We thus urge Congress to enact legislation such as the Constitutional Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act of 2017 (S. 446) or the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act of 2017 (H.R. 38). These bills aim to protect the rights of law-abiding citizens to carry a concealed handgun. They do not allow for carrying firearms by felons, those involun-tarily committed to mental health facilities, and other persons prohibited by federal law from possessing or receiving firearms. And these bills would not prevent States from al-lowing governmental and private entities to preclude concealed carry on their own prop-erty. As the Supreme Court held in McDonald, it is ‘‘unmistakably’’ true that ‘‘the Second Amendment right to keep and bear arms’’ is ‘‘fundamental to our scheme of ordered lib-erty’’ and ‘‘deeply rooted in this Nation’s history and tradition.’’ McDonald, 561 U.S. at 767–68. Congress should act to safeguard and implement this deeply rooted right for those traveling across state lines. Thank you for the opportunity to address this legislation. As the chief legal and law enforcement officers of our respective States, we urge Congress to pass this impor-tant legislation implementing one of the most basic American freedoms, the Second Amendment right to keep and bear arms. Very truly yours, Joshua D. Hawley, Missouri Attorney Gen-eral; Steve Marshall, Alabama Attorney General; Mark Brnovich, Arizona Attorney General; Leslie Rutledge, Arkansas Attorney General; Pamela Jo Bondi, Florida Attorney General; Chris Carr, Georgia Attorney Gen-eral; Lawrence Wasden, Idaho Attorney Gen-eral; Curtis T. Hill, Jr., Indiana Attorney General; Derek Schmidt, Kansas Attorney General; Jeff Landry, Louisiana Attorney General; Bill Schuette, Michigan Attorney General; Timothy C. Fox, Montana Attorney General. Doug Peterson, Nebraska Attorney Gen-eral; Adam Paul Laxalt, Nevada Attorney General; Wayne Stenehjem, North Dakota Attorney General; Mike DeWine, Ohio Attor-ney General; Alan Wilson, South Carolina Attorney General; Marty J. Jackley, South Dakota Attorney General; Ken Paxton, Texas Attorney General; Sean Reyes, Utah Attorney General; Patrick Morrisey, West Virginia Attorney General; Brad D. Schimel, Wisconsin Attorney General; Peter K. Mi-chael, Wyoming Attorney General. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Alabama (Mrs. R
OBY), a member of the Judiciary Committee. Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 38, the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act of 2017. Mr. Speaker, our Founders laid out certain rights in our Constitution, not to empower the government, but to empower the people. Certainly among the most fundamental of those rights we have as Americans is to keep and bear arms. H.R. 38, the Concealed Carry Reci-procity Act of 2017, simply ensures all law-abiding citizens who meet the re-quirements to obtain concealed carry permits in their home State can exer-cise the right to protect themselves in any State, provided that they obey the local concealed carry laws. Mr. Speaker, some opponents of this bill claim that we are somehow making it easier for dangerous unqualified in-dividuals to obtain and carry guns. That is absolutely not true. If a citizen is currently prohibited from purchasing or possessing a fire-arm, this bill does nothing to change that. On the other hand, Mr. Speaker, oth-ers will tell you that we are making it harder for law-abiding Americans to exercise their Second Amendment right. That is not true either. H.R. 38 does nothing to infringe upon anyone’s right to keep and bear arms. The bill simply ensures that our cur-rent National Instant Criminal Back-ground Check System, or NICS, is en-forced and working properly. Those of us who respect the Second Amendment and dedicate our careers to defending it will always fight to pro-tect this fundamental right from those who would erode it. Mr. Speaker, we also have a responsi-bility to uphold and enforce our cur-rent laws to ensure dangerous people can’t obtain weapons. In fact, it is pre-cisely because we want to preserve our Second Amendment right that we must ensure our criminal background check system works properly. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill in order to ensure that those who obtain a concealed carry permit in one State are able to enjoy the freedom in any State and to make sure our current background check sys-tem is working the way it was intended to work. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ten-nessee (Mr. COHEN ). Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, firstly, the NRA put a bulletin out to urge people to vote for this. They said: ‘‘We must ensure that antigun jurisdictions do not harass travelers.’’ Mr. Speaker, that is the purpose of this bill from the NRA, that nine antigun jurisdictions, State legisla-tures that have restrictive gun laws, cannot harass travelers, cannot see that their State has the same laws that their citizens have from people out of State. When my friends on the other side talk about being concerned about the Second Amendment and dedicating their lives to it and seeing that irre-sponsible people don’t get guns, when we tried to bring a no fly, no buy law, they weren’t for it. They talked about due process. But have they brought a due process bill to the floor for people who are on the no-fly list? No. People who are on Social Security who can’t manage their own affairs, they passed a law that said they should get guns when they couldn’t before. That is not in keeping with what they are saying. This bill violates States’ rights, puts guns in the hands of people that States don’t want them to have. There are seven States that don’t allow people under 21, unless they are in the mili-tary, to have a gun permit. This Fed-eral law would override those seven States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE7.022 H06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9696 December 6, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, this is a bad law. It is the NRA’s law. We should have had amendments considered in committee, but we didn’t because the NRA didn’t want them. b1515 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ), a mem-ber of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I am here today to support the Con-cealed Carry Reciprocity Act, which will allow a person who is licensed in one State to carry their firearm to carry it in other States. It works just like your driver’s license. My Texas driver’s license lets me drive in Vir-ginia; it lets me drive in Florida; it lets me drive in California. When I was a child growing up in Texas, my family taught me the impor-tance of marksmanship, gun safety, and the Second Amendment. And I have long said that, when it comes to reducing violence, it is the individual, not the weapon, that we need to be fo-cused on. This bill helps ensure an American’s right to carry is not infringed when crossing State lines, enhancing public safety. In fact, as the chairman stated earlier here today, a peer-reviewed study shows that States with more re-strictive concealed carry laws had higher gun-related murder rates. That is why we need an armed citizenry to protect ourselves and each other. As we saw in the terrible Texas church shooting in Sutherland Springs just recently, the death toll could have been much higher had not an armed citizen been there to confront the gun-man. There are those who insist the bill will arm the criminals, but those claims are far from true, as gun laws restricting criminals from access to weapons are already there in their home States. They are going to remain undisturbed. I am a strong supporter of the Second Amendment and the Constitution, as I suspect most of you all are, Mr. Speak-er, and I believe gun control is hitting what you aim at and nothing else. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
EUTCH ). Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding. Mr. Speaker, it has been almost 5 years to the day that 20 6- and 7-year- old babies were slaughtered in New-town. It has been about a year-and-a- half since 49 people were killed in my home State of Florida, 58 more being injured. In October, 59 people were killed and 500 injured at an outdoor concert in Las Vegas. And in Novem-ber, 26 people were killed and injured as they worshiped in Sutherland Springs, Texas. The response to all of this tragedy is a bill to make it easier for people to carry concealed weapons in every corner of this country. I don’t know whose idea—other than the gun corporations, I don’t know whose idea it was that this would be the way that we honor the memories of those who have been killed, that in-stead of commonsense gun safety legis-lation that the overwhelming majority of people in this country support, we get a bill to make it possible to carry concealed weapons in every State, in every corner of this country. When my friends on the other side say this doesn’t override any laws, that is absolutely untrue. In States that have State laws that govern where you can and can’t carry a gun, this bill overrides that and says you can bring any gun into the State, whatever your regulations are about what you can carry. This is a bill that doesn’t make us safer. It doesn’t make us stronger. But make no mistake, it makes the bottom line, the profits of the gun makers in this country, a little bit healthier. As we enter the Christmas season and we think about the 20 6- and 7-year-old kids whose lives were taken 5 years ago today, whose parents, whose families suffer every day with that loss, whose kids aren’t there to receive Christmas presents, I ask my friends on the other side: Why is it that we respond to that by giving this enormous Christmas gift to the NRA? Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 15 seconds to include in the RECORD two articles, one from Ten-nessee and one from Florida, in which concealed carry permit holders stopped dead in their tracks people who were going to commit murder. 
[From www.wsmv.com, Oct. 8, 2017] U
SHER BEING CALLED ‘‘HERO’’ FORHELPING  
TOSTOPANTIOCH CHURCH SHOOTER  (By Edward Burch) A
NTIOCH , TN.—Robert Caleb Engle is being hailed as a hero after helping to stop the ac-cused gunman during the shooting at Burnette Chapel Church of Christ in Antioch on Sunday. According to police and witnesses at the scene, Engle, who is an usher at the church, confronted the accused shooter, Emanuel Kidega Samson. Engle was then pistol- whipped by Samson. The two got into a scuf-fle before Samson shot himself in the chest. Engle, who has a carry permit, went out to his car to get a gun, despite suffering a head injury. Engle then went back inside the church to confront Samson and held him at gunpoint until authorities arrived. Engle, 22, declined an on-camera interview but did send a statement. When complimented about his heroism, Engle said, ‘‘I do not want to be labeled a hero. The real heroes are the police, first re-sponders, medical staff and doctors who have helped me and everyone affected.’’ ‘‘I’ve been going to this church my whole life,’’ Engle said ‘‘I would have never, ever thought something like this would have hap-pened.’’ ‘‘(He’s) just an outstanding young man, even before today,’’ said Tammy Adcock, one of Engle’s neighbors. ‘‘Today just proved his character.’’ Engle also asked for prayers for not just the victims, but for the shooter and the shooter’s family. ‘‘They are hurting as well,’’ Engle said. Engle and 64-year-old Catherine Dickerson were taken to Skyline Medical Center with non-life-threatening injuries. Both Engle and Dickerson have since been released from the hospital. [From Florida Today, Nov. 27, 2017] S
CHLENKER SHOOTING : R OCKLEDGE GUNMAN  R
ECOVERING , WORKED AT BREVARD ELEMEN -
TARY SCHOOL  (By J.D. Gallop) The 28-year-old man suspected of carrying out a shooting at a Rockledge auto shop last week that left one person dead and another paralyzed, also worked as a part-time custo-dian at an elementary school, authorities said. Brevard County Public School officials confirmed that Robert Lorenzo Bailey Jr. was employed with the district since 2014, working at Lewis Carroll Elementary on Merritt Island. ‘‘He’s a part-time custodian,’’ said Jennifer Wolfinger, spokeswoman for the school dis-trict, adding that Bailey remains on the pay-roll. Officials are reviewing his employment records. Bailey wandered onto the Schlenker Auto-motive property on Friday, and using a .40- caliber handgun, started firing on workers, killing 50-year-old Schlenker employee Roger Lee Smith, Rockledge police said. Smith had stepped into the parking lot after he heard a shot that paralyzed a 25-year-old, unidentified co-worker, according to police. Police have not released the identity. Two other workers—both concealed weap-ons permit holders—confronted the gunman and engaged in a shootout that left the sus-pect wounded. Bailey continues to recover at Holmes Regional Medical Center in Mel-bourne. The shooting—which happened the day after Thanksgiving—left family members of the victim, a husband, father and grand-father, devastated. ‘‘He would do anything . . . anything for anybody. It hurts that somebody would hurt him,’’ said Bnickcole Smith, a 27-year-old niece of the victim. ‘‘That man took from us a longtime husband, a father figure and a grandfather. He loved being with his family and was such a fun, outgoing person. Person-ally, it’s just destroyed me.’’ Bailey, known to friends as a bouncer and a regular in the Cocoa Village pub scene, did not have any connections to the autoshop, police said. Police have not yet confirmed any criminal or medical history that might give insight into a possible motive. Others who knew Bailey, including a man-ager at the Dog and Bone British Pub, said he seemed to be acting differently lately. The manager said Bailey was fired from his job at the pub after Bailey confronted a pa-tron. Another manager suggested Bailey see a doctor after Bailey aired thoughts that he believed the patron had a gun and was at-tempting to kill him. ‘‘You could tell he had gone through some type of stress or disorder. He kept to him-self,’’ said 26-year-old Paul Lyal, who learned about the shooting late Sunday. Lyal said he met Bailey at the Dog and Bone British Pub several years ago. ‘‘Sometimes he would be quiet, other times out laughing with everyone. He would even do karaoke or just go upstairs and dance for hours,’’ Lyal recalled. ‘‘I’m just shocked like everyone else.’’ Rockledge detectives did not comment on Bailey’s injuries or surgery over the weekend to treat his wounds. Lou Schlenker, owner of the business that has operated in Rockledge for 36 years, re-leased a statement to Florida Today on Sun-day evening: ‘‘In this difficult time of mourning the loss of Roger and the severe injuries that (our other employee) has sustained, we would like 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:18 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06DE7.048 H06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9697 December 6, 2017 
to thank all of the community for the over-whelming support and prayers we have re-ceived. We know there will be a long healing process ahead of us but we want to reassure everyone that this is an organization full of dedicated, courageous, and heroic individ-uals serving this community,’’ the statement read. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. G
AETZ ), a member of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I don’t know why Democrats are so afraid to allow people to exercise the full extent of their con-stitutional rights. In my State, we have got 1.7 million concealed carry permit holders. Concealed carry permit holders in Florida are eight times less likely to commit crimes than members of law enforcement. I think the American people see that, if they had their way, we would take the bad acts of people who break the law and we would use that as an excuse to deprive law-abiding people of the full exercise of their rights. So I rise in support of the Constitu-tion and to correct a common mistake. The rights that are enumerated in the Constitution are not granted to the American people by government. These are God-given rights, and it is the gov-ernment’s duty to protect them for all citizens. For too long, the government has failed to protect the Constitution and has stripped law-abiding citizens of their freedom. States recognize driver’s licenses from other States, but no-where in the Constitution are they mentioned; yet States routinely deny carry permits from other States, in-cluding neighboring States, even though the Constitution explicitly states that the right of people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed. Mr. H
UDSON ’s good bill restores con-stitutional liberty. I am proud to join in sponsoring this legislation and to stand with the Constitution and against those who wish to dismantle it. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to remember the oath that they swore to uphold and defend the Constitution, and I would encourage them to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 38. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ) for the purpose of a unani-mous consent request. (Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, my friends on the other side of the aisle made a number of arguments about how, if everyone has a concealed weap-on, America will be safer. Mr. Speaker, I have two studies here which directly rebut that: A 2017 Stanford University study found that in States that adopted the most permissive concealed carry laws, violent crime is 13 to 15 percent higher than it would have been had the State retained a more restrictive law; A 2017 study by researchers at Boston University found that States with shall-issue laws had a 10.6 percent high-er handgun homicide rate, consistent with the results of the Stanford study. Both of those empirical studies dis-prove the claim that we make America safer if everyone carries a hidden, load-ed firearm. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. C
ROWLEY ), the distinguished chairman of the Democratic Caucus. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I must have missed something in my religious training. Were there 11 Com-mandments by God? I know about the first 10, but I missed that 11th one that thou shall have the ability to bear arms. I missed that one, that God- given right. Was it a God-given right for someone to take that God-given right and exe-cute 58 people at a concert? Was that a God-given right? Mr. Speaker, the American people have spoken with nearly a unanimous voice. They want Congress to keep their families safe by passing common-sense gun safety legislation, legislation that will keep guns out of the hands of criminals; protections that will keep those who want to cause terror in our churches, in our schools, at concerts, and in our communities from getting those firearms. The bill before us does the exact op-posite. It would force States like New York to weaken their own gun safety laws and allow concealed carry. It puts families like yours and mine at risk. And for what? To appease the NRA? That is shameful. In the 66 days since the Las Vegas massacre, Congress has done nothing, absolutely nothing, to address the clear loopholes in our laws that al-lowed one man to kill and injure so many. It has been 66 days since numerous Republicans denounced the bump stocks and promised a fix, only to turn around and do this bill. At a time when we have seen one horrific mass shoot-ing after another, Republicans are forc-ing through a bill that will put each and every American in harm’s way. What is more, this egregious proposal comes days before the fifth anniversary of the tragic shooting at Sandy Hook. This will put us in further danger of another Las Vegas, another Orlando, and another Sandy Hook. The Amer-ican people are sick and tired of this. They want this Congress to protect them, not enable criminals. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, may I ask how much time is remaining on each side. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa). The gentleman from Virginia has 11
3⁄4minutes remaining. The gentleman from New York has 13 minutes remaining. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. RUTHERFORD ), a member of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, in my 41 years of law enforcement, 12 years as a sheriff of Duval County, Florida, I can tell you I have seen many, many times where good, law-abiding citizens used legal firearms to stop dangerous people from harming them, their loved ones, and even their neighbors. Mr. Speaker, as a law enforcement professional, I want good people car-rying firearms. The Fraternal Order of Police that represents thousands of officers all across the United States of America supports good people carrying firearms. Do you know why? Because we know, as law enforcement officers we under-stand that, at our agencies, our pri-ority one response time target is 7 min-utes. In a life-and-death situation, we tar-get getting there in 7 minutes. That is in a well-policed community. I want to put Republicans, Democrats, and ev-eryone on notice that, for that 7 min-utes, you better be prepared to protect yourself. If an active shooter in a mall, in a school, in a church like we just saw in Sutherland Springs, Texas, is killing people, let’s say to the tune of five peo-ple per minute, that is an average of 35 dead, unarmed citizens before the po-lice can even arrive at the scene. Believe me, we want good, law-abid-ing citizens who are authorized to carry firearms to have the ability to intervene in a violent situation before law enforcement can even arrive at the scene. We need the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act to ensure that these good, law-abiding citizens can retain the constitutional right to bear arms legally across State lines and hopefully be able to stop a violent incident. Mr. Speaker, none of our other con-stitutional rights stop at a State line. Our Second Amendment rights should not stop at that line either. Mr. Speaker, I strongly encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 38 and save lives. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ). Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. We just heard some of our other col-leagues on the other side of the aisle speak about the God-given right to ap-parently carry a concealed, loaded fire-arm across State lines. What about the God-given right to live, to stay alive, and to be free from gun violence in this country? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE7.031 H06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9698 December 6, 2017 
We now have seen the two deadliest shootings in American history, 20 chil-dren slaughtered 5 years ago at Sandy Hook, and the list goes on and on. Our Republican colleagues will do nothing about it. They won’t pass uni-versal background checks. They won’t pass no fly, no buy to keep terrorists from being able to buy a gun. They won’t prevent bump stocks. But they are finally rising up to do something, and what is their answer? Let everyone in America carry a concealed, loaded firearm. Even people who are violent criminals, stalkers, and domestic abus-ers can carry a concealed firearm. Make no mistake about it. This legis-lation allows someone to go online. You don’t have to be a resident of the State, a State that has no protections. You don’t have to have training. You could be a criminal. You can go online and you get a permit in that State. You don’t have to be a resident. You only have to go there, and you can then travel America with a loaded, con-cealed firearm and overrule the will of the people of that State through their legislature to impose responsible limi-tations on it. b1530 It also endangers police officers who can be sued for having the audacity to ask someone if they actually have a permit and detain them. They have a cause of action against the police offi-cer and attorneys’ fees—unprecedented. This is the response to a country that is pleading for responsible gun safety legislation, that is living with the car-nage of gun violence and asking this Congress: Do something about it; pro-tect us from this violence. Our Republican colleagues muster up the courage to pay homage to the NRA and make it easier to sell guns so that people can carry concealed loaded fire-arms all across this country. Shame on you. Shame on you. You have a responsibility to work with us to protect our constituents from gun violence and to enact sensible gun safe-ty legislation that will reduce the inci-dents of gun violence. This will make it worse. The claim that somehow it makes it safer is refuted by all of the empirical evidence. You know it is. Shame on the Republicans. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman and other Members are re-minded to direct their remarks to the Chair. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. J
OHNSON ), who is a member of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in strong support of H.R. 38, the Concealed Carry Reci-procity Act of 2017. Our constitutional right to keep and bear arms should not be confined by State lines. Yet, currently, a person who has legally obtained a concealed carry permit in one State can be denied that right by simply crossing the State’s border. Consider my own home State of Lou-isiana. Our laws rightfully allow for li-censed carrying of concealed firearms. I am a concealed carry permit holder myself. When a Louisianian leaves the State, however, our valid concealed carry handgun permit becomes void, absent an agreement from the State we may be in or traveling through. The Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act that we vote upon today ensures that law-abiding citizens with a concealed carry permit are not denied their Sec-ond Amendment right simply because they travel to other States. The Con-stitution should know no such bound. It does so while also recognizing States’ rights by clearly noting that concealed carry holders must follow the law of each and every jurisdiction. As a constitutional law attorney my-self, it is critically important to me that the fundamental right of every law-abiding citizen to keep and bear arms is protected; and, yes, this legis-lation is about preserving our God- given freedoms. It is about public safe-ty, and it is about common sense. As noted, our letter by 23 States at-torneys general, including my own home State of Louisiana, affirms that concealed carry laws deter crime. As my friend and colleague, Sheriff Ruth-erford, just said here so well, he re-minded us that law enforcement wants the good guys to be armed. The Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act protects our Second Amendment right, and I encourage my colleagues to sup-port this important legislation. I want to thank Congressman HUDSON for in-troducing H.R. 38 and Chairman G
OOD-
LATTE for advancing this legislation through the House Judiciary Com-mittee. I am proud to be a part of this historic legislation. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. R
ASKIN ). Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, there have been 914 cases of non-self-defense killings by private citizens holding per-mits to carry concealed loaded hand-guns in the last 10 years, which trans-lates into 1,119 Americans dead by homicide, mass shooting, suicide, and murder of police officers under con-cealed carry permit laws in the States. In Florida, for example—I saw my friend, Mr. R
UTHERFORD , up there—in August, concealed handgun permit holder, Everett Miller, shot and killed two Kissimmee, Florida, police offi-cers. Now, if you want to give everybody the right to a concealed carry permit in your States, fine. But don’t impose that on the people of Maryland. We have got our own laws, thank you. Since January, we have had 397 gun massacres in America defined as a slaying of four people or more. Two of them—Las Vegas, which left 58 people dead, and Sutherland Springs, which left 26 people dead—are among the 10 worst massacres in American history by gun. The American people want to end this reign of terror. But what do our friends do on the other side? Do they bring us the universal criminal back-ground check legislation favored by more than 90 percent of the American people of every political party to plug the gun show loophole, the internet loophole, and the 7-Eleven parking lot loophole? No. Do they bring to the floor the bill to criminalize bump stocks which they promised to us? No. No such luck. In-stead, they bring forward a bill that would wipe out the vast majority of concealed carry laws in the United States of America, trampling States’ rights and wrecking all of the pains-taking work of legislatures all over the land dragging this down to the most lax and permissive State laws in the country. It is not a race to the bottom, it is a plunge to the bottom they have engineered here. This fraudulently named bill has nothing to do with reciprocity because States already have the power to nego-tiate reciprocity agreements, and 22 of them have it. Your bill destroys reciprocity. Your bill brings us down to the level of the lowest, most permissive laws in the country. My State doesn’t give con-cealed carry permits to domestic abus-ers, to violent offenders, and to dan-gerously unstable people. Don’t drag us down to the lowest level. Protect States’ rights. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CULBERSON ). Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, the difference of opinion on this bill viv-idly illustrates the profoundly dif-ferent world view of Democrats versus Republicans. Democrats instinctively trust the government and instinctively distrust individuals. Republicans in-stinctively distrust the government and trust the good hearts and good sense of individual Americans to be the best stewards of protecting themselves, their family, their property, and their freedoms. Our Founders understood this, and this is why the First Amendment pro-tects our freedom of conscience and the Second Amendment follows it imme-diately so that we, as free people, have the ability to protect ourselves—our freedom of conscience—against the overpowering force of the government. We in Texas enacted in 1995, while I was a member of the Texas house, a concealed carry law, and we have had now over 20 years of data. People can go to the Department of Texas Public Safety website and look under convic-tion rates and see that the concealed carry permit holders in Texas, over the last 22 years, are 21 times less likely to commit a crime than the average Tex-ans. The 7 minutes Sheriff Rutherford just mentioned to us are a lifetime, if you or your family or neighbors are at risk of attack. The individual law-abid-ing American who is carrying a con-cealed weapon has had a background check, they have been trained in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06DE7.051 H06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9699 December 6, 2017 
use of the weapon, and they know the law. We all, as Americans, should work together to preserve the Second Amendment right of every American to keep and bear arms no matter what State they are in. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to sup-port this important legislation. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Texas (Mr. O’R
OURKE ). Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Like so many Texans, I grew up in a household that honored a tradition of gun ownership for hunting, for collec-tion, and for sportsmanship, and also honored gun safety. I was taught to shoot by my uncle, Raymond O’Rourke, jail captain and the chief marksman in the El Paso County Sher-iff’s Office. I also live in a State that has a li-cense to carry process which requires safety training, though 18 States do not. Texas requires that someone who has a license to carry be 21 years or older, though 15 States do not. Texas requires that those who abuse their partners not be allowed to have a li-cense to carry, though 14 States do not. Texas does not grant licenses to vio-lent offenders, though 22 States do. Texas does not grant licenses to people convicted of stalking, though 21 other States do. What H.R. 38 does, Mr. Speaker, is it subjects every Texan and every El Pasoan whom I represent to the lowest common denominator in the United States. It will make our State less— not more—safe. That is why I oppose H.R. 38, and I ask all my colleagues to join me in doing the same. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 15 seconds to point out that the attorney general of the State of Texas has signed a letter, along with 22 other State attorneys general, in support of this legislation and pointing out that authorized permit holders to carry across State lines will not result in an increased risk of crime. Further, strong evidence indicates that con-cealed carry permit holders actually deter and reduce crime. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
UELLAR ), who is the lead Democratic cosponsor of this legislation. Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, as one of the lead spon-sors for the Fix NICS Act of 2017, I rise in support of this legislation which has been combined with the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act, which is, again, another section that I support, also. On the Fix NICS Act, I certainly want to thank Senator C
ORNYN , Rep-resentatives C
ULBERSON , E STY, C OS-
TELLO , and A GUILAR for their leader-ship on this particular issue that we have been working on. A few weeks ago, 26 members of the Sutherland Springs community, which is in my district, were killed by some-one who should have never had access to firearms. The investigation into the shooter revealed that the shooter had a criminal history. The Defense Depart-ment and the Air Force missed six times—six times—where the criminal justice process should have reported the history to the NICS database. As of 2016, the Air Force, which should have entered the Sutherland Springs shooter’s criminal informa-tion, entered a total of one active record in the NICS record. If the Air Force would have met the minimum obligations, then the gunman never would have been able to legally pur-chase a firearm. This is why we intro-duced the Fix NICS Act of 2017. This legislation ensures that Federal and State authorities comply with ex-isting laws to accurately report rel-evant criminal history—accurately re-port these records to the NICS. It also provides consequences for Federal agencies who fail to report the relevant records and ensure that States improve their overall reporting. The Fix NICS Act is an important step to ensure that people like the Sutherland Springs shooter never slip through the cracks of the NICS database again. As to the reciprocity part of it, again, I know that both sides have spo-ken on that, but, again, as a supporter of the Second Amendment, I believe that the Second Amendment doesn’t stop at political State lines. It is part of the U.S. Constitution and should apply across. So, again, I rise in support of this legislation, and I ask my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from California (Mr. THOMP -
SON), who is the chairman of the Gun Violence Prevention Task Force. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this dangerous bill. I asked my local law enforcement what they thought of folks from out of State who don’t meet our local requirements coming into our communities with loaded concealed firearms. These are the folks who are on the front lines of fighting gun vio-lence, and we should listen to what they have to say. Our Sonoma County sheriff opposes this bill and says it would negatively affect our community and put citizens and his deputies in greater danger. The chief of police from my home-town in St. Helena said: As a lifelong proponent of the ability to own, pos-sess, and carry firearms within the pro-visions of the law, I am wholeheartedly against H.R. 38. Like many of us, he asks: How long will it take before someone who can’t meet the legal requirements to con-cealed carry in California goes to some other State with little or no standards and gets a permit from that State? Our chief of police in Martinez op-poses this bill and says that it is a race to the bottom. Overwhelmingly, law enforcement in my district strongly oppose this bill. Moreover, there is a reason no major law enforcement organizations have come out in support of this bill. It is dangerous, and it is unnecessary. I think my colleagues should stand with law enforcement—the people that keep us and our families safe—and op-pose this bill. Every example that was given from my friends across the aisle doesn’t pertain to this bill. They talk about, in their States, concealed carry. Texas was the last one. In Texas, there is a standard you have to meet to get a concealed carry permit. If this bill passes, you erase that standard. Somebody from out of State who is a violent criminal can come in with a loaded concealed firearm in the State of Texas. Someone who is a criminal in the State of Texas, where there are rules, can go to another State, get a concealed carry permit, and bring that loaded, concealed fire-arm into the State of Texas. This is bad policy, and it should be opposed. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DUNN). Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 38, the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act. This common-sense legislation ensures that our Sec-ond Amendment rights don’t end when we cross State lines. We are all aware of the story of Shaneen Allen, a mother of three who was pulled over in New Jersey after committing a minor traffic violation. She told the police legally that she had a handgun on her person and a con-cealed carry permit. She was unaware that the permit was not transferable to New Jersey, and she had no prior criminal record. Nonetheless, she spent 40 days in a jail cell. Americans like Shaneen are exposed to real risks of accidentally breaking the law of another State simply by ex-ercising their constitutional right. This bill ensures that valid concealed carry permits from one State are valid in all other States. b1545 It creates legal protections for law- abiding gun owners against States that violate this statute. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support this important leg-islation and to show the American peo-ple the Second Amendment is safe with us. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from New York has 6 minutes remaining. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY ). Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, we have a gun vio-lence epidemic in this country. It is glaringly obvious to anyone pay-ing attention that our Federal gun safety laws are pathetically weak and in major need of improvement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06DE7.053 H06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9700 December 6, 2017 
So what is this House doing about it? Working to pass a bill that com-pletely undermines gun safety laws and puts more guns on the street and more lives at risk. Believe me, if more guns made this country safer, we would be the safest country on Earth. We are far from it. Under this bill, someone who couldn’t get a concealed carry permit in New York would now be able to carry concealed guns into New York State or any State, as long as they have a permit from another State. This completely eviscerates State-level gun safety laws and puts us all at the mercy of the weakest gun safety laws in the country. This bill is opposed by major law en-forcement organizations across this country. I urge this body to listen to their advice and vote against this reck-less assault on State and local gun safety laws. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. B
UDD). Mr. BUDD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of Mr. H
UDSON ’s Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act. As things stand, each State currently determines its own concealed carry reciprocity laws. Some States don’t recognize concealed carry permits from other States. This forces lawful gun owners to sometimes surrender their Second Amendment rights when they are traveling. The current system has created acci-dental criminals, ruined lives, and pun-ished gun owners simply because they fell victim to complexity and uncer-tainty in the law. My colleague’s bill addresses this problem by bringing much-needed clar-ity to the system. H.R. 38 is a simple proposal, but a necessary one. If en-acted, it will allow lawful gun owners to carry their firearm into other States that allow concealed carry. This inter-state recognition of concealed carry would be very similar to a driver’s li-cense. H.R. 38 would not create national standards for concealed carry or take away a State’s right to govern their own concealed carry laws, like some might claim. No. This bill simply uses Congress’ 14th Amendment power to protect people’s constitutional rights from State abuse. Samuel Adams said: ‘‘The Constitu-tion shall never be construed . . . to prevent the people of the United States who are peaceable citizens from keep-ing their own arms.’’ This powerful line from Mr. Adams sums up my feelings on this bill much better than I can. I thank Mr. H
UDSON for his steadfast leadership on this issue. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. D
EMINGS ). Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, one of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle from Florida talked about the 1.7 million concealed weapons permits that are issued in Florida. Let me make it quite clear that those permits are issued to Floridians for Floridians, not to any person from any State at any time who wants to bring a gun into Florida. Different from my colleague, Mr. Speaker, I rise today to advocate for the safety of every American and for the safety of our first responders, who are entrusted with that awesome re-sponsibility. As Members of Congress, our ques-tion should be: What can we all do to make living in America safer? Every day, law enforcement officers risk their lives to keep our commu-nities safe. Last week, I was honored that the House passed the Law En-forcement Mental Health and Wellness Act unanimously. Police officers have a tough job, and I think we can all agree on this point: the job is getting tougher. Mr. Speaker, we must ask ourselves: Why would any Member, Republican or Democrat, support this legislation that would make a police officer’s job hard-er, more dangerous, and open our offi-cers up to personal liability for simply doing their jobs? This reckless piece of legislation would allow persons from outside your State to bring their firearms anywhere, including school zones, without apply-ing the guidelines, laws, restrictions, or oversight of your State. Mr. Speaker, I want you to envision this situation from the perspective of a law enforcement officer. An out-of- state, armed individual is stopped by that officer. Maybe that individual’s li-cense is legitimate, maybe it is not. The officer is on the side of the road, facing an armed individual, trying to figure out whether the individual’s per-mit is authentic, which the officer is obligated to do. If the permit is fake, failing to stop that individual puts the community at risk. If the permit is real, stopping the individual has opened the officer up to potential personal liability. In the last year, I have heard my col-leagues on the other side talk about how we should better empower States to decide what is in their own best in-terest. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentle-woman from Florida. Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, this legislation strips individual States of their power and puts our public safety officers in legal and personal jeopardy. Supporting this legislation is reck-less and irresponsible. As a former chief of police, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 38. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time is remaining on each side? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Virginia has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. The gentleman from New York has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Maine (Mr. P
OLIQUIN ). Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, for gen-erations, Maine families have enjoyed the great outdoors. That means hunt-ing, fishing, camping, and hiking. That is part of who we are as a people. That is part of our way of life. Part of that way of life is responsibly and lawfully owning firearms. We are comfortable with them. We have been for generations. Mr. Speaker, Mr. H
UDSON ’s bill, the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act of 2017, is a commonsense fix to a patch-work of State laws that will confuse, and do confuse, law-abiding Americans who have valid concealed carry permits issued by their own States when they want to travel to or through other States that have different concealed carry laws. I want to make this very clear: H.R. 38 does not allow travel as long as the holder of a concealed carry license does not obey the laws of the States that he or she is traveling to. I read directly, Mr. Speaker, from the statute: ‘‘This bill shall not be construed to supersede or limit the laws of any State.’’ So the other side of the aisle just needs to make sure they get this ex-actly right, because they have not been correct on this fact. Mr. Speaker, Mr. H
UDSON ’s bill actu-ally additionally strengthens existing regulations by requiring Federal Gov-ernment agencies to promptly and ac-curately require a reporting to the FBI someone who is mentally ill, someone who has committed a serious crime, or someone who is in the country illegally and should not have a firearm. This bill is a commonsense bill that will help law-abiding Americans enjoy their Second Amendment right, their outdoor sporting activities, and help keep our families safer. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from New York has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, this bill is advanced I am not sure in the name of what, but what it is going to do is make us less safe and to overrule all our States. Under this bill, someone who lives in New York could go to another State— doesn’t even have to go to another State; just apply to the other State, get a concealed carry permit from that State, never set foot in that State, and then use it in New York; thus, over-riding New York’s laws. We have heard it said that this bill is necessary to protect the Second Amendment constitutional rights of gun owners. But the fact is, there is no Second Amendment constitutional right for concealed carry. In the District of Columbia v. Heller case in which the Supreme Court said that the Second Amendment estab-lished a personal right, Justice Scalia’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06DE7.055 H06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9701 December 6, 2017 
opinion held that the Second Amend-ment was not unlimited, a variety of gun regulations were entirely con-sistent with the Constitution, and he said: 
The majority of American courts to con-sider the question have held that prohibi-tions on carrying concealed weapons were lawful under the Second Amendment for State analogues. 
So the Second Amendment argument is simply wrong or disingenuous. But let me say also that we are living in an epidemic of gun violence. 33,000 Americans are killed every year, and 30,000 more every year. No other coun-try approaches this. No country—other than those at war—in peacetime has more than 300 or 400, or even 100 or 72, and we have 33,000. It is not because of mental illness. It is because of the presence of large numbers of gun. A 2017 Stanford University study found a direct correlation with the most permissive concealed carry laws and violent crime. General studies have shown a direct correlation of the pres-ence of the number of guns and murder rates by guns. So this is a bill that is a death sen-tence for many Americans. That is what this bill is. It is a death sentence without trial for many Americans by increasing the danger of guns by over-ruling States that fear and that we don’t want concealed weapons on the New York City subway or the Chicago metro or other places of great con-centrations of people. But no, we, in our wisdom, are going to say the States with the least restric-tive, perhaps most rural, maybe sen-sible restrictions for them, will impose those restrictions on other States. It is wrong. It is a death sentence for many Americans. It ought not pass. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. S
CHWEIKERT ) for the purpose of closing the argument. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, we all have subjects that we find fas-cinating. For 25 years, I have actually kept files of abstracts on this because I ac-tually participated in writing Arizona’s 1993 concealed carry law. I desperately wish this was an intel-lectually honest conversation about the data, because we all want our com-munities and families to be safer. I be-lieve I can show you the statistical ab-stract data. In States like Arizona, adjusted for population, the violent use of firearms is almost one-half of what it was before the adoption of our concealed carry law. Now, was concealed carry responsible for that? Of course, not. But it is a factor. Some of it is mental health, some of it is law enforcement, some of it is incar-ceration. It is complicated. But if you actually look at these data abstracts of crime statistics in the United States on the misuse of firearms, it turns out that States that have adopted con-cealed carry compared to States that have gone other directions, States that adopted have gotten safer. There is actually some brilliant arti-cles when you compare Florida and Illi-nois: big, populated, demographically complex States. Florida has gotten dramatically safer. Illinois has not. If you really love our families, love our communities, this needs to be an intellectually sound discussion of what factors make us safer as a society. I be-lieve this bill leads us in that direc-tion. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I oppose H.R. 38, the Concealed Carry Reci-procity Act. While I am opposed to restricting law abid-ing citizens’ access to firearms, I feel that this bill does not adequately address many of the requirements that states have instituted in passing their own concealed carry laws. I am a big supporter of concealed carry and was the lead author of a bill in 1991 in the State Senate to create local concealed carry. The way this bill is written would strip many protections that are currently afforded to Tex-ans. Texas has many requirements for a person to be able to get that license including live-fire training. As a state, we also bar convicted do-mestic abusers and those convicted of violent crimes and stalking. Under this bill, an indi-vidual who had committed those crimes could conceal carry their weapon in Texas if they got their permit from a neighboring state that lacked these requirements for concealed carry like Mississippi. It is for these reasons that I do not support this bill as it is currently written. If we are going to create a federal reci-procity standard for concealed carry it should be a standard that takes into account many of the protections individual states have created. I would proudly vote in support of a bill that addressed these standing issues. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B OST). All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 645, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. b1600 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. THOMPSON of California. I am opposed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Thompson of California moves to re-commit the bill H.R. 38 to the Committee on the Judiciary with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendments: Page 1, line 13, strike ‘‘(a)’’ and insert ‘‘(a)(1)’’. Page 2, line 10, strike ‘‘(1)’’ and insert ‘‘(A)’’. Page 2, line 13, strike ‘‘(2)’’ and insert ‘‘(B)’’. Page 2, after line 15, insert the following: ‘‘(2)(A) A person who has been convicted of a violent crime within the preceding three years may not possess or carry a concealed handgun under this section in a State that by law prohibits a person from doing so on the basis of a conviction for such offense. ‘‘(B) For purposes of subparagraph (A), the term ‘violent crime’ means any offense that involves injury or the threat of injury to the person of another. ‘‘(C) What constitutes a conviction of such a crime shall be determined in accordance with the law of the jurisdiction in which the proceedings were held. Any conviction which has been expunged, or set aside or for which a person has been pardoned or has had civil rights restored shall not be considered a con-viction for purposes of this paragraph, unless such pardon, expungement, or restoration of civil rights expressly provides that the per-son may not ship, transport, possess, or re-ceive firearms.’’. Mr. THOMPSON of California (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that the reading be dis-pensed with. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes in support of his motion. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill nor send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately pro-ceed to final passage, as amended. Mr. Speaker, next week will be the fifth anniversary of the hideous mass murder at Sandy Hook Elementary, where 20 kids and six educators were slaughtered in their classroom. This year, we have witnessed two of the worst mass shootings in recent American history: in Las Vegas, Ne-vada, and in Sutherland Springs, Texas. Every day more than 30 people are killed by someone using a gun. This should be a call to action for everyone to work together to help prevent gun violence. That is why 90 percent of Americans support strengthening our gun laws, not weakening them. Let’s be clear about what this Con-gress is going to do today. Instead of taking serious action on bump stocks or expanding background checks, the majority party is undermining the very laws that work to prevent gun vio-lence. For example, some States allow peo-ple who have been convicted of some violent crimes to carry a loaded, con-cealed firearm. Thirty States and the District of Co-lumbia currently deny permits to peo-ple convicted of those violent crimes, such as assault and battery, threat-ening, or crimes committed with a weapon. So if you are from any of these States—Alaska, California, Con-necticut, Delaware, Florida, Hawaii, Il-linois, Iowa, Kentucky, Louisiana, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06DE7.056 H06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9702 December 6, 2017 
Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Ne-braska, Nevada, New Jersey, New Mex-ico, New York, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Texas, Utah, Virginia, West Virginia, or the District of Columbia—a vote for this underlying bill is a vote to under-mine your own State gun violence pre-vention policy, because this bill says that, even if your State prohibits its own residents who have been convicted of certain violent crimes, you can’t prohibit someone from another State with the same criminal record from carrying a loaded, concealed firearm if their State allows it. This motion to recommit would state that a person who has been convicted of a violent crime within the preceding 3 years may not possess or carry a con-cealed handgun in a State that pro-hibits a person from doing so on the basis of a conviction for that very same offense. This would be people convicted of crimes such as resisting arrest, as-sault, permitting sexual abuse of a minor, aggravated assault, or violation of a criminal sexual assault protection order—all violent crimes. An ‘‘aye’’ vote on this motion to re-commit is a pro-States’ rights, pro- Second Amendment, and anticriminal vote. I am a gun owner. I have been all of my life. I am not opposed to concealed carry, but I am opposed to violent criminals having guns, and Members should be, too. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to sup-port this motion to recommit; and if they vote against it, they are voting to allow violent criminals, convicted criminals, to carry loaded, concealed firearms in their community, in their State, and in their district. That is wrong. We should prohibit that from happening. It is a real easy fix. It could have been fixed in committee. It could have been fixed in committee. They could have taken care of the concerns that they have with the restrictions on con-cealed carry, and they could have stopped criminals, convicted criminals, from carrying loaded, concealed fire-arms. But the committee didn’t do it. We have a chance now. It is the last chance to do it before this bill comes to a vote. I urge my friends on both sides of the aisle to vote for this motion to recommit. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to the mo-tion to recommit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, with this motion to recommit, my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle are trying in vain to hamper the pas-sage of this important legislation. H.R. 38 seeks to allow law-abiding citizens the ability to exercise their Second Amendment right when they cross State lines. The Supreme Court held in District of Columbia v. Heller that the Second Amendment protects an individual’s right to possess a firearm unconnected with service in a militia and to use that firearm for traditionally lawful purposes, such as self-defense. Further, the Court concluded that the Second Amendment guarantees the individual right to possess and carry weapons in case of confrontation, and that central to this right is the ‘‘inherent right of self-defense.’’ Additionally, in McDonnell v. City of Chicago, the Supreme Court ruled that the right of an individual to ‘‘keep and bear arms,’’ as protected under the Second Amendment, is incorporated by the Due Process Clause of the 14th Amendment against the States. An individual’s Second Amendment right is no different than the First Amendment’s protections on speech and free exercise of religious expres-sion and the Fourth Amendment’s pro-hibition against unreasonable search and seizure or the Eighth Amendment’s prohibition of cruel and unusual pun-ishment. Can you imagine my colleagues’ out-cries if any of the aforementioned rights stopped at their State’s borders? Believe me, I can. They would be loud and boisterous about it, and justifiably so. Despite that fact, here they are try-ing to derail a bill that affords the Sec-ond Amendment the same respect. Now, this motion to recommit at-tempts to extend the law, the Federal law, which already bars people from having firearms if they have been con-victed of a felony or misdemeanor do-mestic violence crimes, by saying any violent crime be covered. And they de-fine violent crime by saying it means ‘‘any offense that involves injury or the threat of injury to the person of another.’’ Well, in my State of Virginia and in most other States, it is up to the police officer in a traffic accident, if you rear- end somebody and you injure them, whether or not you are simply charged with a traffic offense or you are charged with a criminal offense. That should not be the basis of denying somebody their Second Amendment rights under the United States Con-stitution. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this motion to recommit and support the underlying bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by 5-minute votes on: Passage of the bill, if ordered; and The motion to suspend the rules and agree to H. Con. Res. 90. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 190, nays 236, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 662] YEAS—190 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NAYS—236 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06DE7.060 H06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9703 December 6, 2017 
Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—6 
Bridenstine Brownley (CA) Kennedy Pocan Rice (SC) Suozzi 
b1634 Messrs. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, BISHOP of Michigan, Ms. GRANGER, Messrs. RUTHERFORD, and HARRIS changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. BLUMENAUER and BLUM changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 231, noes 198, not voting 4, as follows: [Roll No. 663] AYES—231 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Ryan (WI) Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—198 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Buck Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gohmert Gomez Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—4 
Bridenstine Brownley (CA) Kennedy Pocan 
b1642 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
CONDEMNING ETHNIC CLEANSING OF ROHINGYA AND CALLING FOR AN END TO ATTACKS IN AND AN IMMEDIATE RESTORATION OF HUMANITARIAN ACCESS TO RAKHINE, BURMA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 90) condemning ethnic cleansing of the Rohingya and calling for an end to the attacks in and an immediate restora-tion of humanitarian access to the state of Rakhine in Burma, as amend-ed, on which the yeas and nays were or-dered. The Clerk read the title of the con-current resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE7.027 H06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9704 December 6, 2017 
ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent reso-lution, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 423, nays 3, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 664] YEAS—423 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—3 
Biggs Jones Massie 
NOT VOTING—6 
Aguilar Bridenstine Brownley (CA) Kennedy Larsen (WA) Pocan 
b1650 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the concurrent resolution, as amended, was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The title of the concurrent resolution was amended so as to read: ‘‘Concur-rent resolution condemning ethnic cleansing of the Rohingya and calling for an end to the violence in and an im-mediate restoration of humanitarian access to the state of Rakhine in Burma.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 477, SMALL BUSINESS MERG-ERS, ACQUISITIONS, SALES, AND BROKERAGE SIMPLIFICATION ACT OF 2017; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3971, COMMUNITY INSTITUTION MORT-GAGE RELIEF ACT OF 2017; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.J. RES 123, FURTHER CON-TINUING APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 MR. WOODALL, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–443) on the resolution (H. Res. 647) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 477) to amend the Securi-ties Exchange Act of 1934 to exempt from registration brokers performing services in connection with the trans-fer of ownership of smaller privately held companies; providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 3971) to amend the Truth in Lending Act and the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 to modify the requirements for community financial institutions with respect to certain rules relating to mortgage loans, and for other purposes; and providing for consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 123) making further continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2018, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Cal-endar and ordered to be printed. f 
CELEBRATING THE BATAVIA BULLDOGS’ ILLINOIS STATE FOOTBALL CHAMPIONSHIP (Mr. HULTGREN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Batavia High School Bulldogs football team on win-ning the Illinois Class 7A State Cham-pionship. Holding off the undefeated Lake Zurich Bears and winning the thrilling final in overtime, the team ended the season with an overall 13 and 1 record. Crucial to the victory was quarter-back Riley Cooper. The senior com-pleted 28 of 42 passes for 295 yards and 3 touchdowns in the championship game. The final score was a 10-yard touch-down pass to Tommy Stuttle in over-time, securing the 21–14 win at Huskie Stadium in DeKalb. Leading the team throughout a great regular season and playoff run was Coach Dennis Piron, who has headed the team since 2010, and who is a 1983 Batavia graduate. This is the school’s first State cham-pionship since 2013. Students who cheered their siblings and friends on the 2013 Bulldogs team are now car-rying the torch and celebrating their own victory as members of the 2017 team. Congratulations, Batavia Bulldogs, past and present, for your achieve-ments. Your success is well deserved. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06DE7.066 H06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9705 December 6, 2017 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF NAOMI LAUTER (Ms. PELOSI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the extraordinary life and legacy of my dear friend Naomi Lauter, who died on December 4, in her beloved San Francisco. Naomi lived her life in the spirit of ‘‘world repair,’’ ‘‘tikkun olam,’’ dedi-cated to making the world a better place by fighting for values, ideas, and issues we all hold most dear. Born and raised in San Francisco, Naomi attended Lowell High School, UC Berkeley, and San Francisco State University. Her parents, Rose and Louis Ets- Hokin, were prominent leaders in the San Francisco Jewish community. Their activism, particularly that of her mother, who brought food, entertain-ment, and joy to America’s service-members in San Francisco during World War II, inspired Naomi’s own commitment to the causes of equality and justice. Naomi’s political activism began in the 1950s in the civil rights and labor movements, most prominently by working with Cesar Chavez and the Farmworkers. Her grassroots organizing and mobi-lizing helped in the fight to end seg-regation and to expand access to qual-ity education for all. Her commitment to upholding the dignity of every person knew no bounds. Naomi and her husband of 61 years, Bob, were fierce supporters of Israel and worked tirelessly to strengthen the U.S.-Israel relationship. Naomi was a pillar of the San Francisco Jewish community, where she was dedicated to forging connections between young Jewish Americans and the State of Israel. Her leadership in spearheading the San Francisco Holocaust Memorial and training generations of volunteers around the country will benefit the Jewish community for years to come. In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I say that many political and civic leaders depended on Naomi’s wise counsel, and with her passing, they have lost a dear friend. We will all profoundly miss her warmth and wonderful leadership. Above all, Naomi was passionate about her family; her husband, Bob; her four beautiful children, David Jon-athan, Sarah, and Sam; and her grand-children and great-grandchildren. Our families were close neighbors and remain good friends. The Pelosi family was welcomed to many Shabbat and Passover Seder dinners with the Lauter family, and they joined us for Christ-mas. We celebrated together, just as we organized and worked together. May it bring comfort to the Lauter family that so many share their sorrow at the passing of this much beloved and inspiring woman. POVERTY IN SUBURBAN COMMUNITIES IS ON THE RISE (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, when one thinks of poverty, it is likely they envision poverty in an urban or maybe a rural setting; and it may come as a surprise, but poverty in suburban com-munities is on the rise. In fact, the number of people living in poverty outside of the Twin Cities’ urban core in Minnesota increased 93 percent between 2000 and 2015. The suburbs are often thought of as places of comfort, if not wealth. How-ever, when considering suburban areas, it is estimated there are more than 187,000 people in poverty in the Twin Cities. Organizations within our commu-nity, like People Reaching Out to Peo-ple, PROP; the Lakewinds Food Co-op; Southwest News Media; and Chanhassen DECA students, Mark Self, Brian Taylor, and Alex Walther, are shedding light on the issues of subur-ban poverty and making a difference. Mr. Speaker, the holiday season that we are in now is a time to come to-gether and think about others who may need a little extra help and generosity. It is the perfect time to start helping neighbors and friends in our commu-nities who are struggling. Awareness is just the first step. Taking action should follow. 
f 
DENOUNCING CONCEALED CARRY RECIPROCITY (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, New Jer-sey has one of the ten lowest firearm death rates in the country. That is be-cause the people of my State have set the bar high for public safety. The bill my Republican colleagues just passed would undermine the will of the people and make New Jersey less safe. Mr. Speaker, in New Jersey, gun owners who want to carry a concealed weapon in public must meet stringent public safety requirements and have a really good reason to carry a concealed weapon loaded while in public. The people of my State can feel se-cure because they know that the people licensed to carry these guns in public are carrying their guns safely and re-sponsibly. Mr. Speaker, the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act is the peak of Federal overreach. It is a special interest bill from the NRA that will overturn laws and undermine the safety of the State of New Jersey. Today’s vote was bad for New Jersey and bad for our Nation. b1700 WATER FOR THE WORLD (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, when we turn on the tap, clean water flows out and we hardly even think about it. The same thing happens when we turn on the shower or flush the toilet. But for a lot of the world, this just isn’t true. According to the USAID, over 700 million people lack dependable access to clean water. But it is not just water. One in three people don’t have access to a toilet. Many don’t know the basic hygiene practices. As a result, over 800 children a day die. However, progress has been made. The Water for the World Act that Rep-resentative BLUMENAUER and I au-thored in the 113th Congress made great strides to guarantee safe water, sanitation, and hygiene to everyone. But there is still work to be done. Eighty percent of the countries receiv-ing aid report that water issues re-main. The poor still lack water and sanitation. With our God-given re-sources, we have an obligation and a privilege to make sure people receive the basic of life: clean water. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
CONCEALED CARRY (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, next week is the fifth anni-versary of the tragedy at Sandy Hook Elementary School. Just over 2 months ago, a mass shooter took the lives of 58 at a concert in Las Vegas; and 31 days ago, Sutherland Springs, Texas, was changed forever. But just minutes ago, my Republican colleagues memorialized those deaths by passing a bill that would increase the risk of this happening in commu-nities like yours and mine. To pass a bill written by the NRA at the expense of the safety and security of residents and law enforcement is an absolute dis-grace. To allow people, including those with dangerous histories, to carry hidden, loaded guns anywhere across the coun-try is simply shameful. First, by stripping healthcare and now this, it seems that the Republican agenda is fostering death over life. 
f 
SUPPORTING CONCEALED CARRY (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support H.R. 38, the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act of 2017, which passed the House with a bipartisan vote a few moments ago. As the Representative of a district with a large number of law-abiding 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06DE7.068 H06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9706 December 6, 2017 
firearm owners, I know many individ-uals who have concealed carry permits use their firearm for personal protec-tion. This commonsense measure would also allow qualified law-abiding citi-zens who have obtained concealed carry permits to carry their firearms across State lines and in other States. Since 1991, the number of concealed carry permits has increased dramati-cally, while the violent crime rates have dropped nearly 51 percent, accord-ing to the Bureau of Justice Statistics. Additionally, the fix on the so-called NICS provision of the legislation would add an extra layer of accountability to the National Instant Criminal Back-ground Check System for individuals who are legally prohibited from obtain-ing a firearm. As one of the leading advocates for Second Amendment rights in New York State, I was the first to introduce a full repeal of Governor Andrew Cuomo’s gun-grabbing so-called SAFE Act. I firmly believe that our Second Amend-ment rights are God-given by the Con-stitution and something we need to de-fend each and every day. 
f 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: H.R. 228. An act to amend the Indian Em-ployment, Training and Related Services Demonstration Act of 1992 to facilitate the ability of Indian tribes to integrate the em-ployment, training, and related services from diverse Federal sources, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 5 o’clock and 4 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House ad-journed until tomorrow, Thursday, De-cember 7, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morning- hour debate. 
h 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the fourth quar-ter of 2017, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, JANICE ROBINSON, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 15 AND OCT. 22, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Janice Robinson ....................................................... 10 /16 10 /18 Netherlands ................................ .......... .................... 1,060.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,060.00 10 /18 10 /20 Jordan ................................................... .................... 781.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 781.00 10 /20 10 /22 Germany ................................................ .................... 645.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 645.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 2,486.00 .................... .................... .................... ................ .... .................... 2,486.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. JANICE C. ROBINSON, Nov. 7, 2017. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, JENNIFER A. HEMINGWAY, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 27 AND OCT. 31, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Jennifer A. Hemingway ............................................ 10 /27 10 /28 Estonia ......................................... ......... .................... 259.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 259.00 10 /28 10 /31 Czech Republic ..................................... .................... 1,189.20 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,189.20 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 1,448.20 .................... .................... .................... ................ .... .................... 1,448.20 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. JENNIFER A. HEMINGWAY, Nov. 28, 2017. h 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3301. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter au-thorizing eighteen officers to wear the insig-nia of the grade of brigadier general, pursu-ant to 10 U.S.C. 777(b)(3)(B); Public Law 104- 106, Sec. 503(a)(1) (as added by Public Law 108-136, Sec. 509(a)(3)); (117 Stat. 1458); to the Committee on Armed Services. 3302. A letter from the PRAO Branch Chief, Food and Nutrition Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Child Nutrition Programs: Flexibilities for Milk, Whole Grains, and So-dium Requirements [FNS-2017-0021] (RIN: 0584-AE53) received December 6, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 3303. A letter from the Acting Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pen-sion Benefit Guaranty Corporation, trans-mitting the Corporation’s final rule — Bene-fits Payable in Terminated Single-Employer Plans; Interest Assumptions for Paying Ben-efits received November 29, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 3304. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Quinclorac; Pesticide Toler-ances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2016-0384; FRL-9970-05] received December 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 3305. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Pseudomonas fluorescens 4- hydroxyphenylpyruvate dioxygenase (HPPD- 4); Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2017-0115; FRL-9969- 94] received December 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 3306. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Protection of Strato-spheric Ozone: Revision to References for Re-frigeration and Air Conditioning Sector to Incorporate Latest Edition of Certain Indus-try, Consensus-based Standards [EPA-HQ- OAR-2017-0472; FRL-9968-24-OAR] (RIN: 2060- AT53) received December 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 3307. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Prometryn; Pesticide Toler-ances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2016-0495; FRL-9970-01] received December 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 3308. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06DE7.070 H06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9707 December 6, 2017 
Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Bacillus thuringiensis Cry14Ab-1 Protein in or on Soybean; Tem-porary Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2017-0113; FRL-9970- 43] received December 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 3309. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval of Air Quality Im-plementation Plans; New York; Cross-State Air Pollution Rule; NOx Annual and SO2 Group 1 Trading Programs [EPA-R02-OAR- 2017-0425; FRL-9971-25-Region 2] received De-cember 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3310. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s withdrawal of direct final rule — Ap-proval and Promulgation of Air Quality Im-plementation Plans; West Virginia; 2015 Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Stand-ards [EPA-R03-OAR-2017-0413; FRL-9971-40- Region 3] received December 1, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3311. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; AK: Up-dates to Materials Incorporated by Reference [EPA-R10-OAR-2017-0554; FRL-9970-27-Region 10] received December 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 3312. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 17-55, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 3313. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 17-64, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 3314. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 17-0A, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(5)(C) of the Arms Export Con-trol Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3315. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Agriculture, transmitting the De-partment’s Office of Inspector General Semi-annual Report to Congress for the period ending September 30, 2017, pursuant to Sec. 5 of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3316. A letter from the Deputy Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting the De-partment’s Office of Inspector General Semi-annual Report to Congress for the period April 1, 2017, through September 30, 2017, pur-suant to Sec. 5 of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3317. A letter from the Executive Analyst (Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a notification of a discontinuation of service in acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105- 277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 3318. A letter from the Executive Analyst (Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a notification of a discontinuation of service in acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105- 277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 3319. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for General Law, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting three noti-fications of a nomination and discontinu-ation of service in acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 3320. A letter from the Deputy General Counsel for Operations, Department of Hous-ing and Urban Development, transmitting two notifications of a designation of acting officer and discontinuation of service in act-ing role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3321. A letter from the Deputy General Counsel for Operations, Department of Hous-ing and Urban Development, transmitting a notification of a nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 3322. A letter from the Deputy General Counsel for Operations, Department of Hous-ing and Urban Development, transmitting a notification of a nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 3323. A letter from the Director of Presi-dential Appointments, Department of State, transmitting ten (10) notifications of a va-cancy, designation of acting officer, nomina-tion, action on nomination, discontinuation of service in acting role, and change in pre-viously submitted reported information, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3324. A letter from the Acting Chairman, Federal Trade Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Inspector General Semiannual Report to Congress, for the period April 1, 2017, through September 30, 2017, pursuant to Sec. 5 of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3325. A letter from the Acting Adminis-trator, General Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s annual Agency Financial Report for FY 2017, pursu-ant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107- 289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 3326. A letter from the Vice Chairman, U.S. Merit Systems Protection Board, transmit-ting the Board’s FY 2017 Agency Financial Report, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Pub-lic Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 3327. A letter from the Solicitor General, Department of Justice, transmitting a noti-fication that the Department has decided not to defend the Commission in the Raymond J. Lucia, et al. v. Securities and Exchange Commission, No. 17-130 (S. Ct.) case that is before the Supreme Court, pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 530D(a)(1); Public Law 107-273, Sec. 202(a); (116 Stat. 1771); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 3328. A letter from the Federal Liaison Of-ficer, U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — International Trade-mark Classification Changes [Docket No.: PTO-T-2017-0040] (RIN: 0651-AD27) received December 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 3329. A letter from the Chief, Border Secu-rity Regulations Branch, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Civil Monetary Penalty Adjust-ments for Inflation [CBP Dec. 17-20] (RIN: 1651-AB15) received December 6, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 3330. A letter from the Deputy Adminis-trator, Saint Lawrence Seaway Development Corporation, transmitting Corporation’s an-nual financial audit and management report for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 3331. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Request for Comments on Application of Excise Taxes With Respect to Donor Ad-vised Funds in Certain Situations [Notice 2017-73] received December 5, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. S. 140. An act to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund (Rept. 115–441). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 1800. A bill to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to transfer certain Federal land to facilitate scientific research supporting Federal space and defense pro-grams; with an amendment (Rept. 115–442). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WOODALL: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 647. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 477) to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to exempt from registration brokers performing services in connection with the transfer of ownership of smaller privately held compa-nies; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3971) to amend the Truth in Lending Act and the Real Estate Settlement Proce-dures Act of 1974 to modify the requirements for community financial institutions with respect to certain rules relating to mortgage loans, and for other purposes; and providing for consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 123) making further continuing appro-priations for fiscal year 2018, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–443). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 1148. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to expand access to telehealth-eligible stroke services under the Medicare program; with an amend-ment (Rept. 115–444, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L06DE7.000 H06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9708 December 6, 2017 
Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 3120. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to reduce the volume of future electronic health record-related significant hardship requests (Rept. 115–445, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 3263. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to extend the Medicare independence at home medical practice demonstration program; with an amendment (Rept. 115–446, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 3271. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act in order to strengthen rules in case of competition for diabetic testing strips, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 115–447, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 3245. A bill to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to increase civil money penalties and criminal fines for Federal health care program fraud and abuse, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–448, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 2557. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medicare program of certain DNA Specimen Provenance Assay clinical diagnostic laboratory tests; with an amendment (Rept. 115–449, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 4300. A bill to authorize Pacific Historic Parks to establish a com-memorative display to honor members of the United States Armed Forces who served in the Pacific Theater of World War II, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–450). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Ways and Means dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 1148 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Ways and Means dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 2557 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Ways and Means dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 3245 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Ways and Means dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 3271 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. STEWART (for himself, Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah, Mrs. L OVE, and Mr. C
URTIS ): H.R. 4558. A bill to provide greater con-servation, recreation, economic development and local management of Federal lands in Garfield and Kane Counties, Utah; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. ESTES of Kansas (for himself, Mr. MCCAUL, and Mr. K ATKO ): H.R. 4559. A bill to conduct a global avia-tion security review, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. HILL: H.R. 4560. A bill to suspend contributions by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to the Hous-ing Trust Fund during any period that the full required dividend payments under the Senior Preferred Stock Purchase Agree-ments for such enterprises are not made, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself, Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. K ATKO , and Mr. D UNN): H.R. 4561. A bill to provide for third party testing of transportation security screening technology, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. HILL (for himself and Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia): H.R. 4562. A bill to provide relief to com-munity banks, to promote access to capital for community banks, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. By Mr. RUSSELL (for himself, Mr. M
ULLIN , Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mr. F LO-
RES): H.R. 4563. A bill to impose sanctions with respect to the Government of Georgia if the President determines that the Government of Georgia is taking actions to undermine commitments or contractual agreements with United States persons engaging in busi-ness operations in the country of Georgia, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Financial Services, and the Judi-ciary, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana (for him-self, Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. G
ALLAGHER , Mr. R UTHERFORD , and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ): H.R. 4564. A bill to require a threat assess-ment on current foreign terrorist fighter ac-tivities, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security. By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 4565. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to furnish headstones or mark-ers to private cemeteries for graves of cer-tain veterans of World War I; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. POLIQUIN: H.R. 4566. A bill to amend the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protec-tion Act to provide relief to nonbanks from certain stress test requirements under such Act; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. By Mr. KATKO (for himself, Mr. M
CCAUL, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. V
ELA, and Ms. M ENG): H.R. 4567. A bill to require a Department of Homeland Security overseas personnel en-hancement plan, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. LABRADOR (for himself and Mr. G
OSAR ): H.R. 4568. A bill to amend the Geothermal Steam Act of 1970 to promote timely explo-ration for geothermal resources under geo-thermal leases, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. GALLAGHER (for himself, Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. H
IGGINS of Louisiana, Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , and Mr. R UTHERFORD ): H.R. 4569. A bill to require counterter-rorism information sharing coordination, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mrs. BUSTOS (for herself, Mr. JONES , Ms. J AYAPAL , and Ms. S
TEFANIK ): H.R. 4570. A bill to amend title 9 of the United States Code with respect to arbitra-tion; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. DAVIS of California (for her-self, Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina, Ms. G
ABBARD , Mr. M AST, and Ms. R
OSEN ): H.R. 4571. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to expand eligibility for the TRICARE program to include certain vet-erans entitled to benefits under the Medicare program due to conditions or injuries in-curred during service in the Armed Forces and to waive the Medicare part B late enroll-ment penalty for such veterans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. DINGELL (for herself and Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida): H.R. 4572. A bill to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to enter into an arrangement with the National Academy of Medicine to evaluate the preparedness of hospitals, long-term care facilities, dialysis centers, and other medical facilities for pub-lic health emergencies; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. KELLY of Illinois (for herself, Mr. R
ICHMOND , Mr. C LAY, Mr. L AWSON  of Florida, Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. D AVID S
COTT of Georgia, Mr. R USH, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. J EFFRIES , Mrs. B
EATTY , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. B
ASS, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Ms. F UDGE , Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. A DAMS , and Mr. E
VANS ): H.R. 4573. A bill to clarify that the Dickey Amendment does not prevent the use of funds for research on mental health, gun vio-lence, and how they intersect, and to provide for reporting on the effects of gun violence; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI (for him-self, Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. R
OSKAM , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. B OST, Mr. K
INZINGER , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. R
USH, Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. L AHOOD, Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. S HIMKUS , and Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ): H.R. 4574. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 108 West Schick Road in Bloomingdale, Illi-nois, as the ‘‘Bloomingdale Veterans Memo-rial Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. LONG (for himself and Mr. S
CHRADER ): H.R. 4575. A bill to amend title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act to preserve consumer and employer access to licensed independent insurance producers; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 4576. A bill to expand school choice in the District of Columbia; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. ROGERS of Alabama (for him-self, Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. B
ARLETTA , Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, Mr. D
ONOVAN , and Mr. B ACON ): H.R. 4577. A bill to establish a working group to determine ways to develop a domes-tic canine breeding network to produce high 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE7.018 H06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9709 December 6, 2017 
quality explosives detection canines, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Home-land Security. By Mr. VELA (for himself, Mr. T
HOMP -
SONof Mississippi, and Mr. K ATKO ): H.R. 4578. A bill to authorize certain counter terrorist networks activities of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Home-land Security. By Mr. WELCH (for himself and Mr. S
CHRADER ): H.R. 4579. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to implement Medicare payment policies designed to improve man-agement of chronic disease, streamline care coordination, and improve quality outcomes without adding to the deficit; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WELCH (for himself and Mrs. B
LACK ): H.R. 4580. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to improve the Medicare accountable care organization (ACO) pro-gram, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas: H. Res. 646. A resolution impeaching Don-ald John Trump, President of the United States, of high misdemeanors; which was laid on the table. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. STEWART: H.R. 4558. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section III By Mr. ESTES of Kansas: H.R. 4559. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers vested by this Constitution in the Gov-ernment of the United States or in any De-partment or Officer thereof. By Mr. HILL: H.R. 4560. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. BILIRAKIS: H.R. 4561. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts, and Excises shall be uni-form throughout the United States. Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-gress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the forgoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. HILL: H.R. 4562. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. RUSSELL: H.R. 4563. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 3 and 18 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana: H.R. 4564. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 4565. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: section 8 of Article I of the Constitution. By Mr. POLIQUIN: H.R. 4566. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress ‘‘To regu-late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes:’’ as enumerated in Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KATKO: H.R. 4567. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution for the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Govern-ment of the United States or in any Depart-ment or Officer thereof. By Mr. LABRADOR: H.R. 4568. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting the Territory or other Prop-erty belonging to the United States . . .’’ By Mr. GALLAGHER: H.R. 4569. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mrs. BUSTOS: H.R. 4570. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitu-tion. By Mrs. DAVIS of California: H.R. 4571. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mrs. DINGELL: H.R. 4572. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion. By Ms. KELLY of Illinois: H.R. 4573. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Const., Art. I, Sec. 8, Cl. 18 (Necessary and Proper Clause) (This bill would authorize federal agencies to study, and report on, the impact gun violence has on the public health. Such a law is both ‘‘necessary and proper’’ in order to carry out the purpose of the Constitution: promotion of the general welfare). By Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI: H.R. 4574. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 7 of the United States Constitution By Mr. LONG: H.R. 4575. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power to law and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uni-form throughout the United States. Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution, which states ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 4576. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. ROGERS of Alabama: H.R. 4577. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause I empowers the Congress to provide for the common defense. Explosives detection canines have proven in-valuable in conflicts throughout American history. Servicemembers and first respond-ers entrust their safety to these incredible animals. However international demand for capable working dogs has driven up prices and depleted supply abroad. This bill aims to connect domestic canine breeders and ven-dors with the federal procurement process and streamline the procurement of quality working dogs from the United States rather than overseas. This legislation will ensure continued ac-cess to critical defense asset. By Mr. VELA: H.R. 4578. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. WELCH: H.R. 4579. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-gress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. WELCH: H.R. 4580. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-gress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L06DE7.100 H06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9710 December 6, 2017 
States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 42: Mr. R USSELL . H.R. 233: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois and Mr. F
OSTER . H.R. 257: Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. M ARCHANT , and Ms. M
CSALLY . H.R. 502: Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 535: Mr. K
INGof Iowa. H.R. 548: Mr. A
MODEI . H.R. 632: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. S EAN P
ATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. S COTT of Vir- ginia, Mr. L
AMALFA , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , and Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 644: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 681: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. S
HIMKUS , and Mr. G RAVES of Missouri. H.R. 778: Mr. U
PTON . H.R. 846: Mr. R
USSELL and Mr. R UIZ. H.R. 858: Mr. E
VANS , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. G ALLEGO , and Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 909: Mr. A
BRAHAM . H.R. 912: Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. L
EE, Mr. Q UIGLEY , and Mr. C ARBAJAL . H.R. 927: Mr. R
UIZ. H.R. 1148: Mr. L
AHOODand Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 1154: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 1155: Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 1271: Mr. T
ONKO . H.R. 1276: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , and Mr. S WALWELL of Cali- fornia. H.R. 1380: Mr. R
UTHERFORD . H.R. 1406: Ms. D
EGETTE . H.R. 1409: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. G ALLA -
GHER , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, and Mr. K
ATKO . H.R. 1457: Mr. R
UTHERFORD . H.R. 1480: Mr. P
OSEY . H.R. 1494: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 1566: Ms. H
ANABUSA . H.R. 1587: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 1606: Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi. H.R. 1676: Mr. P
OSEY . H.R. 1802: Mr. R
UIZ. H.R. 1861: Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H.R. 1889: Mr. N
EAL. H.R. 1987: Mr. E
SPAILLAT and Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN . H.R. 2319: Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 2327: Mr. F
OSTER . H.R. 2436: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 2451: Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H.R. 2460: Mr. C
OLEand Mr. S IMPSON . H.R. 2495: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS and Mr. S WALWELL  of California. H.R. 2545: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 2666: Mr. V
ALADAO . H.R. 2669: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 2687: Mr. C
ORREA , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. R
ASKIN , and Mrs. N APOLITANO . H.R. 2723: Mr. J
ORDAN and Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2735: Mr. S
CHRADER . H.R. 2740: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Ms. C ASTOR  of Florida, Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, and Mr. G
ARRETT . H.R. 2790: Ms. H
ANABUSA . H.R. 2856: Mr. S
MITH of Missouri. H.R. 2899: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico and Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 2913: Mr. FOSTER . H.R. 3083: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 3199: Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 3444: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 3495: Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. E NGEL , Mrs. D
INGELL , and Ms. J UDYCHUof California. H.R. 3519: Mr. L
YNCH , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. E
LLISON , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, and Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN . H.R. 3528: Mr. L
ONG. H.R. 3596: Mrs. B
USTOS . H.R. 3600: Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. N ORMAN , Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana, and Mr. G IBBS. H.R. 3635: Ms. M
ATSUI and Mr. T HOMPSON of California. H.R. 3671: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 3709: Mr. D
ESAULNIER and Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 3711: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 3712: Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 3729: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 3730: Mr. B
ARLETTA . H.R. 3740: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 3759: Mr. E
MMER , Ms. E STY of Con- necticut, Mr. P
OLIQUIN , and Mr. P ETERS . H.R. 3761: Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana. H.R. 3768: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 3775: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 3793: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 3828: Ms. H
ANABUSA . H.R. 3861: Mr. Z
ELDIN and Mr. W ILLIAMS . H.R. 3865: Mr. G
OMEZ . H.R. 3871: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 3956: Mrs. W
ALORSKI . H.R. 4007: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. M EEKS , and Ms. N OR-
TON. H.R. 4013: Mr. R
ASKIN and Mrs. L AWRENCE . H.R. 4082: Mrs. L
AWRENCE . H.R. 4099: Mr. H
ECK. H.R. 4143: Mr. M
OULTON , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. T IPTON , Mr. S
HUSTER , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. C
ALVERT , and Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 4166: Mr. B
ACON . H.R. 4215: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 4234: Mr. F
OSTER . H.R. 4253: Ms. M
ENG, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. J
UDYCHUof California, Mr. P AYNE , and Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 4300: Mr. C
OLE, Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 4314: Mr. C
OFFMAN and Mr. R OKITA . H.R. 4319: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska and Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 4328: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 4391: Ms. S
PEIER . H.R. 4392: Mr. C
OFFMAN , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky, Mr. G
ALLAGHER , Mr. R UPPERS -
BERGER , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. H ECK, Mr. T HORNBERRY , Mr. F
OSTER , Ms. D ELAURO , and Mr. U PTON . H.R. 4396: Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. T URNER , Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Ms. B ONAMICI , and Mr. D ELANEY . H.R. 4443: Mr. H
ECK. H.R. 4465: Mr. B
UCKand Mr. G OSAR . H.R. 4473: Mr. C
ORREA and Ms. T ITUS. H.R. 4474: Mr. C
ORREA and Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 4481: Ms. G
ABBARD . H.R. 4503: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 4504: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 4516: Mrs. B
USTOS . H.R. 4521: Ms. G
ABBARD . H.R. 4526: Mr. P
ITTENGER , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, and Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 4537: Mr. Z
ELDIN , Mrs. L OVE, and Mr. W
ILLIAMS . H.R. 4541: Mr. KENNEDY , Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. M OULTON , Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER , Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. C ASTOR  of Florida, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Ms. S
PEIER , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. G
OMEZ , and Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4545: Mr. H
ULTGREN , Mr. Z ELDIN , and Mr. P
ITTENGER . H.R. 4548: Ms. G
ABBARD and Mr. H IGGINS of New York. H.J. Res. 121: Mr. N
ORMAN . H. Con. Res. 89: Mr. E
SPAILLAT . H. Con. Res. 95: Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. S EAN P
ATRICK MALONEY of New York, and Ms. R
OSEN . H. Con. Res. 96: Ms. B
ASS, Ms. E DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON of Texas, and Ms. N ORTON . H. Res. 201: Ms. M
ENG. H. Res. 252: Mr. I
SSAand Mr. P ITTENGER . H. Res. 276: Mr. G
OMEZ . H. Res. 466: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER and Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas. H. Res. 495: Mr. R
ICHMOND , Mr. R ASKIN , and Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H. Res. 570: Mr. M
EADOWS , Mr. F RANCIS  R
OONEY of Florida, and Mr. R OTHFUS . H. Res. 587: Mr. S
IRES, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. L YNCH , Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. C OHEN , and Mr. R
ASKIN . H. Res. 621: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H. Res. 632: Mr. C
OFFMAN and Mr. V IS-
CLOSKY . H. Res. 637: Mr. S
CALISE . H. Res. 641: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. E
VANS , and Ms. J ACKSON LEE. f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. FRELINGHUYSEN  H.J. Res. 123, making further continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2018, and for other purposes, does not contain any con-gressional earmark, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. The amendment to be offered by Rep-resentative B
RAD SHERMAN or a designee to H.R. 477 the Small Business Mergers, Acqui-sitions, Sales, and Brokerage Simplification Act of 2017, does not contain any congres-sional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or lim-ited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. The amendment to be offered by Rep-resentative B
RAD SHERMAN or a designee to H.R. 3971 the Community Institution Mort-gage Relief Act, does not contain any con-gressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 3524: Mr. L ATTA . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE7.041 H06DEPT1
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7859 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 6, 2017 No. 199 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Our Father in Heaven, we trust You to direct our lives. You are holy, ruling in the Heavens. Keep our lawmakers faithful to You as You use them to accomplish Your purposes. May they hear the groans of the poor, the cries of the helpless, and the moans of the oppressed. Help our Senators to cause justice to roll down like waters and righteous-ness like a mighty stream. Give them the wisdom to find in You a refuge in turbulent times, remembering that You will never abandon those who seek You. Grant them the greatness of being on Your side, doing Your will on Earth, even as it is done in Heaven. We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
TAX CUTS AND JOBS ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask that the Chair lay before the Sen-ate a message from the House of Rep-resentatives. The Presiding Officer laid before the Senate the following message from the House of Representatives: Resolved, That the House disagree to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 1) entitled ‘‘An Act to provide for reconcili-ation pursuant to titles II and V of the con-current resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018,’’ and ask a conference with the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, last week, Senators answered the call of our constituents by voting to overhaul our complex and outdated Federal Tax Code. We seized the opportunity to spur economic growth, to help create jobs right here at home, and to take more money out of Washington’s pocket and put more money into the pockets of hard-working American families. Our bill also helps to provide for the country’s energy security by further developing Alaska’s oil and gas poten-tial in an environmentally responsible way, and it delivers relief to low- and middle-income Americans by repealing ObamaCare’s individual mandate tax. I would like to once again thank every one of my colleagues who sup-ported this once-in-a-generation effort to make our Tax Code work for the middle class and to help them get ahead. Since the beginning of this process, we said that tax reform would be done through regular order and an open process. That is exactly what has hap-pened. Under Chairman H
ATCH ’s leadership, the Senate Finance Committee hosted dozens of hearings over multiple years and a full committee markup. Members on both sides of the aisle had a chance to offer amendments both in com-mittee and on the floor. We considered numerous amendments and, when it came time to vote, the Senate ap-proved the bill. This has been a years- long process to deliver tax reform. We have come a long way, and we still have more work ahead of us. Earlier this week, our colleagues in the House voted to work with Members of the Senate to produce a final bill to send to the President’s desk. Later today, the Senate will do the same. We will vote to join our colleagues in a conference to finish our work on tax reform. The American people deserve taxes that are lower, simpler, and fair-er. By voting for a conference, we will be one step closer to getting it done. I look forward to voting to send our legislation to conference later today. FUNDING THE GOVERNMENT  
Mr. President, now on another mat-ter, with the cooperation of our col-leagues, Congress will pass a short- term continuing resolution before the end of the week. Once the House passes a continuing resolution, the Senate will have a chance to consider it as well. By sending this short-term funding provision to the President for his sig-nature, we will ensure that the govern-ment remains open while bipartisan discussions continue with our col-leagues in Congress and the White House on a long-term funding solution. In the meantime, it is important to recognize that this bill doesn’t have any contentious provisions. We should all support it. A vote for this short- term measure will help maintain our military, it will continue the impor-tant work of Federal agencies, and it will provide States with certainty to continue funding the Children’s Health Insurance Program until a bipartisan CHIP reauthorization agreement is fi-nalized. When the House sends us the short- term continuing resolution later this week, I urge all of my colleagues to join me in voting for it. That way, we can continue the critical operations of the Federal Government while we work to finalize a long-term solution. 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Dec 06, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE6.000 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7860 December 6, 2017 
The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
DACA  
Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I rise today to talk about Dreamers in Vir-ginia. Congress is engaged in a discus-sion about many topics in December, one of which is what to do about the DACA Program. A couple of months ago, President Trump said he was going to terminate the DACA Execu-tive order of President Obama in 6 months. That would be in early March, unless Congress found a resolution. I am gratified that many of us are having discussions about what that resolution might be. In particular, I want to acknowledge that 35 House Re-publicans yesterday signed on to a let-ter that was led by Virginia Represent-ative S
COTT TAYLOR , from the Hampton Roads area, saying: We need to fix this, and we need to fix this by the end of the year. I want these discussions to continue. In Virginia, there are about 13,500 Dreamers. I want to tell a few of their stories and why Virginia is a better State because of them and why, I think, the Nation is a better country because of the hundreds of thousands of Dreamers who are contributing to the diverse richness of this country. Let me talk about a few of the Virginia Dreamers I have met in the last few months. The first is the pretty astounding story of Gloria Oduyoye. Gloria is a child of parents who are Nigerian. She was born in England, and her parents brought her to the United States when she was 1 year old. Her dad is a doctor and came to practice medicine and work on a work visa, but then her dad became ill and could no longer work. As a result, the work visa expired. Glo-ria then became undocumented when her father’s visa expired. Gloria was not aware that she was undocumented until she was about to start college, and her parents had to tell her the full story. Gloria is a re-markable, remarkable young woman. She went to Wesleyan College on a scholarship and graduated. Then, she enrolled at William & Mary Law School. Gloria is scheduled to graduate this month. When she does, she will be the first DACA student to get a law degree in Virginia and only the fourth DACA recipient in the United States to get a law degree. She is bound and deter-mined. She said: I am going to be the first undocumented student to get a law degree in Virginia, and I am going to be the first undocumented lawyer in Virginia, and I am going to be the first undocumented judge in Virginia. She is very, very focused upon her studies. She has been very involved with the National Black Law Students Association, the Immigration Law and Service Society, and the Virginia Intercollegiate Immigrants’ Associa-tion for the last 3 years. I have had a chance to meet Gloria. She is a tremendous, tremendous young lady. That is Gloria. Andreas Magnusson is in Richmond. He has an unusual story. Andreas is Swedish. He is a Swedish-born music producer and mixer. His parents brought him to the United States when he was 2 years old. This is the only home that he has ever known. His ca-reer in the music industry has blos-somed in the United States, where with his first band he sold over 50,000 records, and he has toured the United States and other countries. Currently, he works out of his house in Richmond, where I live, and he has a recording studio, and he has sold a combined 1.5 million records through the span of his youthful music career. The United States is his home. Rich-mond is his home. It is where his ca-reer is, and it is where his family lives. His mother, his stepfather, and his two half brothers are all American citizens. Andreas, Swedish born, is a Dreamer. For fun, he is branching out from music to, I guess, demonstrate the Swedish-Virginian talent for bar-becues. Now he is into barbecue com-petitions in Virginia, and he wants to enter more competitions in the future. Neither Gloria nor Andreas are the typical snapshot you might think of when you think of a Dreamer; one a Ni-gerian lawyer and one a Swedish music producer. Bruna Cardosa, whose friends call her Mel, is from Hampton, VA, in the Tide-water area. She works with children and family services issues. She is a DACA recipient. Her whole goal is to use her education to do social work. She also would like to combine her so-cial work background and degree with a future degree in law to help immi-grants like herself. She works for a nonprofit that focuses on mental health needs. I think we all know how significant mental health needs are in the country and how many people have never been diagnosed or, if they get diagnosed, they don’t get treatment. This is an important issue, and the organization she works for helps people to make sure they can find the financial support they need to access the mental healthcare they need. Before she worked with this family services agency, she formed a coalition called I–CAUSE with other DACA re-cipients in Hampton Roads to help un-documented students be able to afford higher education. She has received nu-merous scholarships, honors, and awards that have allowed her to pursue her higher education and, specifically, she was a recipient of the Hispanic Scholarship Fund, to get her social work degree. With her academic success and her passion to help others, Bruna is exactly the kind of Virginian we love to cele-brate because she is a person of accom-plishment who is taking her own skills and not just benefiting herself but ben-efiting others. That is as Virginian and American a value as there is. The fourth student I will mention is somebody I have come to know a little bit, Giancarla Rojas. Giancarla is a DACA recipient here in the Northern Virginia area. She came to America a decade ago to be reunited with her par-ents, whom she had not seen for 7 years. In an article in the Washington Post that highlighted her particular story, Giancarla said that she spoke only Spanish when she came here and that the way she and her father perfected their English was by riding in the car and singing Beetles songs and Chicago songs. The Presiding Officer is too young to remember the band Chicago. This is a geezer-style band. Yet it is in-teresting to think of somebody from Central America coming and deciding, with her dad, that she will listen and sing to geezer rock on the radio as a way of learning English. I don’t think the Beetles gave her an English accent, by the way, but it did teach her to speak English quite well. The article mentioned that when she came to the United States, even the most simple homework assignments were virtually impossible for her. She had to study so hard to succeed—much harder than others—because of the lan-guage difficulties, but, very quickly, she was not just doing well, she was in honors classes, and she wanted others to succeed. As in the other stories that I have mentioned, she has made a pas-sion of assisting others to do what she has done—to learn English, to prepare for citizenship tests. She was prompted to advocate for Dreamers when a school counselor told her: Sorry for you. College is not an op-tion because you will have to pay out- of-State tuition. Her family couldn’t afford it. Instead, when the counselor told her that, she decided to join a law-suit, and the lawsuit led to Virginia’s offering instate tuition to those who were living here and paying taxes and succeeding like Giancarla. She maintained her high GPA. She earned admission to Radford Univer-sity, a wonderful university in south-western Virginia. She was the first Dreamer to be accepted at Radford. She was given a full scholarship, and she graduated with a bachelor’s degree in international economics in May of 2016. She is determined and committed to serving her community just like the other 13,500 Dreamers in Virginia. This is a very important issue. After saying that the Dreamers are great kids and that they had ‘‘nothing to worry about with me,’’ I was dis-appointed when the President said: I am going to terminate the program in 6 months. I viewed it as a little bit of a broken promise. Yet there was some-thing in that announcement that, frankly, I think we have to grapple with, which is that no Executive action is as good as a statutory fix. An Execu-tive action can be changed by this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Dec 06, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.001 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7861 December 6, 2017 
President or that. So, even though I supported President Obama’s DACA Executive order, I recognized that it was not the same as a statutory fix. We do need Congress to act on this. I was proud to have been one of nearly 70 Members of this body in June of 2013 to have voted for a comprehensive immi-gration reform bill that included the Dream Act—a permanent statutory so-lution for these Dreamers. We need to find that permanent solution. The dia-logue that we are having about the Dream Act is championed by Senator D
URBIN and is cosponsored by many, in-cluding me. It is bipartisan and has the cosponsorship of L
INDSEY GRAHAM . There is also the BRIDGE Act, which has been proposed by Republican Mem-bers, which also tries to solve the Dreamer issue, as well as the letter in the House that I mentioned the other day. It seems as though we are in the time in which we are having this discussion in seriousness, and we are on the path to finding a permanent solution. We need to do this. These families are law- abiding, tax-paying, hard-working, set-ting-example kinds of families. You will find them serving in the military and starting businesses and succeeding as these young people are, whom I have described. This is a season in which we have a lot on our plate. We have budgetary issues, and we have the CHIP insurance program for kids. We have a lot on our plate between now and when we ad-journ for the holidays at the end of the month. This is an issue that we can solve, and I am heartened to see the discussion reaching a boil. I am heart-ened to see bipartisan support for these Dreamers, but I am not surprised be-cause, when you read their stories, you will see why their cases are compelling and why not just Members of this body and the House but also the American public strongly support a permanent resolution. I encourage my colleagues to do this. Let’s do it soon. We will be proud of ourselves if we do, and we will be able to be proud of the accomplishments of the young people like those whom I have described. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
TRIBUTE TO RICH HEFFRON  
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I rise today to offer a tribute to a friend, a leader, and one-of-a-kind, Rich Heffron. My colleagues in the Delaware con-gressional delegation—Senator C
ARPER  and Congresswoman B
LUNT ROCH-
ESTER —join me in congratulating Rich Heffron on his long record of service to Delaware. Rich will soon be retiring as the president of the Delaware State Chamber of Commerce, and I wanted to take the time today to honor his many contributions not just to Delaware’s business community but to our legal, educational, and governmental com-munities, to all of Delaware. Rich moved from Philadelphia to Wilmington back in 1971, attending Delaware Law School and serving as an intern for then-Senator Joe Biden. Rich later functioned as finance direc-tor for Joe Biden’s 1978 senatorial cam-paign. Rich’s career took off in 1985 when he started as a special assistant and top aide to then-Wilmington mayor Dan Frawley. Mayor Frawley wisely recognized Rich’s business acu-men and promoted him to director of the Department of Real Estate and Housing in 1987. There, Rich helped es-tablish the Wilmington Housing Part-nership and became one of Mayor Frawley’s most trusted advisers, a key part of his ‘‘kitchen cabinet.’’ Rich later departed Wilmington city government in 1992 to embark on his journey with the Delaware State Chamber of Commerce, where he would serve for more than a quarter of a cen-tury. Mayor Frawley was sad to lose Rich but recognized his great value to our entire State through the chamber. ‘‘If I were the president of the state chamber, I would want to be able to communicate across political lines, across community and business lines,’’ then-Mayor Frawley said. ‘‘Rich has demonstrated that reach that goes be-yond partisan.’’ At the State chamber, Rich managed the government affairs department and was the organization’s chief advocate for Federal, State, and local issues, and it was in this role that I first met him. Under Rich’s great and lasting leader-ship, the State chamber has been a strong organization, representing the business community on a very wide range of issues. He expanded the cham-ber’s advocacy role across the State and recently helped guide the mod-ernization of the Coastal Zone Act and advocated for the creation of the Dela-ware Prosperity Partnership to help Delaware’s economic development for the future. His insight was and still is frequently sought after in many policy areas, in-cluding government fiscal and tax pol-icy, healthcare issues, land use man-agement, and workers’ compensation. Rich’s depth of knowledge has been a resource for everyone who has spoken with him. His weekly emails, webcasts, and television and radio appearances are insightful, informative, and engag-ing. In short, he has long had his finger on the pulse of Delaware. Throughout his tenure at the cham-ber, Rich has served on many boards and commissions, and I will mention just a few: the Governor’s Workers Compensation Advisory Commission, the Workers Compensation Health Care Advisory Panel, and the Delaware Health Care Commission. Rich also made educating the next generation of Delawareans of all back-grounds a priority as an adjunct fac-ulty member teaching business and po-litical science at Delaware Technical and Community College and at Wil-mington University. Rich’s opinions, his style, and his voice have been sought out for nearly 30 years by business leaders, elected of-ficials, and Delawareans alike up and down our State, and all those who got to know Rich Heffron got to know him as a friend. Our Governor, John Carney, had this to say about Rich just the other day: Rich exemplifies the Delaware Way. He has great relationships with legislators and elected officials on both sides of the aisle. He takes a long-term approach to issues rather than an ideological or short-term approach because he realizes we are here to work to-gether and get something done that will ben-efit our state. We owe Rich an incredible debt of gratitude for what he has done for the Delaware State Chamber of Commerce, for what he’s done to support job creation for Delawareans, and for what he has done to improve the Great State of Delaware. 
Former Delaware State representa-tive Bobby Byrd, a longtime friend and former coworker of Rich’s, also spoke of his long career of service to our com-munity. Bobby Byrd said: 
Not only has Rich been a lifelong Demo-cratic Party activist, he has also been a very competent advocate for Delaware’s business community. He is truly an example of the Delaware Way. 
Although Rich is now retiring, his voice and his counsel will never be far away, and, in retirement, his Temple Owls sports teams will be just a bit closer. I personally wanted to say to Rich my great thanks for the many ways in which you have encouraged and advised and supported me in the 8 years I worked in the private sector in manu-facturing and the 10 years I served in county government and now in my 7 years here in the Senate. Many in this body find it hard to un-derstand when Senator C
ARPER and I talk about this Delaware Way, where we all work together and find ways to solve problems, but the idea that a Democratic Party activist is the long- serving and well-regarded head of our State chamber of commerce is just one small example of that Delaware Way. Rich, no one has been a better, more trusted source of advice to business leaders, community leaders, and polit-ical leaders alike than you. It is appropriate that this is the eve of Delaware Day, when almost 230 years to the day tomorrow, the brave Delaware delegates, risking their lives and everything they had, met at the Golden Fleece Tavern in Dover, DE, and unanimously voted to make Dela-ware the first State to ratify our Con-stitution. Tonight, we will celebrate again our annual Taste of Delaware event in honor of Delaware Day. Tonight, Rich, we will toast you at our seventh annual Taste of Delaware event, an event that wouldn’t be pos-sible without you and the State cham-ber’s unyielding support. The Taste of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Dec 06, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.003 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7862 December 6, 2017 
Delaware event is a great example of what it means to bring people together from across our State, from our three counties, from north and south, and to travel to Washington and share with all of our colleagues here in the Senate some of what makes Delaware special. Rich, you and your team have cre-ated a wonderful Washington tradition, attracting literally thousands of guests and dozens of Delaware’s culinary sta-ples to celebrate the First State here in the Nation’s Capital. And, Rich, you yourself have been the best example I could provide to my colleagues of what it is that makes Delaware so special. You will be missed, Rich, in your role at the State chamber, and I wish you and Colleen and your family all the best in your well-deserved years of re-tirement. Thank you. I yield the floor and suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING AL HILL , JR. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I would like to begin my comments today by offering my condolences to the family of my friend, Al Hill, Jr. Al was the oldest grandson of the legendary Texas oilman H.L. Hunt, and he passed away last Saturday. Al was many things to many people. We shared in common as alumnus the fact that we both went to Trinity Uni-versity, but the difference between us is that Al was a star tennis player and I was not. He later popularized the sport as president of World Champion-ship Tennis. During the rest of his ca-reer following his education, he worked in the energy industry, was a commer-cial real estate developer, and most of us knew him as a prominent philan-thropist, along with the entire Hill family. Al positively impacted the lives of more people than I can count, includ-ing mine, and I simply want to say how much we will miss him. 
SAFER PROGRAM REAUTHORIZATION ACT  
Mr. President, the second person I would like to talk about today, and the focus of my remarks, is a Texas woman named Lavinia Masters. Lavinia is not famous in a sense, but she is near and dear to my heart because of her cour-age. When Lavinia was 13 years old, she was sexually assaulted at knifepoint by a man who broke into her family’s home. Her parents were sleeping up-stairs and immediately called the po-lice. Lavinia was taken to the hospital in Dallas, where a forensic exam was per-formed and DNA evidence was col-lected in a rape kit, but then it sat there. The evidence sat around for 20 years untested, believe it or not. When other victims of sexual assault had similar forensic exams performed, their rape kits were added to Lavinia’s, warehoused, not tested, and eventually a backlog began. More than two decades later, in 2005, Lavinia’s rapist had not yet been iden-tified. She calls the frustration and anxiety of having to wait year after year ‘‘pouring salt on the wound.’’ She didn’t know who the rapist was, and she didn’t know if he was still around or whether her life was even in jeop-ardy. One day, Lavinia saw a TV commer-cial about a new initiative to clear backlogged rape kits. She called the Dallas Police Department, and, fortu-nately, officers reopened her case. Soon thereafter, her untested rape kit was located. When it was finally tested, it turned up a DNA match for her perpe-trator. Well, the rapist was already in jail for other crimes he had committed, but because of the statute of limita-tions—which bars prosecuting some-body after a certain period of time—she couldn’t even press charges, which is a shame. This case, and Lavinia’s courage in coming forward and letting us talk about her case, demonstrates the im-portance of testing these rape kits. It is important not only because the power of DNA testing will allow you to identify whom the perpetrator was, but it will also allow you to exonerate or exclude somebody whose DNA does not match that in the rape kit. All of this illustrates problems inher-ent in untested rape kits that lie in storage lockers and laboratory counters across this country. These kits contain forensic evidence with the potential to solve a crime. As Lavinia’s case demonstrates, frequently, people who commit sexual assault don’t just do it once; they are serial offenders, and they will keep going until they are caught. Unfortunately, in Lavinia’s case, be-cause of the 20-year interval from the time she was assaulted, it is unknow-able how many times her assailant committed similar acts of sexual vio-lence against other people before he was finally stopped. These rape kits contain forensic evi-dence with the potential to solve a crime, to put a rapist behind bars, and to provide victims with closure and vindication, and society with justice. The good news is, we have made great strides in recent years—not only in my State but the United States—in dealing with this problem. One recent report from the Depart-ment of Public Safety indicates that there are still more than 2,000 kits that remain untested in Texas. That is un-acceptable, but nationally the problem is even much bigger, with as many as 175,000 rape kits that haven’t been ana-lyzed. In other words, Lavinia Masters is not alone. She is joined by other Texas women, courageous women, like Carol Bart, who came forward with her story to help other women and poten-tial victims avoid their fate. Their cases are why the bill I au-thored earlier this year is so impor-tant. It is called the SAFER Program Reauthorization Act. SAFER is an ac-ronym for Sexual Assault Forensic Evi-dence Reporting. Victims of sexual as-sault—scarred by painful memories and physical trauma—can’t afford to wait for more efficient procedures and fund-ing that is easier to come by. They need their stories to be heard and the evidence tested. My bill reauthorizes a program that was created in 2013, which has helped law enforcement reduce the national rape kit backlog. There are many juris-dictions like the city of Houston, for example, which, a few years ago, took this on their own and didn’t wait around for the Federal Government or additional funding. It was just amazing how many hits they got on these un-tested rape kits that matched up to other reported crimes as well. It al-lowed them to solve not only unsolved sexual assault cases but other crimes by putting people at the scene of the crime who claimed to be somewhere else, for example. My bill reauthorizes this program created in 2013, which has helped law enforcement reduce the national rape kit backlog. I am happy to have the support of my friend and colleague Representative TEDPOE, who is co-sponsoring the bill in the House. The original legislation bears the name of the Debbie Smith Act, the name of an-other brave woman who stepped up and used her personal tragedy for good. We named the Debbie Smith Act after her. It allowed us to then use Federal funds and make them available to test un-tested rape kits. Actually, that origi-nal legislation improved it to 35 per-cent and required 7 percent of them to be used as audits on existing rape kit programs. The problem is, when we started, we didn’t even know how many untested rape kits there were because there was no audit program, and much of the funds that were being used for the Debbie Smith Act were being used for administrative or other purposes and not to test rape kits. These audits are important. They have had the po-tential to uncover thousands more un-tested rape kits across the United States, each with evidence to be used to bring criminals to justice. The reauthorization I sponsored goes one step further than the original leg-islation. It also ensures that pediatric forensic nurses are eligible for training so, once they complete it, they are bet-ter equipped to respond promptly and appropriately to children suffering from abuse. Finally, this bill extends the sunset provision of the SAFER Program, which will ensure the longevity of our program with a proven history of suc-cess. I am grateful this SAFER Act has enjoyed the support of a broad range of bipartisan supporters in this Chamber, including the senior Senator from Min-nesota and the Senators from Nevada 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Dec 06, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.004 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7863 December 6, 2017 
and Colorado, each of whom are origi-nal cosponsors. Here is the problem. This bill has now passed the Senate but is waiting for action in the House. It is December, and we know the clock is ticking. It is imperative that the House act to reau-thorize this program before the end of the year. While I am confident it will, time is running out. We need to make sure this money is allocated for the SAFER Program for the new year and that not only the testing continues but the audits continue so we can find other rape kits, like those of Carol Bart and Lavinia Masters, that need to be tested, perhaps sitting on an evi-dence locker shelf somewhere in a po-lice department. This week, a coalition of advocacy groups and law enforcement agencies called for the House to pass the SAFER Program Reauthorization Act in a timely fashion. They said the promise of SAFER has yet to be fully realized. They pointed out that the Nation is at a reckoning point when it comes to sexual assault and harassment. They are absolutely right. We have reached a critical turning point. Today, as more and more survivors reach out to report these life-altering crimes, it is certainly not the time to let authorization for SAFER lapse. Fortunately, I know and these law en-forcement and victim rights groups know that our colleagues in the House share their beliefs. Like I said, I know we are going to get this done, but time is running out, and I hope our col-leagues in the House will take up this legislation—which has no controversy at all associated with it—and get it passed and get it to the President. Thank you. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, Moody’s Investors Service is one of America’s credit rating agencies. It is not an environmental organization. It doesn’t have any activity in the debate over climate change. That is not what it does. What Moody’s does is to ana-lyze the ability of companies and gov-ernment agencies that issue debt to meet those debt obligations. These Moody’s ratings matter because they determine the interest rates that States, counties, municipalities, and companies must pay. There was some interesting news last week. Moody’s declared it is time for cities, counties, and States along our coasts—Alaska is an example of a State with a lot of coast—to wake up to the growing risk of climate change. Moody’s has adopted credit indicators ‘‘to assess the exposure and overall sus-ceptibility of U.S. States to the phys-ical effects of climate change.’’ The managing director said this: What we want people to realize is: If you’re exposed, we know that. We’re going to ask questions about what you’re doing to miti-gate that exposure. 
Moody’s looked particularly at coasts and at the share of a State’s economic activity generated by its coasts and coastal communities. It counts the amount of homes built on flood plains, and the risk of extreme weather damage in that State or com-munity as a share of the State’s econ-omy. ‘‘That is taken into your credit ratings,’’ Moody’s said. It makes sense, obviously. Commu-nities that face rising seas that face heavier storms, that face increased flood damage will bear greater costs of mitigation and repair. If property val-ues drop as a result, so does revenue. Moody’s realizes that investors need to take that information into account in analyzing bonds. So it is going into the Moody’s ratings. Think about that. The truth of cli-mate science has gone beyond the warnings of scientists, which we ought to have heeded a long time ago. You have outstanding scientists at the Uni-versity of Alaska who are studying ocean acidification, sea level changes, all of that—and we probably would have listened to those scientists but for the influence of the fossil fuel industry here. The truth of climate science has gone beyond the warnings of govern-ment agencies, national laboratories, and our military services—warnings which have been there for a long time and which we also ought to have heed-ed and probably would have but for the political influence of the fossil fuel in-dustry. It has even gone beyond the warnings of our coastal States and communities and the coastal regu-lators, even beyond the warnings of the insurance and reinsurance industries— all of which we have refused to heed to placate the fossil fuel lobbyists—but now the financial referees who score credit risk are baking climate change risks into the assessment of coastal communities’ credit-worthiness. Moody’s is not going to assess this risk just in blue States. Coastal com-munities in every corner of the coun-try—in blue States and red States, alike—are facing climate change risk to their citizens and their economies. Let’s take a look at North Carolina. I visited North Carolina in 2014 to see the effects of climate change along our southeast coast. The problems I saw there bore a striking resemblance to what is happening in our shorefront towns in Rhode Island. The coastal folks who I met in North Carolina were every bit as concerned as coastal Rhode Islanders. I visited the marine science facility at Pivers Island, where scientists from Duke University, the University of North Carolina, North Carolina State, East Carolina State, and NOAA are all studying sea level rise and other effects of climate change. I met with the North Carolina Coastal Federation at their coastal education center in Wil-mington, where a bipartisan group was united in concern over the exposure of their coastal communities to rising seas and fiercer storms. I flew out over the Outer Banks to see where sea level rise is slowly swallowing and relo-cating them. The Outer Banks were formed mil-lennia ago by the interaction of seas and sand. They are dynamic barriers that move with tides and storms. Ac-cording to the U.S. Geological Survey, ‘‘the Outer Banks, particularly the ocean side, have always been hazardous places for man.’’ Nevertheless, they have become permanent homes to over 30,000 people, and they attract over $1 billion of tourist spending in that county. According to a recent comprehensive article by InsideClimate News and The Weather Channel, one beach near East Seagull Drive in Nags Head ‘‘has been eroding at about six feet per year’’—six feet per year. Rapid erosion threatens shorefront homes and brings the ocean ever closer to major roads and infra-structure. State engineers scramble to keep Outer Banks roads and bridges open and to rebuild them stronger and higher. This isn’t just a North Carolina issue. This is a story familiar to many coastal communities. A Union of Concerned Scientists study reports that sea level rise is dou-bling the number of communities along the coast facing what the study calls ‘‘chronic inundations and possible re-treat’’ in the next 20 years. GAO, which we depend on for a great many things here, recently reported that coastal areas face particularly high financial risks—hence the Moody’s decision—and that annual coastal property losses from sea level rise and increased storms would run into the billions of dollars every year in the short run, reaching over $50 bil-lion every year by late century. Every year it will be over $50 billion in loss to coastal properties if we don’t pay at-tention. GAO referenced a report that esti-mated a total of ‘‘$5 trillion in eco-nomic costs to coastal property from climate change through 2100‘‘—$5 tril-lion in economic costs to our coastal communities. That is a story that Rhode Islanders see coming at us as well. Our barrier beach communities like Matunuck Beach and Green Hill in South Kingstown see rapid erosion. The top photo here from North Caro-lina shows one of the two remaining homes at East Seagull Drive in Nags Head, the site I talked about. You can see that there is an exposed septic tank where all the sand has been washed off of, and you can see that there is lim-ited beach left. At high tide, that house is over water. On the bottom is a strikingly similar picture of houses in Green Hill, RI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Dec 06, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.005 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7864 December 6, 2017 
This photo was taken after the April 2007 nor’easter that tore through New England. This family’s septic tank is also exposed from the sand that has been removed all around it, and the pil-ings here are keeping the home above the water. By 2009, this home got re-paired, but it had to be moved back from the seashore and up a dune bank. You can only move back so far from rising seas before you start bumping into people’s property behind you. My predecessor, Senator John Chafee, who was once the chairman of our Environment and Public Works Committee, owned a family house in Matunuck, RI, where I remember swimming as a young man. The Chafee house is now completely gone, lost to rising seas. Rhode Island’s coast took a real lash-ing in 2012’s Superstorm Sandy. These images are from Matunuck, where Sandy’s storm surge wiped away beach-es and exposed shorefront houses to the raw power of the sea. The historic Browning Cottages up here were family homes for genera-tions. Two of those historic homes had to be demolished. The third could be relocated inland. You can see from these shoreline maps the retreat of the shore to sea level rise and what it has done to these beachfront communities. Here in Nags Head, these little red squares are all where houses used to be that the sea moved in on, and they couldn’t move backward. They had to be demolished and moved away. Only two remain—these two. As you can see by the old shorelines, not that long ago coastal homes had yards of beach in front of them that is now lost. Storms, as well as sea level rise, can change all of that. If you look at this Rhode Island map, you can see the steady loss of beach along this shore. But it tells two sto-ries. Not only is it the story of the gradual loss of beach to rising seas, but it is also the story of the sudden devas-tation that a storm can wreak. This red line is how far the beach got pushed back in the hurricane of 1938. One big storm just scoured that beach clean. Now we are back behind that. Here is the 2014 line in blue. If you look at this site on Google right now, you can see that it has gone even further back. Along Matunuck and the coastline, this is an establish-ment called the Ocean Mist. You can have a great time in the Ocean Mist. It is a great place. Not very long ago, you could walk out the front of the Ocean Mist and down onto the beach, and you could walk dozens of yards across beach where people play volleyball and took the sun and hung out before they got to the sea. This is the Ocean Mist today. It has had to be propped up on pilings as the sea comes underneath it. North Carolina and the Federal Gov-ernment are having to spend millions of dollar replenishing the Outer Banks’ beaches. The State now has to re-nourish more than 100 miles of beach compared to just a dozen miles it wor-ried about a few decades ago. Western Carolina University has tal-lied up more than $300 million spent by the State on beach nourishment from 2007 to 2016. Another $64 million is ex-pected to be spent by local government near Nags Head this year and $48 mil-lion more in 2018. Nationwide, we spend about $3.1 billion on beach nourish-ment. EcoRI reports that Rhode Island lost about 90,000 cubic yards of beach sand just from Superstorm Sandy. Over $3 million of Federal funding had to be used to help rebuild those Matunuck beaches after the storm. Beach nourishment, seawalls, bulk-heads, and rock armaments—you name it—are all temporary stopgaps that must eventually yield to rising seas. As this happens, there will be a constant drain out of local treasuries as commu-nities have to spend more and more to keep up with the rising seas, and there will be a gradual loss of revenue into local treasuries as valuable oceanfront properties that pay local property taxes are lost. That is why Moody’s is starting to score this issue in coastal communities. One solution that coastal commu-nities can come up with is to ignore this. In 2010, North Carolina’s Coastal Resource Commission Science Panel on coastal hazards recommended that a sea level rise of 1 meter—39 inches—be adopted as the amount of anticipated rise by 2100. That was back in 2010. Since then, data compiled and analyzed by NOAA shows that that number was way too low, that the worst case poten-tial for sea level rise on those shores is about twice that—2 meters of sea level rise. Here is what the Raleigh News & Ob-server reported: The State ‘‘adopted a 30-year forecast that figures the rise at 8 inches.’’ The odds of that coming true are virtually nil. Ask Moody’s how credible that esti-mate is in face of the evidence. Moody’s is going to be going there and looking at this stuff, and they are not going to buy phony-baloney assertions that you are only going to see 8 inches of sea level rise when NOAA is pre-dicting 2 meters. They are going to be rated on not being ready because they are not responding to the obvious science. Climate denial works in politics be-cause of the massive political influence of the fossil fuel industry, but it really is not going to matter to Moody’s as-sessors. In Rhode Island, our Coastal Re-sources Management Council is now planning for a worst case scenario of 9 to 12 vertical feet of sea level rise along our shores by the end of the cen-tury—9 to 12 vertical feet. Colleagues may want me to laugh that off and say: No, it is too inconvenient to talk about that; it really ticks off our fossil fuel friends. I will never, ever ignore this. I can’t ignore this, and we as a body should not ignore this. No amount of beach nourishment will protect Rhode Island from that. At 10 feet, we will lose 36 square miles of extremely valuable shorefront land—people’s homes, people’s busi-nesses, the marinas and fishing piers that people depend on. That is 36 square miles lost because we can’t say no to the fossil fuel industry around here. We must act on climate change now to give coastal States any chance to avoid these worst case scenarios. We have to help coastal communities plan for the changes we can’t avoid. A recent report from Texas A&M and Rice University researchers highlights what they called—get this—the ‘‘grow-ing disconnect between the 100-year FEMA floodplain and the location of actual flood losses’’ and, again, the ‘‘growing consensus over the inability of the FEMA-derived floodplains to capture actual loss.’’ On average, about a quarter of in-sured flood losses occur outside the map’s flood plains, and in some cases, more than 50 percent of flood losses occur outside of what the maps said would be flooded areas. With bad map-ping, we are leaving local communities at a terrible handicap. We go back to that GAO report quan-tifying those coastal risks. It notes: ‘‘Given the potential magnitude of cli-mate change and the lead time needed to adapt, preparing for these impacts now may reduce the need for more costly steps in the decades to come.’’ But it also points out that ‘‘the Fed-eral Government does not have govern-mentwide strategic planning efforts in place to manage what it called ‘‘sig-nificant climate risks before they be-come Federal fiscal exposures.’’ The Federal Government does not have gov-ernmentwide strategic planning efforts in place. We have to give local communities better support. Bad maps and no plan-ning is not support. Our coastal homes, our coastal economies, and our coastal heritage are all at stake, and bad maps and no planning aren’t meeting those responsibilities. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Y
OUNG ). The Senator for Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I take this time to talk about the pending business, which is the tax proposal going into a conference committee be-tween the House and the Senate. As I am sure the American people now know, at 2 a.m., on early Saturday morning, the Senate passed its version of tax reform. The House had already done that. We were working on a House bill. Now the motion before us is to take that bill and send it to a con-ference. We would be better off sending it back to committee so that we could have public hearings and understand what we are voting on, rather than sending it to the conference com-mittee. I hope, though, that we will take ad-vantage of the conference to deal with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Dec 06, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.007 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7865 December 6, 2017 
the three fundamental flaws that were included in both the House and Senate bills. First was the process that was used that did not allow us to really know what we were doing. As a result, it is my understanding there are nu-merous provisions in both the House and Senate bills that will not work and will require changes. Secondly, we professed to want to do this to help middle-income families, but, in reality, both the House and the Senate bills hurt middle-income fami-lies. I hope that will be corrected in conference. Third—and there is no dispute about this whatsoever—the House bill and Senate bill will add anywhere between $1 trillion to $2 trillion to the deficit of this country. We shouldn’t be deficit-fi-nancing a tax reform bill. Let me first talk very briefly about process. Let’s not repeat the mistakes that we made. It is outrageous that late Friday night we got a 500-plus page amendment to the pending bill and tried to read it, but we couldn’t even read the handwritten changes that were put in the margins, and then we were asked to vote on that later in the evening. That process is just not befitting the U.S. Senate, and it is not befitting a democratic process in which we have an opportunity to read and un-derstand, and the public has an oppor-tunity for input, before we attempt to modify and change dramatically the Tax Code of this country. So I hope that the conference com-mittee will have a very open process, that there will be opportunities for input, and that we all will understand what is being done. Secondly, it is critically important that this bill be corrected so that it really does help middle-income fami-lies. This bill doesn’t do that. It pro-vides massive tax cuts for the wealthy and significant cuts in business taxes, which are made permanent, while the relief given to middle-income families is temporary, and many middle income families will end up paying more in taxes. The House bill and the Senate bill have that fatal flaw. One of the premises here is that if we give businesses big tax cuts, they are going to take those tax cuts and give workers higher wages. That just doesn’t happen. There have been sig-nificant profits by American compa-nies, but we have seen in too many of those cases that those profits have gone to buybacks, their stock, and to increase the value for their share-holders. It is their right to do that. But we shouldn’t be pretending that we are going to be cutting taxes to help work-ers of these companies when, in reality, their first priority is going to be the shareholders and increasing the value of their stock. We need to make sure that this bill, at the end of the day, will help middle- income families, and that is our focus, not the House bill or the Senate bill that focuses on our most wealthy tax-payers and the business community rather than focusing on middle-income families. Then, third, the deficit—and I find this unconscionable. I will just lay this out. I find it unconscionable, when we have worked to say that the deficit is hurting our country and we need to work together to rein in the debt of America, yet we find the Republican Party prepared to acknowledge a $1.5 trillion deficit in their budget instruc-tions. In reality, if this bill were to be-come law as passed by the U.S. Senate, it would increase the deficit by $2 tril-lion if we extend all the tax provisions, and even if we accept dynamic scorekeeping, which is changing the rules—$1 trillion of deficit. So under any of the assumptions, we are adding to the debt. That is just plain wrong. If our priority is to recognize that our debt is something that is wrong for our children and grandchildren, that we are wealthy enough today to pay our own expenses, then we must make sure that the bill that returns from a conference committee does not add one penny to the deficit. That should be a commit-ment that we are all ready and willing to make. Let me also bring up a couple of other issues that I hope the conference committee will consider. The Senate bill includes the elimination of the re-quired coverage under the Affordable Care Act. What does that mean? Well, it means that when it is fully imple-mented, 13 million Americans aren’t going to have health coverage. That is what it means. It means that we are going to again see an increase in those who use the emergency rooms of our hospitals as their primary care centers because they have no health insurance. It means that people will be entering our healthcare system in a more costly way because they are not going to get preventive healthcare, because they don’t have health insurance to cover preventive healthcare. It means that we are going to see a lot of people who can’t afford their healthcare because they don’t have health insurance. Before the Affordable Care Act, we know that healthcare costs were the No. 1 reason for bankruptcy. We will see personal bankruptcies increase. And guess what. We are going to see uncompensated care go up. When un-compensated care goes up, guess who pays the bill? All of us do through higher premiums. It is called cost shifting. Why is that in this tax reform bill? Do my colleagues want to know the reason? Because it gets scored as a sav-ings by the Congressional Budget Of-fice and the Joint Committee on Tax-ation. It is a savings because we are going to be spending less money in health subsidies, in the Medicaid Pro-gram. It cuts the Medicaid Program. This is a phony savings from the point of view of our Tax Code, but guess what the Senate did with that savings. They used it to make perma-nent the tax cuts for businesses. In other words, they spent the savings in the Tax Code to help corporations with permanent tax changes, and individ-uals didn’t get that. Well, I hope the conference will cor-rect that by eliminating this health provision from the Tax Code. It shouldn’t be in this bill. It is wrong on policy and it is wrong on process and it is wrong on fiscal responsibility. I hope, for all of those reasons, that pro-vision will be eliminated. Then, the bill passed by the Senate includes another provision that shouldn’t be in a tax reform bill; that is, opening up Alaska to drilling. First of all, the policy is wrong. We should protect this pristine area of our Na-tion. Secondly, we don’t need more sites for fossil fuels. We know that our future is in renewables; our future is in a more carbon-friendly environment. So from that point of view, it makes no sense. Then, on process, putting it in this bill makes no sense at all. So I hope my colleagues will correct that mistake that is in the Senate bill. Then, both the House and Senate bills still have an assault on State and local governments in so many different ways. We make it so much more dif-ficult for State and local governments to handle the problems in our commu-nities. I was speaking to the mayor of Baltimore this week about our prob-lems with public safety. I know the challenges our Maryland General As-sembly will face in January, in dealing with transportation infrastructure, in dealing with public education, in deal-ing with the challenges of our environ-ment. All of those issues are going to be more difficult for the State of Mary-land and all of our States and all of our local governments and our municipali-ties to be able to handle if either the House or the Senate bill becomes law. But to add insult to injury, we then take away the State and local tax de-duction so that county taxpayers and State taxpayers, who are the same peo-ple who are paying Federal taxes, will have to pay a tax on a tax. Senator W
YDEN brought to my atten-tion something that is pretty funda-mental. With the first income tax that was passed by the U.S. Congress, the deduction they allowed was for State and local taxes. Of course, the Con-stitution had to be amended, and the States had to consent to the amend-ment, and that is how we got the in-come tax. It was a fundamental deci-sion made that under Federalism and respect for the different levels of gov-ernment, we wouldn’t impose a tax on a tax. Now, over 150 years later, we are talking about removing that deduc-tion. That is outrageous from the point of view of the Constitution and the principles of the Constitution on Fed-eralism. There are also some consequences that I am sure my colleagues haven’t thought about as to what impact that is going to have on property values, what impact that is going to have on a lot of other issues; they haven’t thought that out. But it is just wrong from a policy point of view. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Dec 06, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.009 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7866 December 6, 2017 
There are many provisions in the House bill that are not in the Senate bill, but now that we are going to con-ference, we have to be concerned about them. Are we going to restrict what in-dividuals can deduct for medical ex-penses? That is in the House bill. So if you are a family that happens to have a child that has severe medical needs, are we now going to say that we are not going to allow them to deduct those costs that they have to pay for out-of-pocket? The House bill contains restrictions on the deduction of education costs for those who have student loans. Are we going to make it more expensive for families to be able to afford higher edu-cation? It is already too expensive. Are we going to increase that cost? We also have a restriction in the House bill that deals with mortgage in-terest deductions. I have already talked about the impact of the Senate bill and the House bill have on SALT— that State and local tax deductions have on the value of real estate, but when we restrict the deductions on mortgage interest, it has an even more dramatic impact on property values. So there is a lot of work that is going to have to be done in conference. As I said, the best way to proceed is to send this bill back to the committee. Let’s have open public hearings. Let’s work together. I know my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. I have worked with my Democratic and Republican colleagues, and I know that when we work to-gether, we produce some really great results. It is not hard for Democrats and Republicans to work together on the Tax Code, because we share the same goal. We know our Tax Code needs to be reformed. We know that there are burdens in our Tax Code that need to be eased. I honestly believe that Democrats and Republicans be-lieve we shouldn’t be adding to the debt, and we should be helping middle- income families. So it seems to me that this is not a heavy lift for Demo-crats and Republicans to come to-gether in order to write the right tax bill for this country. So I hope we take advantage of this opportunity, as we have a new look at the Tax Code, to deal with the funda-mental flaws that are in both the House and Senate bills. I am not ter-ribly optimistic because I know what the House and Senate have already passed. But I urge all of my colleagues to find a way that we can really fix our Tax Code, help middle-income families, and certainly not add to the deficit of this country. That should be the mu-tual desire of all Members of the U.S. Senate. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, just this morning, a newspaper here on the Hill had an article with the headline ‘‘Ex-perts find tax plan riddled with glitches.’’ That is because, without a single hearing on the legislation, last week the majority rushed through a complete overhaul of America’s Tax Code for the first time in 31 years, and we never had the opportunity to have full consideration of the merits of the proposal. We have now discovered that they have even screwed up the research and development tax credit, which is something American businesses rely on every single day. This process, I am sad to say, was no accident. Had we had time to digest and debate this bill in the full light of day, it would have never withstood public scrutiny. My hope is that over the coming week or so, when the Amer-ican public can actually see what is in this bill, it will not withstand their scrutiny. Instead of making an honest case to the people, which they deserve, the proponents of this bill have sold this legislation not based on what is actu-ally in this bill but with falsehood after falsehood. First, they claim that the tax cuts wouldn’t benefit the wealthiest Ameri-cans. Last week in Missouri, President Trump said: 
This is going to cost me a fortune. . . . This is not good for me. 
That was entirely consistent with a conversation that I was part of—which has also been reported publicly, so I am not revealing any confidences—when the President called in from Asia to a room full of Senators and said that this tax bill is so bad for the rich, that he had to throw in the estate tax on top of it in order to give wealthy Americans something, and he continues to perpet-uate this myth in front of the Amer-ican people. The reality is that under this plan, the 572,000 taxpayers in America who are fortunate enough to make $1 mil-lion or more will have an average tax cut of $59,000. By 2027, 62 percent of the benefits in this plan will go to the top 1 percent—those with an income level of over $2 million. As I said on the floor last week, we are borrowing $34 billion from our children to give to the ap-proximately 500,000 taxpayers in Amer-ica who are lucky enough to earn more than $1 million. The point I want to make today is, that claim is false. They also say that this plan is fo-cused on the middle class. Last week, President Trump said: ‘‘The beating heart of our plan is a tax cut for work-ing families.’’ Under this plan, in the first and best year—and when I say ‘‘best year,’’ this means the year that the tables look the best for the Repub-lican argument, for the sponsors of the bill. Every year after that, it gets worse. The 90 million taxpayers in America who make $50,000 or less will get an average tax cut of $160 a year. That is what they will get on average. Millions of middle-class taxpayers, under this bill, will actually see a tax increase if this law passes, and that number will grow over time. So it is not true that this is a middle-class plan. This is a tax cut for the wealthi-est Americans masquerading as a mid-dle-class tax plan. They have passed around a few crumbs to the middle class and said: You should be satisfied with this. We promise you that you will benefit from the trickle-down benefits of the mas-sive tax cut we are paying for by bor-rowing from our children. The next thing they say is, we will supercharge economic growth, and that will lead to more jobs and higher wages. But today corporations are sit-ting on record amounts of cash. The highest income Americans are earning a larger share of income than at any point since 1928, right before this coun-try fell into the Great Depression. I was in business for a long time, and I believe in our capitalist system. I be-lieve that people who do well and are successful are living the American dream. But the argument that these businesses and high-income households need a tax cut just doesn’t add up. On the other hand, most Americans have not had a pay raise in a genera-tion, even as the cost of housing, healthcare, childcare, and higher edu-cation climb ever out of reach every year. Helping these Americans is not only the right thing to do, but if you want to jump-start the economy—these are the customers who shop at busi-nesses—this bill does nothing to ad-dress their needs. Bank of America recently surveyed companies to ask what they would do with their tax cuts. A vast majority said they would use the money to pay down their debt and buy back shares. At least corporate America is being honest about what they will do with this bill, unlike politicians in Wash-ington. Neither of that does much for workers. Maybe that is why, in the full glare of the TV lights—again, you can’t make it up. It is not fake news. When President Trump’s top economic ad-viser, just before we were having a vote on this bill, asked a room full of CEOs to raise their hands if they plan to re-invest the tax cuts, hardly any did. He asked, why aren’t hands up? According to Goldman Sachs, the effect on eco-nomic growth in 2020 and beyond ‘‘looks minimal and could actually be slightly negative.’’ Fourth and finally—and this is the one that is in some ways most gall-ing—they claim the tax cuts will pay for themselves. They said that in 2001 when George Bush first cut taxes, that it would pay for itself. It is exactly the same rhetoric we are hearing today— no difference. Some of the people are different. Some of the people are the same. Guess what. In 2001, after those cuts, the deficit rose. Then they cut taxes again in 2003, and the deficit rose. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Dec 06, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.010 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7867 December 6, 2017 
I remind us all that when George Bush became President, Bill Clinton had left behind not a deficit but a sur-plus—a $5.6 trillion surplus projected over 10 years. Every credible analyst who has looked at this bill has said these tax cuts will not pay for themselves. In the face of that history and in the face of the experts, they continue to maintain that they will pay for themselves. It seems to me that if you think the best thing we can do with this money and the best thing we can do to deal with this massive deficit is to cut taxes for the wealthiest people in America, you should pay for it. Pay for it. We can’t get the Children’s Health Insur-ance Program passed—which is a drop in the bucket compared to this—be-cause it has been hard to find a pay-for. We can’t get the disaster assistance that so many of our States need be-cause it is so hard to pay for. If you have conviction that this really is going to do what you are going to say it is going to do, pay for it. Don’t bor-row the money for this. If we are actually going to borrow $1.4 trillion from our children, then it would seem to me that we should have the decency to at least invest in their future. It seems Washington has the money to spend $83 billion to cut taxes on es-tates worth over $11 million—which is what they call the death tax, which now applies to estates worth over $1 million—but it can’t lift a finger to do something about the fact that today in America, just 9 out of 100 kids born into poverty will complete college. We apparently have the money to give the wealthiest Americans a $59,000 tax cut, but we don’t have the money to extend reliable high-speed broadband to rural America, which would cost about $40 billion—less than 3 percent of the entire cost of the bill. Apparently, Washington has the money to borrow $1.4 trillion from our children, but we don’t have $8 billion to pay for the Children’s Health Insurance Program, which covers 9 million kids and pregnant women who cannot afford private health insurance. We care enough, it seems, about spe-cial interest carve-outs that we made in the dead of night as a way of passing this tax bill by getting this vote based on that tax break and this vote based on that tax break, but we cannot lift a finger to tackle the opioid epidemic ripping across our country and claim-ing 50,000 lives a year. Every year I come to Washington and hear from my colleagues on the other side that we don’t have the money to prevent forest fires across the West, to keep rural schools open, or to find $400 million for the Arkansas Valley Con-duit and bring clean drinking water to some of the poorest counties in Colo-rado. Now, they have spent $1.4 trillion not to invest in the health and oppor-tunity of our communities but to frit-ter it away on tax cuts for the wealthi-est Americans. If Republicans pass this flawed, partisan, budget-busting bill, do not ever, ever let them say to you that we don’t have the money to tackle the challenges that are most meaning-ful to our communities. We should have passed a bipartisan bill to begin with. We could have craft-ed a bipartisan bill. I believe the cor-porate rate is too high and isn’t com-petitive. I believe that. I know there are people on the other side who, like Senator M
ARCO RUBIO and Senator L EE, believe we should increase the child tax credit for middle-class families and for families who are poor. We had an opportunity, if we were faithful to the rhetoric I heard around this place for years, to actually remove special interest loopholes, focus on the middle class, and not add to our debt. For years, on the corporate side, I have heard people say we are going to broad-en the base and reduce the rate. In-stead, we are lowering the rate without cleaning up the code. A once-in-a-gen-eration opportunity, after 31 years, and we say, you know what, we are going the leave those loopholes in place, and we are going to lower the rate. Forget about broadening the base. The same thing is true on the indi-vidual side. It is adding complexity to our code. All this stuff that they are doing on these passthroughs is going to add complexity and require more ac-countants and more lawyers for people to fill out their tax return. This is all as a result of the majority wanting to go it alone. When you don’t look for votes from the other side, it means you are going to be stuck with the most ex-treme wing of your party. When you don’t have to make a compromise be-cause you are reaching across the aisle, it means the people who are the most absolutist on your side get their way. That is what happened here. Furthermore, there are no hard deci-sions made in this bill. This is another example of Washington, unlike county commissioners, city council people, su-perintendents, mayors, and Governors, who actually have to make hard choices year in and year out to make their budgets work—this place always finds the path of least resistance. For-get about broadening the base and clos-ing loopholes. We are going to give you a tax cut because it is easier. I really hope that over the next week, the American people learn what is in this bill. If they do, I think we will have the chance to defeat it and then pass a bipartisan bill, which actu-ally cleans up the code, lowers the cor-porate rates to make it more competi-tive, and enhances the child tax credit to give the American people who work for a living a tax cut. Do you know what else we could do? We could invest in our infrastructure to create American jobs here and be able to help ensure this generation of Americans does what previous genera-tions of Americans have done, which is to invest in the next generation, to make sure they have more oppor-tunity, not less. This bill is the worst of all worlds from the perspective of the high school students I met with be-fore I came to the floor. Not only are we not investing in them, we are bor-rowing the money from them. This is no different than any one of us living in a house and sticking our kids with the mortgage. That is what is hap-pening as a result of this bill, and we should defeat it. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
COMPOUND MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move that the Senate insist on its amendment, agree to the request of the House for a conference, and authorize the Chair to appoint conferees on the part of the Senate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mo-tion is pending. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the vote on the pending compound motion occur at 3 p.m. today; further, that if the mo-tion is agreed to, Senators K
INGand S
TABENOW each be recognized to offer a motion to instruct conferees, and that the Senate vote on the motions in the order listed with no intervening action or debate; further, that there be 2 min-utes of debate between each vote, equally divided in the usual form; fi-nally, I ask that following disposition of the Stabenow motion, the Senate stand in recess until 5:10 p.m. to ac-commodate an all-Members briefing. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Wyoming. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, about a year ago, the American people voted for fundamental change in this country, and, last week, Republicans in the Senate continued to deliver. We passed a plan to give Americans sub-stantial tax relief. This legislation is exactly what people were asking for last November, and it is exactly what this country needs now. Because of this Republican plan, peo-ple will be able to keep a lot more of their hard-earned money. They are going to find that their taxes will be simpler and fairer. They are going to see our economy getting stronger and healthier. That is good news for our country, and it is, certainly, good news for the American people. This legisla-tion was an important promise that Republicans made, and it is a promise that Republicans have kept. It is just the latest Republican accomplishment that is helping Americans. Another thing that the Republicans are providing is tremendous relief from Washington regulations. I think that a lot of people lost track of exactly how much damage the Democrats and the Obama administration did to the American economy. The Obama admin-istration added 285 major regulations during the course of the previous ad-ministration. Every one of them im-posed a burden on Americans. The total cost of these rules was $122 billion per year. That was both the direct cost 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Dec 06, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.011 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7868 December 6, 2017 
in terms of money and also counting the time needed to fill out the paper-work that was created by these exces-sive rules. Twenty-one of these rules were actually finalized after the 2016 Presidential election. That is after the American people spoke and said that they wanted change. Yet President Obama went straight on with piling more regulations onto the backs of the American people. One of the first things that Repub-licans in Congress did this year was to start striking down unnecessary, bur-densome, costly regulations from the Obama years. Republicans wiped 15 of these major rules off the books. Major rules are rules that cost over $100 mil-lion in terms of the compliance cost, the actual cost, and the time cost. That is going to save Americans as much as $36 billion over time. One of these rules was an important part of President Obama’s war on coal. It was called the stream buffer rule. It was designed to shut down a lot of the coal mining that is going on in this country. It would have destroyed up to a third of the coal mining jobs in America. So we passed a congressional resolution that protected coal mining jobs and protected American energy independence. We struck down 14 regu-lations like this one in the first few months of this year. In October, Republicans blocked a 15th rule. This was the new regulation from the Consumer Financial Protec-tion Bureau. The rule was written dur-ing the Obama administration, and Obama appointees at the agency final-ized it last summer. This is the agency that has been in the news recently be-cause it has been so out of control. Re-publicans in Congress had to step in and get rid of an unnecessary rule that was really, in my opinion, just a payoff by the Democrats to trial lawyers. Republicans have saved Americans $36 billion by getting rid of rules and regulations. Democrats, on the other hand, have cost the American people $122 billion a year in costs due to rules and regulations. Republicans in the Senate also took a major step in this tax relief legisla-tion by repealing the ObamaCare insur-ance mandate. This takes ObamaCare from being a mandatory program to being a voluntary program. It is going to save a lot of Americans a lot of money. In 2015, there were over 6.7 mil-lion Americans who paid this tax. The average tax penalty for the American people this past year was $700. It is a big deal to give American families re-lief from that tax burden. It is also a big part of rolling back this idea that Washington knows best what works all across the country. The ObamaCare in-surance mandate is more than a tax, and the damage it does is more than just the paperwork and money that people have to pay. It is an outrageous and unfair requirement that people have to buy something that isn’t right for them and their family but the gov-ernment says they have to buy it. When Republicans struck down this mandate, we gave people back the free-dom they had to decide for themselves and to make their own choices. The Republicans in Congress have been very busy saving Americans from the burdens and injustices of these Obama regulations. I can state that we have a very strong ally in the Trump administration, because President Trump has been the deregulator in chief. Since his very first day in office, he has been rolling back the regula-tions that have constrained people over the previous 8 years. He froze action on nearly 2,000 Obama administration rules that hadn’t taken effect yet. He wrote a new rule for his administra-tion—when one new rule comes in, two go out. In other words, for every sig-nificant new regulation, his adminis-tration would offset it by getting rid of two other rules. That is how to make a difference in Washington. That is how the President was able to remove 860 ineffective, duplicative, and obsolete regulations in just his first 6 months in office. That is a very big difference from what the Democrats in Wash-ington did, and we have already started seeing the results. The American economy has created 2 million jobs since President Trump was elected a little over 1 year ago. Our economy grew at a rate of 3.3 percent last quarter. The unemployment rate dropped to 4.1 percent. Last Friday, the Washington Post had two items on one page. The first stated that consumer spending had increased in October and incomes grew. The article said: ‘‘The October rise indicates that consumer spending, which accounts for 70 percent of economic activity, began the fourth quarter with healthy momentum.’’ The second article, appearing on the same day in Washington Post, Friday, noted that weekly applications for un-employment aid fell for the week. It said that when the number of unem-ployment applications are low like this, it is a sign that hiring is healthy. It is a sign that employers are con-fident enough to keep workers on the payroll. During the Obama years, Washington Democrats piled all of these regula-tions onto the economy. Because of them, economists said they had ex-pected future growth to be around 1.8 percent. President Trump and the Re-publicans in Congress are cutting the regulations, and the economy is grow-ing at 3 percent. That is the kind of change that is possible under Repub-lican pro-growth policies. That is why we are confident that we are on the right track. It is why we are confident that the economy is going to continue to accelerate under the tax relief we passed this past week. It is why we are confident that America will continue to thrive when we give people relief from the Washington regulations and start to unwind the redtape. That is what the American people voted for a little over a year ago. That is what Republicans are delivering in Congress and in the White House. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. 
DACA  
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I rise today to join my colleagues in remind-ing all of our Members, but particu-larly our friends on the other side of the aisle and the Administration, that there is a very real human cost for each day we delay taking corrective action on President Trump’s unneces-sary decision to end the Deferred Ac-tion for Childhood Arrivals Program, or DACA. There was no need for the Trump ad-ministration to create this crisis. There was no reason to throw nearly 800,000 Dreamers and their families into such uncertainty. Yet the Presi-dent—despite the fact that most Amer-icans from both political parties sup-port a solution for the Dreamers—de-cided that he needed to overturn this initiative for little more reason than the fact that it was put in place by President Obama. These young people, who are American in every way but on paper, may be uprooted and moved to countries that are totally foreign to them. Yes, their parents broke the rules to bring them here as children, but their departure now will be our loss. These are the basic economic facts and common sense. Moreover, these young people have become our classmates, neighbors and coworkers, the parents of our children’s friends and an undeniable part of our Amer-ican community. I thank many of my colleagues who spoke eloquently here to put names and faces to the young people who are affected by this crisis. I would like to associate myself with their remarks. I have also had an opportunity to meet with Dreamers in Rhode Island who were brave enough to share their sto-ries with me and with my staff. I hope to meet more of them, but I can state that these are exactly the kind of hard- working young people who we should be encouraging to put down roots in our communities. Skeptics should know the facts. Dreamers have been subjected to deep scrutiny. They faced background checks by immigration officials, they have paid significant fees, and they have followed the rules. It is simply untenable to continue to delay a reso-lution of their status in our country any longer. Indeed, too many of my colleagues seem to be in no hurry to reach a meaningful agreement on pass-ing the bipartisan Dream Act. This has been an effort that has been led by Members on both sides of the aisle be-cause many—unfortunately, not enough yet—on both sides of the aisle believe that these young people are American in their values and in their commitment to this country. They will contribute to this country. They al-ready are. There seems to be this illusion that we have until March 5, the official end date for DACA, to continue to try to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:01 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.013 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7869 December 6, 2017 
fix this problem. There are others who seem to believe that this crisis, which was prompted by President Trump’s de-cision, is an opportunity to gain con-cessions in other areas. This approach of waiting to try to game the crisis is wrong. It is certainly wrong for the young people who are waiting nerv-ously—in fact, ‘‘nervously’’ is too mild a term—to determine whether they can stay and contribute to this great coun-try, as they are already doing. We have an opportunity, but we have to take it quickly to ensure that these young men and women can find a way to stay in this country and contribute to this country. It remains my sincere hope that my colleagues will come to the table in good faith to pass the bi-partisan Dream Act. Again, let me state that there are Members on both sides who recognize that these young people are making great contributions to the country, and this is the only country they have known. Many of them were infants when they were brought here. They are American in every way except on paper. We need to make progress on this. We don’t have until March. We have to do this as quickly as possible. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The Senator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President and col-leagues, the Republican tax plan is now racing to completion in secrecy and shame. Republicans are finishing it in secret because it is a shameful scheme the American people overwhelmingly oppose. Today the Senate is going to debate whether to go to conference with the House to resolve the differences be-tween the two plans that the Repub-licans have passed on a wholly partisan basis. Not a single Democrat in the House and not a single Democrat in the Senate is in support of this bill. I think it is clear that the conference com-mittee that will meet in the days ahead is nothing more than theater. It is not going to be an honest debate in the light of day. There will not be an honest debate that the American peo-ple can listen to on the prospect of $10 trillion worth of tax policy changes that will reach into corners of every part of this country and every house-hold in America. The truth is, Republicans from the other body and the Senate are hashing out differences right now—right now, behind closed doors. They are packing the bill with even more goodies, even more loopholes for the well connected and special interests. There is no tell-ing what swamp creatures have crawled up to Capitol Hill to get their fingers on this bill at the eleventh hour. The basic proposition on offer is this: taking money and healthcare away from middle-class Americans to pay for tax cuts for the multinational corporations, the powerful, and the well connected. That proposition isn’t going to change. Apparently, now the Trump administration is calling for more speed and even more secrecy, just so the President can claim a victory and Republicans in Congress can ap-pease megadonors, who made it clear they are frustrated by a sputtering agenda. What unfolded here last week is a black mark on this storied institution of the Senate. It was the climax of a process marred by recklessness and partisanship. This took place after 17 moderate Democratic Senators tried again last week, while the Senate still had the opportunity, to have a bipar-tisan plan. Well, I renewed my plan, my ideas—the only two bipartisan Fed-eral income tax reform bills in decades, written by senior Republicans and moderate Senators. Bipartisan plans were discussed yet again last week be-fore the Senate took off on this reck-less course. Senators did come to the floor last Wednesday and Thursday prepared for a debate, but it was cut short by the partisan reconciliation process—just 20 hours, evenly divided between the two sides. Wednesday turned into Thurs-day, and there was no final Republican bill. Then Thursday became Friday, and still Republicans had their plan hidden in the shadows. Then on late Friday—late Friday, well after dark—I was handed, personally, a new version of a 500-page bill by a key official in the Republican caucus who said: Here is the bill. There was no opportunity for review or debate. The distinguished majority leader had said to me personally during the course of the afternoon, when I was asking every 30 minutes, that there would be plenty of time—plenty of time—to review the bill. Not only was there not plenty of time, there was es-sentially no time, and it reached a point as we heard from our colleagues last week, that notes on technical ma-terial were scribbled into the margins. We had questions about education provisions that seemed to benefit one academic institution. There are plenty of them that are deserving in Oregon and Pennsylvania, but this would seem to benefit just one. Special interest handouts were air dropped right up, ap-parently, to the very last minute, with huge giveaways to oil companies and hedge funds. The unintelligible lines became a metaphor for what this whole debate was all about—haphazard work that not a schoolteacher in America would give a passing grade to, if some kind of work product like that was sub-mitted to them. Of course, this is what the majority party here, the Senate Republicans, said was a full and honest debate. The technical term here is ‘‘regular order,’’ but the fact is, those $10 trillion of tax changes were made in secret. When the bill that was brought to the floor fi-nally appeared, it was clear that Re-publicans had played ‘‘hide the ball’’ with their tax plan until the very last minute. There was not a single hearing on the specifics of the legislation. I heard so many times in the debate that there were 70 hearings. My colleagues on the other side of the aisle, I wish I had a nickel for every time I heard that there were 70 hearings. There was not one single hearing—not one—on the spe-cific provisions of that legislation. There was no bipartisan input. No Member of this body can possibly claim to have read everything before they voted. Now the recklessness continues. Re-publicans are sticking with the con job on the middle class as they work out the differences between their two plans, again, behind closed doors. Whatever product comes out of these negotiations is still going to raise taxes on millions of middle-class Amer-icans and drive a dagger into the heart of the Affordable Care Act. Why? To pay for yet more handouts to faceless, multinational corporations. There are still going to be bigger tax cuts for those multinational corporations that ship jobs overseas than there will be for those businesses that create red, white, and blue jobs here at home. What ought to cause even more alarm for Americans over the coming weeks are the special interest goodies that are still being packed in—the handouts nobody yet knows anything about. Down on K Street, they seem to be licking their chops as they read the bill the Republicans wrote so quickly and carelessly. It looks to me like a whole flock of tax lawyers are scheming and planning their next moves. According to reports, the big sticking point in the negotiations between Re-publicans isn’t about how you are going to help middle-class families or how you are going to protect healthcare, they are debating whether the corporate handouts ought to get bigger. They are already slashing the corporate rate down to 20 percent, and now they are debating whether cor-porations should actually be required to pay it. I note that in both of the tax plans I put together that were bipartisan, written with two conservative Repub-lican Senators close to the majority leader, during all of those talks, we didn’t hear about corporations saying they had to have a tax rate of 20 per-cent. The American people do not want this plan to become law. I heard that this past weekend. I had two town meetings in communities where Hil-lary Clinton had a lot of support and in communities where Donald Trump had a lot of support, and I am telling you this tax cut bill is unpopular all over. It is hard to write a tax cut bill that is unpopular, but somehow Senate Repub-licans actually managed to do it. That is what I heard in townhalls and when I met with folks last weekend at Fred Meyer, our iconic store. We heard it all over. I can promise every Member of this body the American people have a sense of what is coming now. The Republican deficit hawks who flew away when the proposition of a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:01 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.015 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7870 December 6, 2017 
$1.5 trillion budget-busting tax bill came up, they are going to come flying back. They will be flying over the hori-zon, returning. There is already a whole lot of frightening Republican talk about the fiscal crisis facing our country, exploding deficits, spending run amok. In fact, Republicans haven’t even waited for this tax plan to become law to crack out the fiscal crisis talk-ing points. We hear all the talk, the President at rallies and talking on na-tional television about entitlement re-form. It is a whole lot of focus group- tested code for cutting the safety net, the lifeline programs for the vulner-able: Medicaid, Social Security, Medi-care, the anti-hunger programs. That sure looks like what is next on the slash-and-burn to-do list. Here in the Congress, the Speaker said a few weeks ago we have a lot of work to do in cutting spending. Ways and Means Chairman B
RADY talked about welfare reform and tackling the entitlements. The Freedom Caucus, the far right folks in the Freedom Caucus, are using the tax bill to lock in prom-ises on spending cuts and the safety net programs, and nobody knows yet what secret guarantees they have been given. Last week, as Republicans were get-ting ready to spend a trillion and a half dollars on handouts to corporations— just put your arms around that for a moment, Mr. President—I heard for years in the Finance Committee and the Budget Committee about how Re-publicans want to be fiscally minded and tight with a dollar. Right away, out of the gate, they said we will spend a trillion and a half dollars in handouts to corporations—corporations already awash in money. What we heard is the leadership of the other side of the aisle saying we are already spending our-selves into bankruptcy, and they were blasting what they called liberal pro-grams for the poor. The chairman of our committee, whom I admire greatly, said: When it comes to helping the vulnerable, we don’t have the money anymore. We don’t have the money anymore for the vulnerable, but somehow we can bor-row billions of dollars to have a $1.5 trillion handout to multinational cor-porations awash in money? It sure indi-cates to me some out-of-whack prior-ities. Then we heard our colleague from Pennsylvania, Senator T
OOMEY , say on the floor that there wasn’t a secret plan to cut Medicare and Medicaid and Social Security. I give my colleague from Pennsylvania credit for his hon-esty because he is right about one thing. They are not keeping this tax plan a secret. Republicans are talking about the tax plan and the prospect of these entitlement cuts now in the open. The tax plan may be secret, but the plans for cutting entitlements are going to be right out in the open. Colleagues, I want to close with this. I heard this weekend, and I hear at every stop I make, that the people of this country do not want this partisan tax plan to become law. They under-stand what is happening now. The working people and the middle class are being forced to pay for handouts to multinational corporations; that the Republican plan puts the interests of the politically connected above the in-terests of hard-working American fam-ilies. I believe the American people are going to stand up and fight against any fear-mongering attack launched by the so-called deficit hawks who, as they come flying back, are clearly looking at cutting Medicare, Medicaid, anti- hunger, and anti-poverty programs. It is not too late. It is not too late while this process continues between the House and the Senate to change course. Instead of going to a sham con-ference—a sham conference that is lit-tle more than diversionary theater— there could be a real and bipartisan de-bate on a tax plan that would give every American a chance to get ahead. I have been particularly struck by my conversations with our former col-league Senator Bill Bradley of New Jersey. He calls almost every few days because he, along with President Reagan, were the authors of the last bi-partisan plan. I am particularly struck by how he describes when Democrats and Republicans came together. Bill Bradley, former Knicks celebrity all over the country, he would fly all over the United States to meet with col-leagues like the distinguished Pre-siding Officer from North Carolina. He would fly all over. Now, we can’t get Republicans to walk down the corridor of the Dirksen building to have a con-versation about how we ought to have a chance to give everybody a good tax plan so everybody in America can get ahead. That is what I sought to do with Republican colleagues, former Sen-ators Gregg and Coats, who are plenty conservative. So it is not too late for my Repub-lican colleagues to do an about-face and say we can do better than this. I don’t, for the life of me, understand why we can’t have Republicans and Democrats, on the basis of the over-whelming unpopularity of this bill, now say we can do better than this and change course. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, last week I came to the floor to talk about why we needed to pass the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. I am proud to say that the Senate has passed that bill. I expect the Senate to move to conference with the House this week, and I am con-fident that the final bill will be an even better bill than the bill passed by ei-ther the House or Senate. More impor-tantly, I am confident that it will get us on track for real tax relief for work-ing families, and we will have this bill on the President’s desk by the end of this year. Last week when the bill passed, I said that it isn’t just about changing the trajectory of our economy, it is about changing the future we hand to our kids and our grandkids. I really think that is what this bill will do. There is a lot of talk in Washington about things that, frankly, will never turn out to be the facts—maybe they are the alternative facts—but one thing I think will happen is that work-ing families will see, in one of their first paychecks next year, that this tax bill and these tax cuts really affect them. Whatever your paycheck is—re-flected in what you start getting paid on January 1—in virtually every case, working families are going to have more take-home pay, and those num-bers are pretty big. A few weeks ago, I was at Patriot Machine in St. Charles, MO, and spoke to the employees who work there. The one thing they were concerned about was, what does this mean to me? What does this mean to my family? What is my take-home pay going to look like next year? Mr. President, you and I said many times during this debate that the two things we were committed to were more take-home pay immediately by taking less out of it and even more take-home pay in the future by doing things that make our economy more competitive and make that paycheck bigger to start with. Middle-class families, working-class families, and this country have lost a lot of ground with the slow growth we have had and the almost no growth in some years we have had in the past 10 years. We need better jobs, we need higher wages, and we need the govern-ment to let people take home more of what they earn. This bill will allow them to do that. It will double the standard deduction. That is the deduction that is about $6,000, and suddenly it is $12,000, and for a couple, it is $24,000. You start the tax process on something the size of a post-card by deducting that $12,000 or that $24,000 off what your W–2 forms say. The Senate bill doubles the child tax credit, so you go from a thousand to another thousand, and you take that credit off your tax obligation. Ninety percent of the people are going to fill out their taxes just that way. It is a form that you may not even have to turn over to sign the bot-tom and say, here is what I need to send back; here is what my tax obliga-tion is. Helping families has been and con-tinues to be at the heart of what this whole debate should be about—at one end, more take-home pay, and at an-other end, more competition that al-lows us to have better jobs to start with. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:01 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.016 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7871 December 6, 2017 
I am absolutely convinced that the United States of America has more money on the sidelines right now than ever before in the history of the coun-try and more money overseas because of our barriers to bringing money back, because our Tax Code didn’t really an-ticipate international competition in the way that it has developed. It has more money that wants to come back than ever before. Those things are going to make a difference to the secu-rity that our country has and the ac-cess to the world marketplace. We couldn’t be better located to compete all over the world than we are now. Those things, along with what has happened in the effort to stop the regu-latory overreach and the effort to put people on judicial benches who are going to rule based on what the law says—this tax bill on top of that, with capital coming in to our economy, is going to make a big difference. It will help mainstream businesses that want to reinvest, innovate, expand, create jobs. That is going to happen with this bill. This bill came through the regular order process. It came through a com-mittee that knew how to defend it. Every Senator had the opportunity to offer any amendment they wanted to offer to improve the final product. American families have been stuck with a broken tax code for the last cou-ple of decades, and that is going to end when the President signs this bill into law. We shouldn’t have to wait any longer. We need to get this done this year, and we can. 
FUNDING OUR MILITARY  
Mr. President, I want to talk a little bit about another bill that we passed for the 56th consecutive time. There are a lot of things that Congress doesn’t manage to get to every year, but the No. 1 priority of the Federal Government is to defend the country, and we show that in how we prioritize that authorization bill that gives those who serve in uniform the very best pos-sible opportunity to serve us and serve us safely. Senator M
CCAINwould be the first to say that we have fallen behind in the last 8 years in what we need to be doing to maintain the advantage that we always want our troops to have, and, of course, he is right. He and Sen-ator R
EEDbrought a bill to the floor, and that bill was passed into law. That will make a big difference in our obli-gation to provide for the common de-fense. When we send men and women in uni-form into harm’s way, we never want that to be a fair fight. We want to give every possible advantage—a training advantage, an equipment advantage, an intelligence advantage—to the people we have asked to defend us. In the next few weeks, as we appro-priate the money to do what the au-thorization bill calls for, we are going to see a step-up in a way that has not happened in 8 years now and will hap-pen, I am convinced, this year. This bill meets that responsibility. I want to talk about a provision in that bill that I think particularly is re-flective of the families who serve. The strength of our military is in the families of our military. Somebody said to me not too long ago: We gen-erally in the military recruit single young adults, and we retire men and women with families. Those families who become part of this process—sol-diers, sailors, airmen, and marines, during the time they serve—provide the real backbone of our military strength. They have a million respon-sibilities when somebody in that fam-ily deploys. They look at the holidays we are now in the middle of different from the way most other families look at the holidays. The person who is there keeping the family together when somebody deploys often—more and more of the time now—has their own career. They are paying the bills. They are keeping the kids in school. They are facing, for the most part, the challenges that so many single parents face today, but these are single parents based on one of the two partners in that team being deployed somewhere else. They have to do these things while they are worried about the per-son they care so much about who is in harm’s way. Then when that part of their life is over, they become a family supporting a veteran and whatever challenges that veteran has from their service. So the bill we passed this year dem-onstrates our appreciation for our mili-tary families by including the Military Family Stability Act. This is a bill I introduced with Senator GILLIBRAND . That act provides for more flexibility for military families. It allows mili-tary families, for the first time, to meet one of the challenges they have when every 2 or 3 years they get a new assignment. If you are trying to stay because your spouse needs to finish a job or your kids need to finish a school year, that is really not part of the process anymore, but it now can be. We have a provision in law now that allows fami-lies to meet the challenges of a child finishing or starting a school year when their family thinks they should or a spouse completing a job or start-ing a job based on their schedule rather than the military’s schedule. This will help people stay in the military. It re-wards the support that families give to the military. It allows the family to ei-ther move early or to remain at their current duty station for up to 6 months while their spouse begins a new assign-ment or while their spouse stays a lit-tle longer behind to complete that as-signment. The spouse has to assume the responsibility for how they take care of themselves in that interim, but the money follows the family or stays with the family. Right now, we have said to the fam-ily who wants to deal with that timing in a different way: Well, you can move early, but you have to pay to move early, or you can stay later, but you have to pay to stay later. I have talked to so many people in the military, who have had a career in the military, who have stories to tell about the reasons they have left or the reasons they have almost left—because we just didn’t have this reasonable ability for a work purpose or an edu-cation purpose or kids or spouses, ei-ther one—one woman we had in as a witness on this was finishing her Ph.D., and she needed to go a little earlier to get the semester started. Teaching as a graduate assistant, she needed to get there a little early to get the semester started. I think she was told at the time: Well, if you get a divorce from your husband, we will see that you re-locate, but as long as you are married, you are going to have to go when he goes. And he didn’t go at the time they were told he was going to go. All those things can be much easier dealt with now, and fortunately that is now part of our law. I want to once again thank Chairman MCCAIN particularly and Samantha Clark on his staff, who worked so hard to finalize this provision. 
TRIBUTE TO CAPTAIN SAM BURKE  
Mr. President, I also would like to recognize an individual who has been absolutely vital to my work on the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act, my work on the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, and really the overall national security issues we deal with. Capt. Sam Burke, our military detailee, has been with us for the last year. I think this has been a benefit for him, but I know it has been a benefit for us. Sam is a proud Missourian. I have had a number of military detailees. He is the first Missourian we have had. He is a military detailee who has been absolutely instrumental in the Military Family Stability Act and has brought his experience to our of-fice. Sam was instrumental in helping us finish that act. Sam has been with us a year. His par-ents still live in Charleston, MO. His father, Jim Burke, is a fourth-genera-tion farmer in Mississippi County. His mother, Jeanne, is a special education teacher who retired recently. Sam’s brother, Evin, is carrying on the farm-ing tradition and works with his father as a fifth-generation farmer. As you would imagine, Sam was raised the right way, with strong Mis-souri values, but those Missouri values were, I am sure, definitely enhanced by the effect of the U.S. Naval Academy, where Sam went to school and grad-uated in 2010. He has deployed to Oki-nawa, Japan, been in support of mul-tiple exercises throughout Southeast Asia, including Cambodia and Thai-land. He has been a real resource for us. He has provided an important per-spective on a number of foreign policy issues, ranging from Colombia, to Aus-tralia, to Russia, to the Balkans. He has been a great help on veterans issues and a tremendous asset to our office from day one. I wish Captain Burke all the best in the next chapter of his military career. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:01 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.018 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7872 December 6, 2017 
I thank his fiance´e, Sarah, and all his family and friends who support him for the sacrifices he has made serving the country and will continue to make. He is a first-class marine, a consummate professional, and an exceptional indi-vidual. We are going to miss him, but the country is going to continue to benefit from his service. For Sam Burke and all those who serve, we are grateful. For the hard- working families in America, I think we are taking a right step with the tax act, just as we took the right step for military families with the Military Family Stability Act. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from West Virginia. Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I en-joyed hearing the remarks of my fellow Senator from Missouri. I wish Sam well in his next deployment as a military li-aison, and I thank him, as well, for serving our country. 
CHILDREN ’S HEALTH INSURANCE PROGRAM  
I come to the floor today to talk about tax reform and its benefits for middle-class families across this Na-tion. First I wish to highlight a pro-gram that is critical to these families, especially children; that is, the State Children’s Health Insurance Program or, as it is referred to across the Na-tion, CHIP. For more than 20 years—and really since the very beginning, when I first began serving in the West Virginia House of Delegates—CHIP was one of the first programs for which I became a strong champion. That is because I un-derstood how critical it was then for families in West Virginia and how crit-ical it is now. When I was in the State legislature in the nineties, I served on the com-mittee charged with creating and im-plementing the State Children’s Health Insurance Program. My voting record on this issue has been very clear. As a Member of the House of Representatives and now in the U.S. Senate, I have voted numerous times to fund and expand the CHIP pro-gram. In my State of West Virginia—a smaller State—22,000 children are in the West Virginia CHIP program. That includes over 10,000 families. It is es-sential for these working families. It is essential that we recognize that some working families are unable to get in-surance. Maybe they can get it for the person who is working, or the spouse, but a lot of times it is prohibitive to get insurance for the children at the same time. That is where CHIP comes in. It is preventive. It is for sickness and illness. It has really helped to im-prove the health of our young people in the State of West Virginia. I was pleased that the bill passed out of the Finance Committee with strong bipartisan support, and I want to thank them for their efforts. I have also spoken with Leader M
CCONNELL , and he is very favorable about the need to reach a solution for this by year’s end. Thousands of West Virginia families and children who rely on this program need to know that it is going to be there. We know we are run-ning up against a funding deadline and expiration; we have already passed the expiration date. So I look forward to working to-gether with Members of the Senate on both sides of the aisle to reauthorize CHIP and the CHIP program as soon as possible. That will be a good Christmas present. Mr. President, another issue I wish to speak about is a policy that I think will greatly benefit families in West Virginia and across this Nation; that is, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that we passed last week. I was very proud to vote for that—proud because I under-stand what this legislation can mean to the working families and so many people in our States. Today, I would like to explain exactly why I did vote for the bill. First I wish to speak about the 83 percent of West Virginia families who file and don’t use itemization. They file the short form. For those fami-lies—83 percent of those filers—that is double the standard deduction, double the child tax credit, which means sig-nificant tax savings. I voted for the bill because it cuts taxes for folks in all income brackets. These are the people who are tired of Washington telling them how to spend their hard-working dollars or, even yet, Washington spending their hard-work-ing dollars for them. Now we are tell-ing these hard-working men and women that they can keep more of their own dollars to make those deci-sions. They can decide how to spend it. This is not a novel idea, but I think a very welcome increase in our tax dol-lars coming home. They will be wel-comed by every individual family. So whether they are spending it on some-thing that helps them today or tomor-row or whether they are saving for the future, let’s let them make that deci-sion. The point is that decision should be theirs. I also voted for this bill because it helps American businesses of all sizes. It will empower our small businesses to grow and thrive. We had a small busi-ness that came to Capitol Hill last week from the Eastern Panhandle. Many of them had different reasons as to why this was going to help their small businesses. Yes, a tax cut means more money for them to invest in their own business and is a big positive for many of them. But one particular small business owner said: Do you know what I really want? I want more time with my family, more time to de-vote to my family and my church. So while I am an owner of a small business and devote all of my time to the small business, give me the time back that it takes me to comply with the U.S. Tax Code. Simplify this, and give me that time to devote to my family and my church. I also feel that not just small busi-nesses are going to grow, but it is also going to help men and women have more job opportunities and higher wages. When it comes to our larger businesses and corporations, it makes them more competitive. Even in a small State like mine, 50 percent of our private workforce works in a larger— well, actually works for a small busi-ness; I think it is 30 percent who work for a larger corporation. But as that corporation becomes more competitive globally and our products become more competitive, the result of that is going to be higher wages, more sales, more jobs, more opportunities, more expan-sion into our State and not beyond our borders. I voted for this bill last week because it gives our economy a big boost. I challenge anybody who is watching this closely or feels in their family or in their State budget or in their per-sonal budget—who says that this coun-try’s economy is growing fast enough or is robust enough or everybody is benefiting. We know that is not the case. We see it in our towns. I live in a relatively small area. Com-munities in my State of West Virginia and across this country have been forced to deal with the consequences of a struggling economy—shuttered stores, closing schools, falling real es-tate prices. This is what happens when everything contracts or stays so stag-nant. It has really affected many as-pects of our lives. I voted for this tax bill because I am just not OK with that. I am not OK with standing still. If you are standing still, you are losing. We need to move this economy for-ward. We need to make it work for ev-erybody. So, basically, I have had enough. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act rep-resents a new direction for America— one that provides hope, prosperity, and a chance to really turn things around for a lot of people. Of course, as with many legislative accomplishments of this magnitude, concerns have been raised from some of those who feel differently. That is what a conference committee is about. We hear concerns. We have heard them from our constituents, and I am sure the House has heard them from their constituents. That is what the con-ference committee is all about. I have been raising the ones that I have heard in West Virginia to my friends who are going to be a part of the conference process. So, as I have said many times, this is a significant moment for our country. I believe we haven’t done major tax re-form in 31 years. It is well past time. It will provide a significant opportunity, and it requires big and bold action. We do a lot of little things around here that help people, and those are great. But it is rare that we can do something big and bold that is going to help so many people in this country. Let me go back to my statistics. Eighty-three percent of the people in West Virginia file without itemization. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:01 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.019 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7873 December 6, 2017 
They are going to be getting a doubling of the standard deduction, a doubling of the child tax credit—a tax cut, tax relief. Keep the money; make the deci-sions in your own family. It is pre-dicted because of the simplification factor that that number of 83 percent will actually rise in many States, mine included. I think this big and bold action we are about to embark on is something we can look at with great pride. I ask my colleagues on both sides to sin-cerely look at this and join us in our efforts to provide tax relief, tax re-form, tax cuts, and an economic boost to our country—which we so des-perately need. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Dakota. Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I am pleased to follow my esteemed col-league from West Virginia. I wish to join her in her comments and empha-size what she emphasized so well—that this really is all about hard-working taxpayers across this country, not just in terms of making sure they keep more of their hard-earned dollars after taxes but making sure that their wages and income go up. Over the last decade, we have seen real stagnation in terms of wages and income. So as we work on this tax package, we want to make sure that across all income groups, we see real tax relief. The other aspect of this bill is that it is pro-growth. It is about stimulating investment across this country by en-trepreneurs, by innovators, by small companies—and, with big companies, bringing money from overseas back home to America, to create jobs in America. As we create those jobs, that competition for labor pushes wages and salaries higher. So it really is a two- for. It is about real tax relief for hard- working Americans, and it is about making sure that their wages and in-come go up. These are just some of the estimates that have been put forward so far as to the impact that this tax relief package will have. According to the Council of Economic Advisers, there will be $4,000 in higher wages. So that is what I am talking about. It is not just tax relief; it is about higher wages. For an aver-age family of four—median income, av-erage family of four—there will be a savings of $2,200 in taxes. That is from the nonpartisan Tax Foundation. So it is the combination of both of those things: higher wages, lower taxes. It comes from creating more jobs. The estimate is, again from the Coun-cil of Economic Advisers, almost 1 mil-lion more jobs. It is those jobs that not only create opportunity, but that com-petition for workers is what pushes those wages higher. Also, a 3.7-percent larger economy— that larger economy is a very impor-tant consideration, as well, because by growing the base, even with lower taxes, you generate more revenue, more revenue for the government to in-vest in our priorities and to reduce the debt and deficit over time. Of course, we have to find savings where we can, but at the same time we have to have economic growth to address debt and the deficit, and that is exactly what we create, not just through tax relief but the combination of tax relief and the regulatory relief that we have done through the course of this year. It is that regulatory relief and that tax re-lief that really empower our small businesses across the country, which are really the backbone of our econ-omy. We are talking farmers, ranchers, small businesses of all kinds. We are talking entrepreneurs. We are talking innovators. We are talking about the job creators in this country, creating more jobs and opportunity, and the wage earners and the workers bene-fiting through lower taxes and higher wages. This next chart shows that the tax relief really comes across all income groups. That is something that obvi-ously has been discussed, and that is what we are doing here. We are making sure that across every single income group, there is a tax cut. So the effort is to focus on lower income, middle-in-come workers, but to make sure that there is tax relief across all groups. The way we focus on lower income workers is by increasing the standard deduction. We more than double the standard deduction from about $6,000 today to $12,000 for an individual. So for a married couple, that is $24,000. For a single individual who has depend-ents whom he or she is taking care of, whether those are children or maybe a parent or a relative, it is $18,000 for an individual. Now, with that higher standard de-duction, we will find that 9 out of 10 people will not itemize. They will not itemize. That means their tax return will be one page. They can complete it on one page. It is simple, easy, and then they can send it in. That is 9 out of 10 filers with this new higher standard deduction. It not only makes sure we provide relief to low- and middle-income taxpayers, but it makes it much simpler to fill out that tax return. At the same time, we keep other de-ductions and exemptions that are very important to people. For example, the child tax credit is doubled. The child tax credit goes from $1,000 to $2,000. We are doubling the child tax credit. To help with college, we make sure people can open a 529 savings account so they can save money for college and for the education of their young people. Businesses will be encouraged to pro-vide paid family and medical leave by receiving a tax credit to partially off-set the pay of an employee who is car-ing for a child or a family member. Other important deductions that we continue—the mortgage interest deduc-tion. That is very important. We con-tinue the deductibility of the mortgage interest on your home. We continue that very important and very popular tax deduction. We continue the deduct-ibility of charitable contributions. For charitable organizations that need those contributions to continue to fund their important activities, we continue that tax deductibility. We continue the child and dependent tax care credit, the adoption tax credit, the earned-in-come tax credit to help families with children, working families with chil-dren. We continue the 401(k) retire-ment deduction. That was one that had been discussed, and there was concern expressed that that might be reduced, and we didn’t. We continue the deduct-ibility of medical expenses. For exam-ple, seniors or others who may have a lot of medical expenses can continue to deduct the cost of those medical ex-penses. In all these cases, we have worked very hard to make it simpler and to make sure that for low- and middle-in-come workers, we are providing that tax relief. This next chart goes to what we call passthroughs. As I mentioned earlier, the heart and soul of our economy are small businesses. We want to make sure that we are providing tax relief for small businesses across this country so that they can invest, create more jobs, and hire more workers. For larger businesses or businesses that are multinational, what we are doing is making our Tax Code competi-tive. What that does is that creates an incentive for the larger companies to bring capital back home that is cur-rently overseas, invest it in America, and create jobs in America. That is called repatriation. Leading economists estimate that there is more than $2.5 trillion that U.S. corporations have overseas that they would bring back home, bring back to America with this tax relief, and invest in America. That is all about them building plants at home, creating jobs at home, creating Amer-ican jobs, rather than investing some-where else in the world. That not only creates jobs and more opportunity— again, that push for higher wages and income—it also brings back revenue that helps pay for this tax cut for the individuals and for smaller companies as well. When they come back and in-vest here, that generates tax revenue in America rather than somewhere else, in some other country. We want the larger multinationals to come back and invest in America. For our smaller companies, our passthroughs, we want to make sure they have the ability, through regu-latory relief and tax relief, to expand and grow their businesses. That is what you see here. With the work we have done for small businesses across every income group, small businesses are getting a tax break. The reason it is done across income groups is that passthroughs are taxed at the individual level. So wheth-er it is a sub S corporation or a part-nership or a limited liability partner-ship or a limited liability corporation, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:01 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.022 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7874 December 6, 2017 
the income earned by those small busi-nesses is passed through to the owners and the investors, and then it is taxed at that individual level. So what we show is, across the board, those small businesses are keeping more of their money so they can put it in plant and equipment rather than send it to the Federal Government. I am going to go through some of the things that we have either kept or added for small businesses, particularly some, for example, in the ag area, which is very important to my State, but things that we have kept that real-ly help all small businesses. They in-clude, first, lowering the rate. We start by lowering the rate. Across every in-come group, we lower that tax rate. The House plan has four different tax rates. We have seven different tax rates, which compares to the seven that we have right now, but we drop them all. We reduce each one of those rates. That is important to understand because that is the objective. We want to make sure that tax relief is provided across the board. There has been some discussion about, well, does that create more com-plexity in terms of having seven dif-ferent tax rates the way we do today? Really, it doesn’t. The complexity in determining what you have to pay in taxes comes from calculating your tax-able income. That is what we have greatly simplified, as I described ear-lier. By keeping the seven tax rates, we make sure we provide an income break across every different income group, every different business group. Again, this is about providing tax relief. It starts with lowering, obviously, those rates for businesses. We also provide other very important incentives for investment. Remember, this is about pro-growth investment to grow the economy and increase wages. One of those is expensing. That is very important. When a business puts out cash to invest in plant and equipment, they are out those dollars. If they can’t deduct that expense up front, it is a lot harder for them to make that expendi-ture. For the first 5 years, we provide full expensing. That is incredibly impor-tant. Whether it is a farm in my State of North Dakota or a small business in my colleague’s State of North Caro-lina, if they can write off that ex-pense—that plant, cattle, equipment, whether it is new farm machinery or any kind of business equipment—then they are able to make that investment and grow their business. We not only provide that full expens-ing for the first 5 years—with a step-down over the next 4—on a permanent basis, we keep section 179 expensing, which is a very popular investment in-centive for small business. That en-sures that small businesses can expense up to $1 million a year in plant and equipment, and it doesn’t start phasing out until they get over $2.5 million in expenditures. On a permanent ongoing basis, that provides incredible cer-tainty for the millions of small busi-nesses across this country to keep in-vesting—buying new plants, new equip-ment, growing their business—and that is the absolute backbone of our econ-omy and job creation. Those are the kinds of provisions that make such a huge difference for our companies and that we have in-cluded in this tax relief package. Where are we in the process? We have moved our bill through the Senate. The House has moved their bill through the House. Now we are headed for con-ference. We need to continue to work to get the best possible product and pass it on the floor, and our objective is to get that done before the end of the year. This process is important. I am going to mention a couple of things in clos-ing here that show the importance of this process—moving it through the Senate, moving it through the House, and working in conference committee to get the very best product we can for the American people. For example, as we have moved this package through Senate, one of the things we added that I think is incred-ibly important is that you can deduct up to $10,000 in property tax. On your homestead, if you have property taxes up to $10,000, we have now included that in the Senate package. That is a very popular deduction that is impor-tant to many people. We added it in the Senate. The House has it. This is going to come out of conference and include that property tax deduction. I think it is very important and very helpful to getting a good tax relief package. Another one that I worked on di-rectly is making sure that car dealers and implement dealers—these are small businesses across the country— can continue to deduct the interest on their floor plan. So for their cars on the lot, the inventory that you go and look at when you buy a car, or, if they are in the ag business, the tractors and the equipment they have—they can de-duct that interest. That is incredibly important for them to be able to do business. That has been added as we have advanced this package. Another provision is IC-DISC. It sounds complicated, but it is simply an incentive for companies that will ex-port. Big companies do a pretty good job of exporting, and they have a lot of ways to do it, but for small companies, when they are making product in our country and are trying to send it to Australia or somewhere else, that is a tough proposition. We give them help through that IC-DISC program. Again, that is another example of how we tar-geted some of these tax deductions to small businesses or kept some of these programs that really help small busi-nesses and, again, make this package as pro-growth as we possibly can. At the end of the day, it is about keeping more of your hard-earned dol-lars after taxes, but it is also about growing this economy. Growing this economy is the rising tide that lifts all boats. That is what we are about. We can sit here and not do something like that and say: OK, business as usual. That is not what the American people want. The American people sent us here to make changes, real changes that are going to help us grow our economy, create more jobs, and create more opportunity; that are going to do more for border security; that are going to strength our military and strengthen law enforcement, the rule of law in this country; that are going to improve our healthcare. So these are the kinds of things we have to get done. These are the kinds of things the American people have sent us here and said: Hey, we need to get going on these things. That is exactly what we are doing. I certainly call on all of our col-leagues on both sides of the aisle to join together and get this done, get this tax relief done for the American people, and get it done before the year end. With that, I will defer to my es-teemed colleague from North Carolina. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The Senator from North Carolina. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, the tax cuts we passed last week—whether they are in North Carolina or North Dakota, working families are going to benefit from them. Over the course of the next days and weeks that we nego-tiate with the House on a final package that will go to the President, we are going to hear all kinds of interesting claims made on the Senate floor. I was presiding, Mr. President, before you relieved me from the Chair, and I heard one of the speeches we are going to hear several times—we passed this tax bill so that we can actually now cut support for people who need the government safety net. That sounds absurd. It sounds absurd on several lev-els. No. 1, it is not a very kind thing to do. No. 2, it is not a very wise thing do. Let me put in another claim. I can try to put them together. They are say-ing that we are passing a tax increase on working families in America. What they forget is the dot, dot, dot—maybe 7 or 8 years from now if we decide to raise taxes. Highly unlikely. But in the here and now and next year, after this tax bill gets passed, working families are going to get a tax cut. How on Earth can you look at a standard deduction doubling—we are going from $6,000 to $12,000 per indi-vidual and $24,000 per family. What does the standard deduction mean? Some people may not understand it. It is pretty simple. That standard deduc-tion means that money isn’t going to get taxed. So we are increasing the number of people who will not pay taxes. One of the brackets we haven’t talked about, and I think we should, is the number of people who go to a zero tax bracket under the Senate plan and, to a large extent, under the House plan. Then we talk about the child tax 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:01 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.024 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7875 December 6, 2017 
credit. Now let’s talk about a working mother, a single mom with a child. The first $12,000 isn’t going to be taxed, and then another $2,000 per child would not be taxed before you would even be sub-ject to tax. That is the reality of this plan. It is not an increase in taxes. Those who oppose this plan are try-ing to talk about a hypothetical possi-bility 7 or 8 years from now that I don’t believe is going to happen. One of the reasons why I believe it is highly un-likely to happen is because we are going to have economic growth from this tax plan. The way you get economic growth— you also have to recognize that in the United States, we have the highest cor-porate tax rate in the world. When peo-ple are trying to set up shop today, they don’t have to necessarily set up shop in the United States to do busi-ness in the United States; they go to the lowest cost jurisdiction. I don’t fault a business for doing that. When I am confronted with maybe the desire to set up a business in, say, North Carolina or somewhere else in the United States, if it is going to cost me substantially more, of course I am going to make the business decision to go where I have the most resources necessary to produce the product or service that I want to provide. By cutting corporate taxes and by cutting what we call the passthrough tax, which is handling all businesses, whether they are a C corporation or a passthrough entity—I won’t get into the details, but they are the two dif-ferent ways businesses set up to pay their taxes. By lowering that tax bur-den on businesses, we are going to see economic growth. After the tax cuts are put into place, we are immediately going to see a re-duction in the tax burden for working families. That is going to be from the increases in deductions and the low-ering of the tax burden. Over time, we are going to see additional money going into the pockets of working fam-ilies, because I firmly believe that through economic activity, we are going to see an upward increase in wages. We are going to see median in-comes go up. We are going to see people lifted out of poverty. The reason I be-lieve that is because we have done it in North Carolina. We were roundly criti-cized—the same way people did on this floor—when I was serving in the State legislature, and we delivered on a promise we made if we got a majority in the State of North Carolina. We went on to decrease the tax burden on businesses and decrease the tax burden on individuals, and we have seen our income to the State go up—more money, more resources in the State to do good things for people in North Carolina. One of the good things we do is continue to lower the tax burden be-cause our economy is growing at rates it has not seen in decades in North Carolina. That is what is going to hap-pen in the United States. It also provides us with resources to help those who truly need help. The other argument that suddenly we are going to pay for this tax cut by harm-ing people on Medicare and Medicaid is absurd. All of us here have mothers and fathers, aunts and uncles, maybe brothers and sisters who rely on Medi-care, Medicaid, and Social Security as their primary source of income. How anybody can come to this floor and say that I am going to tell my 85-year-old mother—Mom, I am sorry if you are watching this because I know you hate it when I mention your age—who relies on Medicare and relies on Social Secu-rity that we are going to come to this Chamber and betray that trust and break that promise that we made to them is absurd. Are we talking about things we can do so I can make a promise to these pages when they get old someday—I know it is hard for you to imagine you are going to get old someday, but you will. What we are talking about is making sure that we can fulfill that promise for the generations who have not yet relied on Medicare and Social Security. If we don’t act, we are going to harm the very people whom other people in this Chamber profess to be helping. We have a fiscal crisis out there that we have to deal with, but it has no con-nection to what we are trying to do with tax reform. People say we passed the tax reform bill so that we can harm other people and pay for the tax cuts through cuts to our entitlement pro-grams or safety net programs. It is not happening. We justified this tax pack-age based on what we believe to be eco-nomic growth. This tax bill will be funded through economic growth. This tax bill will be funded by more people making higher wages, more businesses being successful and hiring other peo-ple, and the United States being more competitive on the global stage. That is how we pay for this tax package. Again, I speak from a bit of experi-ence because we did tax reform over the last 5 years in North Carolina. It wasn’t perfect. That is why we came back and made some changes after we realized there were some unintended consequences, which is the last thing I will talk about. We are now going into what they call conference. Today, what you are ob-serving is a period of time that we have to pass through in the Chamber before we can vote to go to conference. When we go to conference, it means that the House and the Senate will get together and we will try to work out our dif-ferences. One of the things we have to do is work out some things that we have identified that may be unintended consequences of the bill, to make sure that we minimize any negative impact that wasn’t thought through until we can begin to work through some of the models. That is going to happen. I think the conferencing process will produce a better bill. But more than anything else, we need to recognize that it is time to de-liver on a promise we made to the American people. We need to be the Congress that, for the first time in over 30 years, actually delivers on the prom-ise of reducing the tax burden and get-ting the economy back on track—the way it hasn’t been for quite some time. That is why I am proud to have voted for the tax plan. That is why I will be proud to vote for the plan that goes to the President’s desk. That is why I will be proud to stand in this Chamber, just a couple of years from now, and dem-onstrate that the courage we are dis-playing by moving forward with this bill is going to produce a result for the American people that benefits every single person all across the socio-economic spectrum. I appreciate the opportunity to tell the American people again: Don’t nec-essarily believe everything that is going to be said in this Chamber in the next couple of days or couple of weeks. American people, don’t be afraid when you hear that one or the other party is working hard so we can harm people who rely on our safety net. Don’t be-lieve it. It is not true. Don’t believe that we have decided that it was a great political strategy to raise taxes 7 years from now. Don’t believe that it is an immediate tax increase, because that is empirically untrue. Believe that we are doing everything we can to fulfill our promise, and be-lieve that, if we do this, everybody in the United States is going to benefit. We are going to be a stronger nation. We are going to be a more competitive Nation, and we are going to have a point in time in Congress when we ac-tually came here and did what we said we were going to do. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
DACA  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, 16 years ago I introduced the DREAM Act. The idea behind the legislation was that if you were brought here to America as a child by your parents, you are undocu-mented, you grew up in this country, you don’t have a serious criminal record, and you have completed school, you deserve a chance to earn your way into legal status into America. You had nothing to say about the decision of your family to come here. You have grown up in this country. If you want to be a part of our future, you should be given a chance. It was a pretty basic idea. It has been debated for a long time. President Barack Obama stepped up and said: Since we haven’t passed that law, I will create something called DACA, or Deferred Action for Child-hood Arrivals. Under that Executive order, the peo-ple I just described can be protected 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:01 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.026 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7876 December 6, 2017 
from being deported for 2 years at a time. They have to go through a crimi-nal background check, they have to pay a $500 fee, and they get the tem-porary ability to live in the United States without fear of being deported and to work in this country. Well, 780,000 young people came for-ward and signed up and went on with their lives—going to school, getting jobs, becoming part of America. DACA- eligible people joined our military. They weren’t American citizens, but 900 of them joined our military, willing to sacrifice their lives in defense of a country which doesn’t legally recog-nize them as lawful immigrants. Some 20,000 of them became teachers in schools all across the United States. Most of them are students, who are working because they can’t qualify for Federal assistance to go to school, and there are some amazing stories. So there they were kind of in limbo— half here, half not here—uncertain about their future, but with the protec-tion of that Executive order. President Trump came in and said: It is over. As of September 5, he ended this DACA protection—saying, prospectively, that the final day for it is March 5, 2018—for 780,000 people. The President then said to Congress: Now, do something. Pass a law. Take care of these people. Well, 3 months have passed and we have done nothing—nothing. In fact, we have done little or nothing on the floor of the Senate for the last several months. We haven’t done this, and it is still unresolved as to whether or not they are going to have a chance to be a part of America’s future or for young people like them to have a similar chance—unresolved. We have to do something about that and we have to do it soon because every day 120 of these young people lose their protection under DACA. That is almost 1,000 a week. So far, 10,000 of them have fallen out of protec-tion under DACA. What does it mean under practical terms? First, it is the fear of being de-ported. You are no longer protected. You are undocumented in America. You can be deported: A knock on the door, and you are gone. Do these young people know that? Of course they do. I see them every week-end. I sit down with them. They are emotionally distraught over the possi-bility of their lives ending as they know it—being deported to countries they have never been to before, facing languages they don’t know. Think about that possibility. You are 18 or 19 years old, and now you are being deported back to Bolivia, where you have never been. You may not speak Spanish very well, but now you are going to be tossed back into Bolivia where you came from. So now the question is this: What will we do about this? Will Congress act or wait? Some voices on the floor of the Sen-ate have said: Well, let’s try to get around to this next year. Well, you cer-tainly can’t look at the floor of the Senate today, or virtually any day, and say we are so swamped with work we just can’t take this up. Of course we can, and we should. I want to salute my Republican col-leagues, a number of whom have stepped up and said: Let’s sit down and work this out once and for all. These young people deserve a chance. Let’s give them that chance. Their stories are nothing short of inspiring. This is Yuriana Aguilar. Yuriana Aguilar was 5 years old when her fam-ily brought her here from Mexico. She grew up near Fresno, CA, where she was quite a good student. She was in the top 1 percent of her high school class and graduated as valedictorian. She was involved in a lot of activities, was a member of the high school Jun-ior ROTC Program, volunteered at re-tirement homes, and, with a group called Tree Fresno, planted trees in her community. She first learned about her immigra-tion status when she was a senior in high school. She thought she was OK. She learned she was wrong. She tried to apply for financial aid, and they said: You are not documented. You are not legally in America. She came here at the age of 5, and she learned about it much later in life. She didn’t give up. She just said: This can’t be the end of my story. She was accepted at the University of Cali-fornia, Merced. She majored in biologi-cal science, made the dean’s list every semester, and was on the chancellor’s honor list. She conducted research in marine bi-ology, as well as in atherosclerosis. Ex-cuse me, Yuriana, if I messed that up; I am a liberal arts lawyer. It looks like that. It is the question of the buildup of fat, cholesterol, and other sub-stances in arteries. She continued her community service, volunteered for the Boys and Girls Club, for a local hos-pital, and with the church’s Sunday school program. After she graduated, she couldn’t pursue her dream of becoming a sci-entist because she was undocumented, but she didn’t give up. She said: This can’t be it. So she volunteered at a re-search lab, where she wasn’t going to get paid but where she was able to con-tinue studying and learning. Then, President Obama created DACA, the Executive order I referred to, in 2012. Because of that, she was al-lowed to apply to the University of California, Merced, for the Ph.D. pro-gram in quantitative and systems biol-ogy. Her research focused on sudden cardiac death, the leading cause of nat-ural death in the United States. Last year, Yuriana became the first undocumented person at the University of California, Merced, to receive a Ph.D. Listen to what the dean of the School of Natural Sciences said: 
Yuriana’s work is stunning, and it will have significant impact on our knowledge of the workings of the heart at the cellular level. The potential benefit of her research in cardiac care is enormous. She is now a postdoctoral fellow and instructor at Rush University Medical Center in Chicago, a city I am honored to represent. I was just with her last week. This is a picture of her in her lab. She continues her research on heart health, thanks to DACA, but it is com-ing to an end. President Trump has ended the program that allows her to stay and study in the United States of America. She is not going to give up, she says. She wants to bring her medical knowl-edge and expertise back to the Central Valley in California, where she grew up. During her childhood, she saw how people’s financial situations often de-termined their healthcare. She wants to establish a research-based hospital to make sure that the same top quality healthcare is available even for lower income families. She sent me a letter. She told me about the day that DACA was an-nounced. She was in a research lab doing what she loves to do. She had a human heart in her hand that was beating with an artificial valve outside the body, and when she saw the news, she cried. She said: ‘‘I’m finally out of the shadows.’’ So can she wait? Should she leave? Those are the basic questions we face. Should we do something now? Should we roll up our sleeves, Democrats and Republicans, and solve this problem? Should there be any doubt that we want Yuriana to stay in the United States and continue this amazing re-search? Of course, we do. Here we are, trying to attract foreigners to come study in the United States on the mere chance that they will turn out to be as produc-tive as this young lady with her Ph.D. is going to be. She made it through American schools. She beat the odds when it came to college and graduate degrees, without her having the help of government loans. She is a pretty de-termined young woman. Her deter-mination is not only going to mean that she has an opportunity for a great life; it is an opportunity to make the lives of so many of us better. This is a simple issue of justice and fairness. That is what is at the heart of it. People come to the floor and want to make this about so many other issues in the immigration system. Can I tell you this? Our immigration sys-tem is a mess. It is broken down. It has so many problems. I know. I sat for 6 months and drew up a comprehensive immigration bill with my fellow Re-publican and Democratic colleagues. We passed it in the Senate, and the House wouldn’t even consider it. Our immigration system is broken. Please do not put on Yuriana’s shoul-ders the responsibility of fixing every part of our immigration system. Give her the chance that she needs to make America a better nation. Give her the justice that she deserves through her hard work and determination. That is what this comes down to. If we make 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:01 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.028 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7877 December 6, 2017 
the Dream Act the law of the land, young people like Yuriana can prove that they can work their way into legal status, work their way into citi-zenship, and become valuable parts of America’s future. Please, to my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, let’s roll up our sleeves and do what we were sent to do—solve problems, pass laws, and make sure that we set the stage for America to be a better nation in years to come. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine. Mr. KING. Mr. President, a little bit later this afternoon, I am going to be offering a motion to instruct conferees in connection with the tax bill that may be one of the most simple, straightforward motions ever offered in this body. I will read it in its entirety: We move that the managers on the part of the Senate at the conference on the dis-agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill, H.R. 1, be instructed to insist that the final conference report not in-crease the Federal budget deficit for the period of the fiscal years 2018 through 2027. It could not be more straightforward: Don’t increase the budget deficit. Why? This chart basically tells the story. We are headed, literally, into un-charted territory with regard to our national debt. It is a threat to this country. It is a threat to our national security. It is a threat to every man, woman, and, especially, to every child, because they are the people who are going to have to pay this debt. This is the history of our debt, in constant dollars, going all the way back to the Revolutionary War, and it tells a very powerful story. At the very beginning of our country, in 1790, we incurred a big piece of debt to pay for the Revolutionary War. They paid it off. There was another mountain of debt to pay for the Civil War. It was paid off. The debt goes up again to pay for World War I, and it was paid off. Then it goes up for the Great Depression and then to a peak in World War II. What happened after World War II? As we all know, World War II was fought—our country was defended, and victory was achieved—by something that has been called the ‘‘greatest gen-eration,’’ and the ‘‘greatest genera-tion’’ paid its bills. It paid off the debt from World War II. It went down in the seventies and then back up again in the eighties. Here is where we are today. The bill that was passed in the dead of night, early on Saturday morning, adds $1.5 trillion to that debt—$1.5 trillion. We are adding to the debt at a time of low unemployment, enormous growth in the stock market, and a rel-atively strong economy. It is not per-fect, by any means, but compared to where we were 5 or 6 years ago, we are in positive territory on the economy. That is when you should pay down debt, not add to it unnecessarily. If we were in a crisis, if we were in a recession, if we were in a conflict that required immediate mobilization, that is when you would want to add to the debt. That is what you borrow for. We are borrowing to pay park rangers’ sal-aries, and we are borrowing to pay for the ordinary operation of government. Now we are borrowing to give major tax cuts during a time of relatively positive economic growth. I know that it is not as high as it should be and as high as we want it to be, but this bill we passed, which is going to add to the debt, is not going to do much of any-thing to assist us with growth. The analysis of the Joint Committee on Taxation is that it will add eight- tenths of 1 percent to GDP growth in 10 years. That is almost immeasurable. It doesn’t come close, by the way, for paying for itself. It doesn’t come close—maybe 15 or 20 percent. By the way, that is an interesting number be-cause all of the studies that I have seen about tax cuts and their effects on eco-nomic growth indicate that they do about 20 percent of their cost. The other 80 percent is eaten by our kids. It is unethical what we are doing. If 5-year-olds knew what we were doing and could vote, we would all be out of a job because they are the ones who are going to have to pay this bill. You see this mountain climbing, and it doesn’t take a lot of imagination to see that we are going to be higher than at World War II in a matter of a few years, added to by this bill that we just passed the other night. It is uncon-scionable. It is unnecessary. If, indeed, we were going to expand the economy by 3 or 4 percent a year and everybody were to say that that was what we were going for, then, maybe—OK?—3 percent a year times 10 is 30 percent growth. We are talking about eight-tenths of 1 percent over 10 years—not per year, over 10 years. My motion is very, very simple: Don’t come back with a bill that adds to the deficit. There are lots of ways that we can do tax reform. There are lots of ways that we can cut corporate taxes and make ourselves more competitive. We can do offshore tax cuts. There is a lot of abil-ity to do this without hammering the deficit. In fact, I understand that, as of this morning, we improved the finances of this bill by mistake to the tune of $389 billion—a mistake in the bill that we passed—because we did it so fast that nobody knew what was in it. I have a new rule. The faster a bill goes through the Congress, the worse it is, and I think that is what we have seen in this case. We can deal with tax reform. We can increase our competitiveness. We can get our taxes aligned, particularly our business taxes, with the rest of the world without loading this debt onto our children. A tax cut, when all you are doing is borrowing to fill the hole, is not a cut. It is a shift of the tax from you to your kids. You are on your deathbed. You are lying there, and you say to your chil-dren: Come on over. I will give you my last words. They go over, and they are listening. They want wisdom. What you say is this: Here is the credit card. We had a great trip to Aca-pulco. You can pay for it. That is not responsible. Nobody would do that. Yet that is exactly what we are doing in this bill. It is wrong, and it is not necessary. I think one of the questions that we are going to have to ask and answer and that we are going to see—it is going to play out—is what companies are going to do with this newfound in-come when the taxes are cut dramati-cally from 35 percent to 20 percent. Is that money going to go into new plants and equipment? Is it going to go into wages? Is it going to increase people’s wages and productivity? Is it going to go into stock buybacks, which raise the values of the stocks? That is great for the owners, but it doesn’t do a thing for the workers, and it doesn’t do much for the U.S. economy. Again, my motion could not be more straightforward and simple: Work on the tax bill in conference, but I think that you are going to have a hard time making a good bill out of it. Whatever you do, come back with something that is deficit-neutral. By the way, that is where this discussion started. Last January, the leadership in both Houses and in both parties was talking about deficit-neutral tax reform. Somewhere along the way, it became: Let’s break the bank; let’s add new debt for our kids; let’s create a situa-tion in which we are not going to have any slack when we need it. No business would run this way, and it is wrong for us to try to run the country this way. I am going to make this motion. Many of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle have been talking to me and to the country for years about the dan-gers of the deficit. Suddenly, I predict, if this bill becomes law, at about the time the ink is dry, they are going to say: Oh, my Lord. We have a deficit. Look at that. I didn’t know that. We are going to have to cut spending. We are going to have to cut Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security because we have this huge deficit. We don’t have to add to it and make it worse in this tax bill. That is what is really bothering me, because the very people who have been talking to me and to whom I have been listening for 20 years about how serious the deficit is, I was fool enough to be-lieve. I think it is a serious problem, and I think we need to address it, but this is the opposite of addressing it. We are making it worse at the very time that we should be talking about paying down the debt, not adding to it. We can do better. The American peo-ple expect more of us. We can do bet-ter, and I believe and deeply hope that we will come to our senses and do bet-ter in connection with this bill. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.030 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7878 December 6, 2017 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, first, I want to express strong support for Senator K
ING’s motion and for the ar-gument that he is making about the debt. I couldn’t agree more. I also rise to speak on my motion to instruct, which I will be offering in just a few moments, to direct the con-ference committee for this bill to add a provision that would return the cor-porate tax rate to its current levels if wages do not increase by at least $4,000. That is the promise that has been made over and over to working men and women—that these cuts that are being made and changes that are being made will result in at least $4,000 in in-creased wages, in people’s pockets. I think they have the right to know that the majority means that when they say it and to make sure that that is writ-ten into the final bill. The reason for this motion is very clear. As I indicated, Republicans have promised American families an in-crease in incomes of $4,000, $7,000, even $9,000. I think that is great, and I would strongly support that. There is no evi-dence that this approach will do that, and, so far, there has not been a will-ingness to put language in to guar-antee that that is what will happen for middle-class working men and women. President Trump has called this bill, in his words, a ‘‘great, big, beautiful Christmas present’’ for the American people. I would argue that, in reality, at this point, it is a great, big, beau-tiful Christmas present for the wealthi-est 1 percent. As for middle-class fami-lies, not so much—it is more like a lump of coal. It keeps a loophole that let’s corpora-tions write off their expenses when they ship jobs overseas, but if you move from one end of the country to Michigan for a great new job, you can-not write off your moving expenses. Big businesses can keep deducting their State and local taxes, but, sorry, middle-class families: You can only de-duct a small portion of your State and local taxes. When they talk about mak-ing it simpler and closing loopholes, none of that is in this bill. In fact, oil companies will enjoy a brand new $4 billion offshore tax loophole. Mean-while, 87 million American households that earn less than $200,000 a year will get a tax increase. I will say that again: 87 million American households that earn less than $200,000 will get a tax increase. Health insurance pre-miums would go up 10 percent and keep going up, while 13 million fewer people will have health insurance coverage. If that is what is considered a great big beautiful Christmas present, I would imagine Michigan families would say: No, I will keep the gift receipt and take it back to the store. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin said: ‘‘On the personal side, middle-in-come families are getting cuts and rich people are getting very little cuts.’’ Unfortunately, when added all up, he was very tricky. He said on the per-sonal tax side, but when adding it all up together, all of these proposals to-gether mean that folks like Secretary Mnuchin and others in the Cabinet in their income brackets will be the real winners. White House Budget Director Mick Mulvaney is making promises too. He said: ‘‘The White House, the President, is not going to sign a bill that raises taxes on the middle class, period.’’ I assume, then, that means he will not sign this bill. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent for 1 minute more. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. STABENOW. Thank you. The White House also promised the average American family would get a $4,000 raise in the tax plan. That is why I am here. What I am saying to the folks in Michigan is, the proof is in your paycheck. That is what this motion is all about. If my Republican colleagues are seri-ous about putting more money in the pockets of the middle class, which I want to do, I urge them to support this motion. We need to make sure that if folks are going to be promised at least $4,000 more in their wages, they get it. This motion would say, these new tax cuts only go forward if people get their $4,000. The proof is in their paycheck. That is what this motion is about, and if my colleagues really believe what they are saying and what the President has said, they will support this motion to make sure that guarantee is there for middle-class families. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
OOMEY ). The question is on agreeing to the compound motion. Mr. CORNYN. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER ) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 51, nays 47, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 306 Leg.] YEAS—51 
Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young NAYS—47 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Alexander Franken 
The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine. 
MOTION TO INSTRUCT  
Mr. KING. Mr. President, I have a motion at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Maine [Mr. KING] moves that the managers on the part of the Senate at the conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill H.R. 1 be in-structed to insist that the final conference report not increase the Federal budget def-icit for the period of fiscal years 2018 through 2027. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, there will now be 2 minutes of debate, equally divided, prior to a vote on the motion. The Senator from Maine. Mr. KING. Mr. President, this could not be a more simple motion. It simply says to the conferees to bring us back a tax bill that is deficit-neutral. It can be done. It should be done. We are in a period now where we have no business adding to the Federal def-icit. We know this bill will add at least $1 trillion to the deficit—probably more—if the middle-class tax cuts are extended, as everyone expects they will be. This is a burden we are placing on our children and our grandchildren. We are giving ourselves a tax cut and let-ting them pay for it. I believe that is wrong. It is bad policy. We are also utilizing whatever slack we have, as far as debt goes, now, when we are in relatively good times, and we will not have it available when we have a problem, such as a recession or some kind of—heaven forbid—attack on our country. The motion is very simple. This is a time when we should be paying down debt and not adding to it. If our chil-dren—if our 5-year-olds—knew what we were doing in this bill and could vote, we would be out of a job. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator’s time has expired. The Senator from Texas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.031 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7879 December 6, 2017 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask for our colleagues to vote no on the motion to instruct, unless you happen to believe that 2 percent and below growth is the new normal for the American economy, and we have no-where to go but down as a country; that people don’t react to incentives to keep more of what they earn and busi-nesses invest more in jobs and in pay that people can take home and spend to enhance their standard of living; and unless you are satisfied with the fact that companies are incentivized to keep earnings abroad and not bring them back home and invest in pay and jobs here in America. If you believe there is no better, brighter future for the American people, yes, vote for the King motion to instruct. If you believe we can and will do bet-ter under this bill, vote no. Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER ) would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 48, nays 50, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 307 Leg.] YEAS—48 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Corker Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—50 
Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young NOT VOTING—2 
Alexander Franken 
The motion was rejected. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). The Senator from Michigan. 
MOTION TO INSTRUCT  
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I have a motion at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Michigan [Ms. STABE-NOW] moves that the managers on the part of the Senate at the conference on the dis-agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill H.R. 1 be instructed to insist that the final conference report includes a provision caus-ing the corporate tax rate to revert to 35 per-cent in the event that real average house-hold wages do not increase by at least $4,000 by 2020 as a result of the enactment of the bill. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I am making a motion to instruct the con-ferees with language at the desk to put in place a guarantee that middle-class families will receive the raises my Re-publican colleagues are promising them. In other words, for people watch-ing all of this, the proof is in your pay-check. This motion would direct the con-ference committee for this bill to add a provision that would return the cor-porate tax rate to its current rate if wages do not increase by at least $4,000. The President has said they will. Our Republican colleagues—we saw posters all last week saying at least $4,000; in fact, we have heard as much as $9,000. This is important for families be-cause corporate profits are already at record highs and wages are at record lows. If people are really going to get $4,000 more in their pocket in wage in-creases, colleagues across the aisle should be willing to vote for this guar-antee. The proof is in their paycheck. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time of the Senator has expired. The Senator from Texas. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, the United States has the highest cor-porate tax rate in the industrialized world. We are simply noncompetitive, which is why businesses are moving out of America, overseas, to lower taxed countries. If our colleagues on the other side of the aisle think that is a good idea, then they ought to vote with the distinguished Senator from Michigan, but we think it is a terrible idea to ship American jobs and Amer-ican investment overseas. We happen to agree, by the way, with Barrack Obama’s 2011 State of the Union Message as well as the positions taken by the distinguished ranking member of the Senate Finance Com-mittee, Senator W
YDEN , and the Demo-cratic leader, Senator S
CHUMER . We need to get back in the game, become more competitive, and all Americans will benefit from that. We urge the Congress to maintain the current competitive corporate rate. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. ALEXANDER ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER ) would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) is necessarily absent. The result was announced—yeas 44, nays 54, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 308 Leg.] YEAS—44 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—54 
Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NOT VOTING—2 
Alexander Franken 
The motion was rejected. 
f 
RECESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 5:10 p.m. Thereupon, the Senate, at 4:29 p.m., recessed until 5:10 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. L
EE). 
f 
TAX CUTS AND JOBS ACT— Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senators R
UBIO and B OOKER be recognized to make motions to instruct and that their motions be the only motions in order remaining; further, that there be up to 10 minutes of debate on the mo-tions concurrently, and upon the use or yielding back of time on the motions, all remaining time on the House mes-sage be expired, and the Senate vote on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.034 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7880 December 6, 2017 
the Rubio and Booker motions to in-struct in the order listed with no inter-vening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Florida. 
MOTION TO INSTRUCT  
Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I have a motion at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Florida [Mr. RUBIO] moves that the managers on the part of the Senate at the conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the Senate amendment to the bill H.R. 1 be instructed to insist that any conference report shall in-crease the refundable per-child tax credit to no less than $2,000 and that the credit be ex-panded to benefit more low-wage parents. 
Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, this has to do with the child tax credit. We had a debate about it last week. I want to explain to everybody why it is so im-portant that we continue to focus on it. Irrespective of whether we agree with the final outcome and whether the numbers were high enough in the Sen-ate bill—and I continue to believe they were not—they are significantly better than the House position on this matter. I want to explain why. The loss of the personal exemption hits middle-income families to the tune of about $600. That has to be made up for. If you add to that the fact that over the last 15 years because of infla-tion, the value of the child tax credit has declined by over $300, that leads you to the conclusion that the break- even point for a child tax credit that deals with the middle-income family hit and the erosion of the value of the credit due to inflation brings you to $1,900. As a result, if you wanted to ac-tually help families be better off than they are today, which is the goal of tax reform, the $2,000 amount in the Senate bill is basically the break-even point, plus $100. The House, unfortunately, in their bill only calls for $1,600. The first part of this motion to in-struct is to ensure that the increase in the child tax credit, to our conferees instructing, be no less. Maybe it is more, but it can be no less than the $2,000 that is in the Senate bill. The second part, which was the topic of our debate, is the impact on low-in-come workers or workers in the lower part of the income scale—firefighters, teachers, police officers, construction workers, welders, home health aides. These are working people, the back-bone of our country, the people who have suffered the most over the last 25 or 30 years, as the economy has made some people very profitable but left far too many American workers behind. Their anxieties, their daily concerns, the challenges they are facing really underpin a lot of the anxiety in our country, both electoral, political, and economic. Their primary tax liability is the payroll tax. If you make $40,000 a year, the biggest chunk of the taxes you pay is the payroll tax. By the way, when I hear people say that people making $40,000 or $30,000 a year don’t pay taxes, they are wrong. They pay taxes. They take money out of your paycheck. They paid a tax. It is irrelevant whether it is a payroll tax or an income tax. Those are taxes. When I hear people say that, it is offensive. Working people across the income scale pay taxes. Unfortunately, that is not recognized in a lot of the debates that are going on here about working people. One of the things the Senate bill does do is it lowers the threshold upon which the tax credit begins to apply from $3,000 to $2,500. Again, not nearly enough, but it is certainly better than the House position. We can’t regress on that point. The second part of this instruction is, it asks the conferees to ensure that the final bill expands benefits so more low-income, low-wage parents and workers will be able to benefit from the child tax credit. I remain surprised that there is not more consensus to support the reality that we need to do more to help work-ing people in this country, and the child tax credit is one of the best tools to do it. I hope that what comes back from the conference committee is as good as or better than what we put out in the Senate. If it is worse, there are going to be problems. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Jersey. 
MOTION TO INSTRUCT  
Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I have a motion at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from New Jersey [Mr. BOOK-ER] moves that the managers on the part of the Senate at the conference on the dis-agreeing votes of the two Houses on H.R. 1 be instructed to insist that the final conference report does not contain any provisions that would increase the number of individuals who do not have health insurance or increase health insurance premiums. 
Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, my mo-tion to instruct the Senate conferees would simply insist that the final con-ference report does not increase the number of individuals who do not have health insurance and does not increase health insurance premiums. It has been stated on this floor by my colleagues on this side of the aisle that this bill is a blow to our deficit, that it is a blow to our budget, and that it is going to hurt families, particularly in States like mine, with the elimination of the State and local tax deductions. We also know that it could be a bill that could literally threaten the lives of Americans as well. The nonpartisan Congressional Budg-et Office has said that it will increase premium costs by 10 percent and cause 13 million people to lose their cov-erage, increase premiums and hurt peo-ple. We know that this bill as it is cur-rently written threatens Americans who rely on Medicaid, including chil-dren, people with disabilities, and sen-iors in nursing homes, because of the bill’s potential to impact a State’s ability to access funds for its Medicaid Program—again, the State and local tax deductions. It is also going to possibly trigger cuts to Medicare. Because the bill that passed the Senate would possibly add $1.5 trillion to the deficit, it could trig-ger automatic cuts to government pro-grams, including an annual cut of $25 billion to Medicare. A cut that size will significantly limit Medicare bene-ficiaries’ access to essential health services in everything from cancer screenings to chemotherapy. I urge my colleagues to support my motion. The Senate conferees must in-sist that the final conference report of this harmful bill at the very least does not contain any provision that would increase the number of Americans who do not have health insurance or that would increase health premiums for al-ready cash-strapped American citizens. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for 1 minute in opposition. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, this harkens back to a moment earlier in this debate when the Senator from Or-egon, the ranking member of the Fi-nance Committee, described the repeal of the individual mandate as driving a stake through the heart of ObamaCare. Think of what a confession this is by our colleagues on the other side of what a disaster ObamaCare is—that it is dead, that it is done if people are not forced against their wishes to purchase a product that does not suit their fami-lies’ needs and/or that they cannot af-ford. What kind of business model— what kind of person?—could possibly justify having to force people to buy its product? This is not only an egregious affront to any sense of personal free-dom, but it is proof positive that this doesn’t work. There is another aspect to this as well, and that is that the tax that we impose on people who cannot afford these ObamaCare plans but that they are forced to buy is a regressive tax that falls wildly disproportionately on lower and middle-income folks. In my State of Pennsylvania, 83 percent of the families who are hit with this tax live in households that earn less than $50,000. I urge my colleagues to reject this motion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator’s time has expired. Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I yield back my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.038 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7881 December 6, 2017 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time is yielded back. 
VOTE ON MOTION TO INSTRUCT  
The question is on agreeing to the motion by the Senator from Florida. The motion was agreed to. 
VOTE ON MOTION TO INSTRUCT  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion by the Senator from New Jersey. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER ) would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 47, nays 51, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 309 Leg.] YEAS—47 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—51 
Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NOT VOTING—2 
Alexander Franken 
The motion was rejected. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. CHIP AND COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTERS Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I am coming to the floor again to focus on the fact that the clock is ticking for families in Michigan and across the country—men and women, children, older people, younger people who use the community health centers, as well as those who have their children cov-ered under the Children’s Health Insur-ance Program. The Federal funding for those programs stopped September 30— 67 days ago. We have had votes. We have had bills. We have had nomina-tions come before us. There have been divisiveness and controversy. It would be wonderful if we could stop for 1 day and do something that has bipartisan support. The fact is that CHIP covers 9 mil-lion children, and 100,000 of those are in Michigan. We passed a bill out of the Finance Committee in September. I want to laud our chairman, Senator HATCH , and our ranking member, Sen-ator W
YDEN . It was a bipartisan bill. There was only one ‘‘no’’ vote. We re-ported it out. I assumed we would want to get this done before September 30, when the funding ran out. Instead, here we wait, 67 days later. There are 9 million children at risk be-cause of this inaction—100,000 children in Michigan. The truth is that today, thanks to CHIP and thanks to a variety of healthcare efforts across the country, 97 percent of the children in our coun-try have access to a doctor. In Michi-gan, it is actually higher; it is 97 per-cent of our children. So if a child has juvenile diabetes, if they have a cancer or asthma or just fall out of a tree and break their arm or have bronchitis or the flu, whatever it is that is hap-pening to children, parents have the peace of mind under the MIChild Pro-gram to know that they can take their child to a doctor whom they have a re-lationship with and who knows their children, instead of going to the emer-gency room. We also know that emergency rooms are the most expensive way to provide care. They are necessary. They are im-portant for emergencies but not for the daily routines of life, when someone could be seeing a doctor. It costs more; uncompensated care costs more, and when someone uses the emergency room when they could be seeing a doc-tor, then everyone else pays for that with their insurance rates going up. So MIChild in Michigan and the Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program across the country work. They save money. They save lives. In fact, as soon as January, in Michigan, families are going to start to get notices that the funding will go away, that the medical care will go away. It is not a great way to start the new year: Merry Christ-mas. Happy New Year. Your child is not going to be able to go see their doc-tor anymore. We don’t have to have that happen because we have strong bi-partisan support for this. It is the same thing with community health centers. Twenty-five million people are able to see a doctor or a nurse and get the care they need through a community health center in their community. There are 300,000 vet-erans who are able to see a doctor through a community health center, and there are 7.5 million children as well. In Michigan, our health centers are all over the State. We have some 260 different clinics around Michigan that serve 681,000 people and, again, almost 13,000 veterans. Starting in January, they are going to begin to lose funding at different times—some in February, some in March, some in April—because of local funding streams. But starting in January, in Michigan, health cen-ters are not going to have the funding they need. The majority of their fund-ing—70 percent of their funding—comes through the program that expired Sep-tember 30, and we know that this also doesn’t have to happen. My friend Senator ROYBLUNT and I have put in legislation. We have a let-ter signed by 70 Members—not 7—70 Members of this body, over two-thirds of this body signing a letter supporting the continuation of community health centers. Yet we can’t get that brought up either. We thought the original plan was to bring up CHIP, the Children’s Health Insurance Program, and include com-munity health centers with it, and get that done before September 30. The clock is ticking every single day, and it has not been done. Folks may be trying to hold it hostage politically for some reason or trying to work on some deal at the end of the year. In the mean-time, families are worrying, men and women are worrying, and veterans are worrying about what is going to hap-pen, whether or not they are going to continue to get their healthcare. Let me go back to where I started. Today is 67 days, and tomorrow it will be 68 days since the funding for two healthcare programs that have had broad bipartisan support over the years and broad bipartisan support today—67 days since that funding has stopped. I would like to close with a story from a gentleman named Darin, whose life was changed by one of Michigan’s community health centers. He shared his story with me. Darin was an unemployed truck-driver when he moved to Jackson, MI, 4 years ago. He hadn’t seen a doctor for a decade, and, in his words, he was ‘‘a complete mess.’’ He had diabetes, con-gestive heart failure, and he had no en-ergy. He needed an oxygen tank to walk. He started seeing Dr. Roy at the Center for Family Health, which is a great health clinic in Jackson. He told her he didn’t want to just be stable; he wanted to get better. So they went to work so that he could get back on his feet and get back to work. Darin got his diabetes under control. He improved his lung function, got rid of the oxygen tank, and quit his pain pills. Darin said: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.041 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7882 December 6, 2017 
I went from being . . . hardly able to move to where I feel like I can do almost anything. Dr. Roy saw me at my lowest, and she has seen me improve so much that she celebrates with me. Dr. Roy kicked me in the seat of the pants, and I will always thank her for it. 
Darin got his kick in the seat of the pants, and, Mr. President, with all due respect, I believe Members of this body could use one too. There are 25 million people who count on community health centers for their care—their children’s care, the care of their moms and dads. There are 9 million children who are covered under the Children’s Health Insurance Program. They have been waiting and worrying for long enough; 67 days is long enough. I am hopeful that there will be a sense of urgency from col-leagues to get this done. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. M
ORAN ). The Senator from Utah. 
f 
TAX CUTS AND JOBS BILL Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, last week, the Senate came another step closer to providing real tax relief to the middle class and providing a much needed boost to our economy. Yes, I am talking about the passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. That bill spent years in the making. As my chief legislative focus for many years, tax reform is not some off-the- cuff effort. No, we have been research-ing, holding dozens of hearings, com-missioning bipartisan working groups, and working with our friends on the other side of the Capitol and down the street at the White House for some time now. This bill is going to put another $2,200 in the pockets of the average American family. This bill is going to boost the economy. It is going to grow jobs and finally help end the wage stag-nation we have been faced with for years. This bill is going to unleash the American spirit, bringing businesses back home where they started and en-couraging other businesses to both come from abroad, as well as to grow from within. Once again, America will be open for business. I have not been alone in this process though, not by a long shot. In fact, tax reform has been a priority for many of my colleagues, including some who are no longer serving. I am talking, of course, about people like Congressman Dave Camp and Senator Max Baucus, who did a lot to move this effort for-ward. I feel gratified to have been here and to have worked with my colleagues to get this far. As efforts this year began in earnest, we set out to build on the work of our former colleagues and to give low- and middle-income Americans some much needed relief and to give our country an opportunity to compete in the glob-al economy. Our bill will do that, but as we all know, these great reforms are not quite yet promised to the Amer-ican people. There is still work to do as we work to iron out our differences with the House and make sure every section of this bill is ready to be eased into law or passed into law. That said, I think we deserve to cele-brate a little bit and, more impor-tantly, to thank everyone for their work to get us to this point. So many people—both in and out of Congress— have worked hard to get us this far, and I want to express my appreciation for their efforts. Of course, I can’t thank everyone in a single floor speech, but I do want to thank some who may be within earshot of this Chamber. First and foremost, I need to thank Secretary Mnuchin and Director Cohn for their commitment to this effort and their help in getting it done. It is good to finally have an administration that is willing to lead out on tax reform. I also want to thank the distinguished majority leader who also did so much to secure the details of the bill and shepherd it through the Senate. Fur-thermore, I want to thank Chairman B
RADY and Speaker R YAN over in the House of Representatives, as well. They, too, have been great partners and leaders in this endeavor. I also need to thank the staff from the leader’s office, including Sharon Soderstrom, Brandan Dunn, Antonio Ferrier, Hazen Marshall, Erica Suares, Terry Van Doren, Don Stewart, and Jane Lee. Of course, I want to thank the Mem-bers of the Senate Finance Committee who put in countless days, weeks, and months in preparing this legislation and helping to get it passed. All of our majority Members contributed greatly to this process, and I am most grateful. I also want to thank the tax legisla-tive assistants from each of the com-mittee members who helped to craft this bill; namely, Chris Allen, Sam Beaver, Joseph Boddicker, Chris Conlin, Shay Hawkins, Randy Herndon, Bart Massey, Monica McGuire, Mike Quickel, Zachary Rudisill, Andrew Siracuse, Robert Sneeden, Derek Theurer, and Mark Warren, all of whom did an outstanding job in helping us to produce this bill. I also thank the committee’s legisla-tive directors: Charles Cogar, Ken Flanz, Chris Gillott, Brad Grantz, Amber Kirchhoefer, Kurt Kovarik, Jes-sica McBride, Sarah Paul, Landon Stropko, Jay Sulzmann, Stephen Tausend, Pam Thiessen, and Chris-topher Toppings. In addition to all of the Senators and staff on the Finance Committee, I need to thank some others. As we all know, this process has been a joint effort with our friends on the Budget Committee. I need to thank Senator E
NZI, once again, for his leadership on that com-mittee to give us the reconciliation in-struction that made this all possible. Additionally, I would like to thank members of his staff, including Joe Brenckle, Jim Neill, Betsy McDonnell, Matt Giroux, Paul Vinovich, Becky Cole, Eric Ueland, Thomas Fueller, and the rest of the Budget Committee team. Closer to home, I thank the staff of the Finance Committee, who have done so much of the heavy lifting here. I need to single out Mark Prater, my chief tax counsel, who has served the committee for decades, and whose knowledge and expertise on these mat-ters is recognized by everyone here and by pretty much everyone everywhere else. I also express my thanks to the rest of my committee tax staff: Jen-nifer Acuna, Tony Coughlan, Chris-topher Hanna, Alex Monie, Eric Oman, Marty Pippins, Preston Rutledge, and Nick Wyatt. Additionally, I need to thank my staff director, Jay Khosla, who quar-terbacked the staff through this whole ordeal and who has spent many years with me as we have laid the ground-work and started construction on this undertaking. I want to thank the other members of my senior team as well, in-cluding Matt Hoffmann, Jeff Wrase, Julia Lawless, Jennifer Kuskowski, Chris Armstrong, and Bryan Hickman. I need to thank the communications staff on the committee: Katie Niederee, Nicole Hager, and Joshua Blume. I also need to thank a couple of former staff members: Chris Campbell, my former staff director, who worked for years on this effort. While he is now at Treasury, I am sure he is celebrating right now along with us. I would also like to give a thank-you to Jim Lyons, my tax counsel, who, unfortunately, passed away a little over a year ago. He contributed greatly to this effort for a number of years, and his steady pres-ence has definitely been missed. Other bodies deserve our thanks as well. Tom Barthold and his team at the Joint Committee on Taxation made themselves available at all hours to help us get this bill written and ready to pass, as did the staff at the legisla-tive counsel’s office, led by Mark McGunagle and Jim Fransen, as well as those who work with Elizabeth MacDonough in the Parliamentarian’s office. I am so grateful to all of you for your sacrifices and talents that have al-lowed us to craft this impressive pack-age. Unfortunately, though, there are too many people to thank in a single floor speech. So, please, let me express my gratitude to the countless individuals who have helped in this endeavor over the years. This would not have been possible without you. Before I close, I would like to reit-erate that we are not yet there though. I know I will not rest and that I can count on the rest of you to keep going until we have this over the finish line. We are so close to finally giving the American people the Tax Code, and, in turn, the economic growth not only they but their children and grand-children deserve. It is my solemn com-mitment to keep working and get this done for all of us. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.042 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7883 December 6, 2017 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. 
f 
BIPARTISAN CONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I have been doing oversight of the execu-tive branch for a very long time. I have done it as ranking member, I have done it as chairman, I have done it when my party held the White House, and I have done it when the other party held the White House. Earlier this year, I stood up for the rights of my Democratic colleagues to do oversight of the Trump administra-tion, even while they are in the minor-ity. I did it because it was the right thing to do. Lots of people give lip service to the notion of bipartisan oversight, but very few actually prac-tice it. It is tough. You have to be will-ing to work with colleagues in the other party to ask tough questions of your own political allies. You can’t just ask. If you actually want answers, you have to follow through. True bipartisan oversight is impossible unless it is a two-way street. If Democrats are unwilling to ask hard questions and force answers from their own political allies, then there is simply no way to move forward together in good faith. Both sides need to be committed to getting the whole story—not just the half they think helps their side. Regardless of whether my Democratic colleagues join me, I am interested in that whole story. There are two major controversies plaguing the credibility of the Justice Department and the FBI right now. On the one hand, the Trump-Russia inves-tigation, and then on the other hand, the handling of the Clinton investiga-tion. Any congressional oversight re-lated to either one of these topics is not credible without also examining the other. Both cases were active during last year’s campaign. Both cases have been linked to the firing of the FBI Direc-tor. I have been trying to explain this to my Democratic colleagues for months. The political reality is, half of the country thinks our law enforce-ment establishment gave Hillary Clin-ton and her aides a pass. These ques-tions go to the heart of the integrity of our Federal law enforcement and jus-tice system. They are not going to go away just because Clinton lost the election. The independent inspector general at the Justice Department certainly isn’t ig-noring that issue. Democrats and Re-publicans in Congress have asked the inspector general to look into a host of issues involving the handling of the Clinton investigation during the cam-paign. His hard work has already un-covered some pretty disturbing infor-mation. Over the past week, the press has re-ported that an FBI agent was removed from the special counsel’s team and de-moted at the FBI due to—what do you think—political bias. The agent was at the very center of both of these high- profile investigations. High-ranking FBI agent Peter Strzok reportedly used his work phone to send anti-Trump and pro-Clinton text messages to another FBI agent with whom he was having an illicit and immoral relationship. This man was the Deputy Assistant Director for the FBI’s Counterintel-ligence Division. He worked on the in-vestigation of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s use of a private server to conduct—what do you think— official business. According to news reports and ac-cording to documents, it looks like he also helped draft Comey’s controversial public statement ending that case of Hillary Clinton and emails. Specifi-cally, he apparently edited out lan-guage that suggested legal jeopardy for Clinton. Press reports state he opened the FBI’s investigation of allegations of collusion between the Trump cam-paign and Russia. It has been reported that he was one of the two FBI agents who interviewed former National Secu-rity Advisor Michael Flynn. Can you imagine if the shoe were on the other foot? What if a high-ranking FBI official got caught expressing pro- Trump political bias on his work phone while leading what is supposed to be a professional, objective, and non-partisan search for the truth? Why, of course, if that were happening, Demo-crats would go ballistic, and they would have every right to go ballistic. This man held a crucial position of public trust, charged with protecting this country from counterintelligence threats. He was a key part of Director Comey’s Clinton investigation and his Russia investigation. I have been say-ing for months that these two cases are forever linked. You cannot separate them. The same people in the same agency handled both cases at the same time, and now a huge segment of the Amer-ican people have no faith that these cases were treated, as they should be, impartially. I don’t blame the Amer-ican people. It is interesting that before he was fired, FBI Director Comey lectured our Judiciary Committee and lectured the public about how the men and women of the FBI ‘‘don’t give a rip about poli-tics.’’ I believe that for most of the hard- working, rank-and-file FBI agents, that is absolutely true. Their jobs nor-mally don’t involve controversial polit-ical questions, and their own political views aren’t relevant because they are professionals. But no human is perfect, and no or-ganization is immune from error. It does no good for the leaders of the FBI to pretend that its senior management is above all reproach, that they would never show any improper political bias, and that they would never make mis-takes. The only way to protect against bias or misconduct is to recognize that it exists and to confront it, not to hide it from Congress and the American peo-ple. The law and the facts, whatever they are, should guide the work of the FBI and the Justice Department. If politics infected the Department’s decisions during a hotly contested national po-litical campaign, we would have to look at it. That is true whether it oc-curred in the Clinton case, or in the Trump-Russia case, or if it included both. Anyone claiming to do bipartisan oversight of the executive branch has to examine both. Ignoring either half of this story simply will not be credible with the other half of the country. Everyone thought Hillary Clinton was going to be President—everyone. The perception of a huge segment of the public is that the whole Wash-ington establishment worked overtime to get her name cleared before the Democratic Convention last summer. The FBI even called its case ‘‘Mid Year Exam.’’ Director Comey testified that the former Attorney General refused even to name the FBI’s work and investiga-tion. That is how political it became. It was really the Attorney General who was at that time insisting on calling it not an investigation but ‘‘a matter’’— m-a-t-t-e-r—whatever that means. We have learned that Director Comey started drafting his exoneration state-ment long before the investigation was done. It looks like there was a rush to clear her. It looks like the fix was in. I know Democrats don’t want to hear that. They only want to talk about Trump. There is a double standard here in the way they desperately want to go after the President but ignore all other potential wrongdoing in the previous administration. It stinks to high heav-en. But Democrats have visions of im-peachment dancing in their heads. Rather than reserve judgment and carefully examine the facts—all of the facts—they are jumping to all sorts of conclusions. The Judiciary Committee has an ob-ligation to do a deep dive into the fir-ing of James Comey and both of the two controversial political investiga-tions that preceded it. Unfortunately, the Democrats are preventing any truly bipartisan path forward. They ap-pear to be assuming the conclusion at the outset. They complain publicly, and they complain privately that I am not doing enough to investigate ‘‘obstruction of justice,’’ but ‘‘obstruction of justice’’ is a legal term of art. It is a conclusion, not evidence. That is not how I conduct my investigations. I do not make my conclusions first and try to shoehorn the facts to fit my conclusions. I try to get the facts and then go where those facts lead. Let’s consider examples of where in-vestigations have uncovered facts that point to ‘‘obstruction.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.050 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7884 December 6, 2017 
Bill Clinton and Richard Nixon both lied to investigators. That is obstruc-tion, and that behavior got one of them impeached and forced the other to re-sign. We also recently learned that Hillary Clinton’s lawyers used a program called BleachBit to delete 33,000 emails under subpoena by the House of Rep-resentatives. Now, those government records—and they are government records—can never be recovered. Those facts cer-tainly look like obstruction, but we don’t have all of the facts here yet. So far, I have seen no credible evi-dence that President Trump has told anyone to lie. I also have seen no cred-ible evidence that he or his aides have destroyed records being sought by in-vestigators. Many people firmly believe that the President fired the FBI Director in order to improperly halt an investiga-tion of Lieutenant General Flynn. Now, I am not only willing but I am eager to delve deeply into all of the cir-cumstances surrounding Director Comey’s removal, but to claim at the outset that his removal was obstruc-tion of justice puts the cart before the horse. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the R
ECORD an article by the well-known liberal law professor Alan Dershowitz. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From The Boston Globe, Dec. 5, 2017] S
ENATOR DIANNE FEINSTEIN MAY BE  
PROVOKING A CONSTITUTIONAL CONFLICT  (By Alan M. Dershowitz) Senator Dianne Feinstein may be pro-voking a constitutional conflict between the legislative and executive branches of our government. The California Democrat has said that Congress is investigating whether President Trump engaged in obstruction of justice by firing FBI Director James Comey and taking other actions to halt the Russian investigation. Feinstein said: ‘‘I think what we’re begin-ning to see is the putting together of a case of obstruction of justice, I think we see this in the indictments—the four indictments and pleas that have just taken place. ‘‘And I see it, most importantly, in what happened with the firing of Director Comey, and it is my belief that that is directly be-cause he did not agree to lift the cloud of the Russia investigation, that’s obstruction of justice.’’ No, it isn’t. Feinstein does not seem to understand that under our constitutional system of sep-aration of powers, the president cannot be charged with a crime for merely exercising his authority under Article 2 of the Constitu-tion. This authority includes firing the di-rector of the FBI, for whatever reason or no reason. It also includes the authority to tell prosecutors who to prosecute and who not to. A president’s motives may not be the basis for a criminal charge. Nor is it proper to psy-choanalyze the president in a search for pos-sible evil motives. All presidents act out of mixed motives, including self-aggrandize-ment, political advantage, partisan benefit, and personal pique. Consider, for example, President Barack Obama’s benighted decision, as a lame duck, to tie the hands of his successor by unilater-ally changing the longstanding American policy with regard to the United Nations condemnation of Israel. The president, over the objection of many members of Congress and most Americans, instructed his UN am-bassador not to veto a Security Council Res-olution that declared the Western Wall, the Jewish Quarter of Jerusalem, and the access roads to Hebrew University and Hadassah Medical Center hospital, to be illegally occu-pied territory. Why did Obama exercise his authority in so pernicious a manner? I be-lieve, and many Americans believe, that he did it out of spite and pique: to get even with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. If I am right, and I am sure that this was at least one of his motivating considerations, could he be charged with a crime for abusing his authority for personal vengeance? Of course not. We can condemn him, as I and others have. But we must all acknowledge that he had the authority to do what he did, regard-less of his bad motives. Ironically, it was the effort of the Trump administration to prevent the lame-duck president from tying the hands of the presi-dent-elect, by not vetoing the UN resolution, that formed the basis for the lying charge levied against General Michael Flynn. For whatever reason, Flynn lied—but what he lied about was entirely lawful. Trump would have been within his con-stitutional authority to pardon Flynn, as Flynn hoped he would do. That would have kept him from cooperating with the special counsel and becoming a government witness. Had the president done that, he would have acted entirely lawfully, as President George H.W. Bush did when he pardoned Caspar Weinberger in order to stop the Iran-Contra investigation. Although special prosecutor Lawrence Walsh complained bitterly that the Bush presidential pardon had the intent and effect of completely closing down his in-vestigation, no one suggested that Bush had committed the crime of obstruction of jus-tice. Why? Because that was Bush and this is Trump—a pure ad hominem distinction that should be given no weight by the law. It would do violence to our constitutional separation of powers if a president could be charged with a crime simply for exercising his constitutional authority. Checks and bal-ances do not include the power to crim-inalize—through the vague obstruction of justice statute—presidential actions author-ized by Article 2. Both Presidents Richard Nixon and Bill Clinton were accused of ob-struction of justice, but in both cases they were accused of going well beyond the mere exercise of their constitutional authority. Nixon was accused of telling subordinates to lie to the FBI, paying hush money to poten-tial witnesses, and destroying evidence. Clin-ton was accused of trying to get witnesses, such as Monica Lewinsky, to lie. These charges constitute acts—independent crimes—that go well beyond a presidential authority. Trump has not been accused of any acts that would independently con-stitute crimes. The entire case against him, as outlined by Feinstein, consists of con-stitutionally authorized acts that were well within the president’s authority under Arti-cle 2. That is an enormous and consequential difference under our system of separation of powers. So, until and unless there is proof that Trump has committed an independent crimi-nal act—beyond acts that are within his con-stitutional prerogative—it would be uncon-stitutional to charge him with obstruction of justice, regardless of what Feinstein and oth-ers believe his motive may have been. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Now, Professor Dershowitz is not a fan of Donald Trump, and he and I probably would not agree on many issues, generally speaking. The title of his article is ‘‘Senator Dianne Feinstein may be provoking a constitutional conflict.’’ Professor Dershowitz strongly disagrees with the ranking member’s statement on ‘‘Meet the Press’’ the weekend that Comey was fired: ‘‘ . . . directly because he did not agree to lift the cloud of the Russia investigation, that’s obstruction of jus-tice.’’ This is how Professor Dershowitz re-plied: No, it isn’t. . . . under our constitutional system of separation of powers, the president cannot be charged with a crime for merely exercising his authority under Article 2 of the Constitution. This authority includes fir-ing the director of the FBI, for whatever rea-son or no reason. 
That is not to say that the President can engage in illegal conduct. But the professor’s point, as I understand it, is that when a President takes an action that is within the scope of clear con-stitutional authority and discretion, it should be a political question not a criminal one. The Judiciary Committee still needs to investigate the circumstances sur-rounding Comey’s firing and the Flynn investigation. Those facts may have nothing to do with the obstruction but could still provide important insight about the potential reforms of how the FBI and the Justice Department oper-ate. For example, he explains how Presi-dent Trump could have halted any in-vestigation of Flynn if he really want-ed to. This is what the professor says: 
Trump would have been within his con-stitutional authority to pardon Flynn, as Flynn hoped he would do. That would have kept him from cooperating with the special counsel and becoming a government witness. Had the president done that, he would have acted entirely lawful, as President George H.W. Bush did when he pardoned Caspar Weinberger in order to stop the Iran-Contra investigation. Although special prosecutor Lawrence Walsh complained bitterly that the Bush presidential pardon had the intent and effect of completely closing down his in-vestigation, no one suggested that Bush had committed the crime of obstruction of jus-tice. 
Then, finally, Professor Dershowitz explains what real obstruction looks like and how it is different from a President’s merely exercising his con-stitutional authority. So I, once again, quote the professor: 
Both Presidents Richard Nixon and Bill Clinton were accused of obstruction of jus-tice, but in both cases they were accused of going well beyond the mere exercise of their constitutional authority. Nixon was accused of telling subordinates of lie to the FBI, pay-ing hush money to potential witnesses, and destroying evidence. Clinton was accused of trying to get witnesses, such as Monica Lewinsky, to lie. These charges constituted acts—independent crimes—that go well be-yond presidential authority. Trump has not been accused of any facts that would inde-pendently constitute crimes. The entire case against him, as outlined by Feinstein, con-sists of constitutionally authorized acts that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.051 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7885 December 6, 2017 
were well within the president’s authority under Article 2. That is an enormous and consequential difference under our system of separation of powers. 
But our constitutional system of checks and balances is too important to throw it aside when it isn’t politi-cally convenient. You don’t have to be a Trump fan to worry about the con-sequences of taking shortcuts in going after your political opponents. That is why bipartisan investigations are so very valuable. When it works, a bipartisan inquiry can provide comfort that all angles have been explored and explored thor-oughly. But it takes two to tango, as they say. Earlier this year, Ranking Member F
EINSTEIN expressed concerns about re-ports that former Attorney General Lynch asked Director Comey to down-play the FBI’s investigation as merely, a ‘‘matter’’ instead of using the term ‘‘investigation’’ during the campaign. Yet, since then, the ranking member has told me plainly that she will not join in any oversight of the FBI’s Clin-ton email investigation. Even on Trump-Russia oversight, where we have been able to cooperate a great deal, there have been similar problems. First, all year, I have wanted to learn more about the origins of the dossier that largely kick-started the FBI’s in-vestigation of the Trump campaign. In July, the ranking member joined me in a bipartisan letter seeking vol-untary cooperation from the firm that produced the dossier. The dossier was based largely on Russian sources with-in Russia and was put together by a former British spy. It made salacious and unverified claims about Trump. The company responsible for producing it—Fusion GPS—was uncooperative. In response to our bipartisan request, it dumped on the committee about 32,000 pages of press clippings and 8,000 pages that were entirely blank. Since then, it has provided zero additional documents. The founder of Fusion GPS initially indicated that he would rely on his Fifth Amendment right against self-in-crimination rather than testify at the committee hearing in July. He later agreed to a private staff interview but refused to answer dozens of key ques-tions. I would like to compel him to answer questions and compel him to provide the documents that Senator F
EINSTEIN  and I both asked him in July to provide voluntarily, but under our committee rules, I don’t have the authority to do that on my own. Why would Democrats not want to follow up and get the documents from Fusion GPS that we already asked for together—in other words, in a bipar-tisan way? Do they not want to know more about how this company put to-gether its anti-Trump dossier from Russian Government sources? Well, in light of recent news, the re-sistance from Democrats to this line of Trump/Russia inquiry is now a little more understandable. It turns out that the Clinton campaign and the Demo-cratic National Committee are the ones that paid Fusion GPS for the in-formation they gathered from Russian Government sources. I don’t know whether the ranking member or her staff knew the facts ear-lier this year when I was trying to per-suade her to do bipartisan followup work with Fusion GPS, but I do know that unless both sides are willing to ask tough questions no matter where the facts lead, there can be no bipar-tisan oversight. We have learned that the Democratic National Committee paid for an anti- Trump dossier based on information from Russian Government sources. Second, we have learned that the in-spector general uncovered evidence of partisan bias by a senior FBI official at the center of both the Clinton and the Trump-Russia investigations, which led to his dismissal from the Mueller team. Before that news broke, back in Oc-tober of this year, I wrote to the FBI official requesting voluntary coopera-tion and a private transcribed inter-view with the committee. The ranking member did not sign that letter. The committee has received no letter in reply. We are still waiting for docu-ments from the FBI about his and other officials’ participation in the draft Comey statement. The FBI should comply voluntarily, but if they don’t, I would issue a sub-poena to require that the documents be provided and that the witness sit for a deposition. However, under our com-mittee rules, I don’t have the authority to do that without support from the ranking member. Finally, I have long had concerns that the scope of the FBI Clinton in-vestigation was artificially narrow. Re-cent revelations about these text mes-sages showing political bias only heighten these concerns. In recent Federal court rulings, the FBI said that the scope of the inves-tigation was limited in two ways. First, it was limited to two issues deal-ing with the handling of classified in-formation. Second, the scope of the FBI review was limited to the time when former Secretary Clinton was at the State Department. But what if there was evidence of crime not related to the mishandling of classified infor-mation? What if the facts showed some obstruction such as intentional de-struction of documents after she was Secretary of State? Why exclude those topics from the scope of the inquiry? Who made those decisions? Why were those decisions made? Was there any political bias in those decisions? Cer-tain areas should not be declared off limits beforehand in an investigation. An investigation should go—common sense—where the facts take it. In multiple letters to the FBI last year, I raised concerns about the scope of the FBI investigation. I asked Direc-tor Comey back in May of 2016 whether the Justice Department had improp-erly narrowed the scope of the inves-tigation to look at the mishandling of classified information and ignore other important legal issues. I wish to quote from that letter: If federal records on the private server were hidden or destroyed, then there may have been a violation of 18 USC Section 2071, which prohibits concealing or destroying such Federal records. If any of the deleted emails were respon-sive to Congressional inquiries or to agency inquiries, such as ones from the State De-partment Inspector General, then there may have been violations of 18 USC Sections 1505 and 1519, respectively. 
Later in my letter, I specifically asked whether the Justice Department limited the FBI’s investigation in any way. Then-Director Comey eventually re-sponded months later. He claimed that the FBI did investigate whether the unlawful obstruction of Federal records occurred. But an FBI agent said under penalty of perjury that the FBI inves-tigation did not include destruction of Federal records. So which is it? Who is telling the truth? The FBI agent who signed the affidavit, or is Mr. Comey right? Did the FBI really examine whether Secretary Clinton and her as-sociates used the server to avoid Fed-eral records retention requirements, or did Mr. Comey simply pay lipservice to that concern and focus only on classi-fication issues? Understanding what really happened is incredibly important, and let me tell my colleagues why. During the course of the FBI’s investigation, it recovered thousands of work-related emails that were not turned over to the State De-partment by Secretary Clinton. The FBI also recovered work-related emails that Secretary Clinton and her associ-ates apparently deleted. All of this is clear evidence of alienation of Federal records. Indeed, even the FBI’s now- public investigative files show that the FBI had knowledge that Federal records were deleted. The FBI’s interview summary of Sec-retary Clinton said that she was asked about ‘‘a PRN work ticket, which ref-erenced a conference call among PRN, Kendall, and Mills on March 31, 2015.’’ I am going to repeat that. She was asked about ‘‘a PRN work ticket, which ref-erenced a conference call among PRN, Kendall, and Mills on March 31, 2015.’’ PRN stands for Platte River Networks, the company that administered Sec-retary Clinton’s nongovernment server. Kendall is David Kendall, her lawyer. Mills is Cheryl Mills, her former Chief of Staff at the State Department. Paul Combetta, the administrator of her server, was also on the conference call and was interviewed multiple times by the FBI. He admitted that he lied to the FBI in his initial interviews and got immunity from the FBI in ex-change for agreeing to tell them the truth. According to the summary of that interview, Mr. Combetta deleted Secretary Clinton’s email archives on March 31, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.052 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7886 December 6, 2017 
So we have a conference call with Secretary Clinton’s attorneys on March 31, 2015, and on that very same day, her emails are deleted by someone who was on that conference call, using special BleachBit software. The emails were State Department records under subpoena by Congress. What did the FBI do to investigate this apparent obstruction? According to affidavits filed in Federal court, ab-solutely nothing. The FBI focused only on the handling of classified informa-tion. Maybe now we know why. Recently released FBI records show that by May 2, 2016, Mr. Comey sent around a draft of his statement exon-erating Secretary Clinton. The FBI interview with Mr. Combetta hadn’t even happened yet. The exoneration statement was already in progress be-fore the key witness had coughed up the truth about deleting Federal records under subpoena by Congress. Did the FBI look at obstruction in the Clinton case? Mr. Comey said the FBI looked very hard at obstruction, but that is hard to believe. Director Comey began drafting an exoneration statement in April or early May of 2016. That is months before he publicly announced that he would not rec-ommend charges on July 5, 2016. According to the testimony of senior FBI officials, Comey began drafting his statement early because the FBI knew where the investigation was headed. That is according to testimony of sen-ior FBI officials. But at that point, the FBI had not yet interviewed 17 wit-nesses. That ought to be understood. They hadn’t yet interviewed 17 wit-nesses. And one of those witnesses—can you believe it—was Secretary Clinton. Others included her closest aides and associates. How can you possibly know where an investigation is headed with-out interviewing the main witnesses and the subject of the investigation? Maybe none of this raises any con-cerns for Democrats, but it should. The American people deserve to have the whole story. Congress and the public have a right to understand whether the fix was in from the very beginning. If so, then it must take steps to make sure it never happens again. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO WALLACE ‘‘WALLY’’ MATTISON Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, Vermonters have a legacy of service unmatched in the Nation. While new generations carry on this tradition, we continue to owe so much to the brav-ery of those men and women who served in the past. One of the members of this distinguished community is Wallace ‘‘Wally’’ Mattison, a native of Bennington, VT. Mr. Mattison served in the famed 29th Infantry Division, 115th Regiment as a light machine gun-ner. He fought on the frontlines in Nor-mandy and throughout Europe from 1943 to 1945, during which time he was wounded. His commitment unwavering, he returned to service after his recov-ery. Our State and Nation have praised Mr. Mattison’s essential contributions, but the recognition of his service ex-tends beyond our shores. Earlier this month, France, a country Mr. Mattision helped liberate from Nazi control, awarded him with their high-est civil and military distinction: the Legion of Honor. With the receipt of this award, he joins an exclusive group that includes Dwight Eisenhower, Douglas MacArthur, and select others who have served and sacrificed on be-half of the citizens of France. It is impossible to fully express the gratitude I feel for Mr. Mattison’s serv-ice. Vermonters, Americans, and citi-zens of the world owe him a debt that cannot be repaid with words or awards. We can, however, share these stories of bravery and sacrifice. That is why today I would like to pay tribute to Wallace ‘‘Wally’’ Mattison, and I ask unanimous consent that a Bennington Banner article highlighting his past service and recent receipt of the Le-gion of Honor, entitled, ‘‘To us, you are a true hero,’’ be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Bennington Banner, Nov. 23, 2017. T
OU S, YOU ARE A TRUE HERO  (By Derek Carson) For his service in France in World War II, Wallace ‘‘Wally’’ Mattison has been pre-sented with France’s highest civil and mili-tary distinction. Mattison, a resident of Pownal and native of Bennington, was honored on Wednesday by Valery Freland, the Consul General of France in Boston. The ceremony took place at the Vermont Veterans Home. Mattison was incorporated into the 29th infantry divi-sion, 115th regiment in 1943, and served as a light machine gunner on the front lines of the Normandy invasion before participating in the Battles of Saint Lo and the Battle for Brest, during the latter of which he was shot while advancing on a German garrison. The bullet barely missed is spine. Upon his recov-ery in 1945, he continued to serve, partici-pating in the capture of several German cit-ies. He later served as a captain and acting chief of the Bennington Police Department. Col. Al Faxon, chief operating officer of the Veterans Home, said that there had not been a Legion of Honor ceremony at the home during his tenure there, and he knew of no other recipients from Bennington. Freland said that Mattison was one of fewer than 10 Legion of Honor recipients this year in his district, which covers all of New Eng-land. The French Legion of Honor was estab-lished by Napoleon Bonaparte in 1802. Mattison was honored as a chevalier, or knight, of the order. American recipients of the honor include many who have served France or the ideals it upholds, including Dwight Eisenhower, Douglas MacArthur, and the U.S. Military Academy at West Point as an institution. Today, there are about 93,000 members of the order around the world. ‘‘It’s such an honor to have this ceremony in our home,’’ said Faxon. ‘‘Without our French allies, we probably would not have won the American Revolution . . . The French aided the colonists by providing mili-tary personnel, armaments, and loans. King Louis XVI approved financial assistance to the American colonists only four days after Benjamin Franklin and his comrades re-quested it. Could you imagine getting a bank loan in four days today?’’ ‘‘If you see the king, tell him we said thank you,’’ joked Faxon to Freland. During the ceremony, Mattison was sur-rounded by several generations of his family. At first, he was determined to keep a straight face throughout, but after hearing words of praise from Faxon, State Rep. Mary Morrissey, U.S. Sens. Patrick Leahy and Bernie Sanders, U.S. Rep. Peter Welch, and Gov. Phil Scott, he finally broke down and began to cry. ‘‘You people,’’ he said, ‘‘are too good to me.’’ When Faxon offered him the opportunity to say a few more words, Mattison declined. ‘‘The Mattison family has a long and proud history of dedicated service,’’ said Morrissey. ‘‘It was just several months ago that we were honoring Wally’s brother Erwin for his 60 years of service with the Bennington Fire Department. Today we honor Wally, a purple heart recipient, for his brave and honorable World War II military service in France.’’ ‘‘Wally’s service-above-self model is well- documented, both by his military service to our country and then for his 40 years of serv-ice for our community, county, and state, as a police officer who rose through the ranks to become a captain and acting police chief,’’ she said. Morrissey also read the letters from Gov-ernor and U.S. Congressional delegation, who she said all expressed their heartfelt regret that they were unable to attend. Leahy asked that a flag be flown over the U.S. Cap-itol in Mattison’s honor: That flag was pre-sented to Mattison, after being folded in the ceremonial fashion by Faxon and Lieutenant Junior Grade Daniel Tifft. Mattison will be honored by the Vermont State Legislature when it returns in Janu-ary. Finally, the time came for Freland to present Mattison with the award. Flanked by the U.S. and French flags, the consul general quoted French President Emmanuel Macron’s words earlier this year, when he said, ‘‘It is a privilege to be speaking here before you today and I know who I owe that to. I owe it to all those who, a little over 70 years ago, rose up against a barbaric regime which seized my country, France. I owe it to the nations who heard the cry of these re-sistance fighters and who sent their children, from America, Africa, Oceania and Asia, to French shores to help. ‘‘They did not all know what France was, but they knew that defeat for France also meant the defeat of the ideals that they shared, that they were proud of and for which they were willing to die. They knew that their freedom and their values depended on the freedom of other men and women liv-ing thousands of kilometers from them.’’ After Freland had finished reciting the lengthy list of honors and awards Mattison had received throughout his military career, Mattison added, ‘‘I got a good conduct medal, too!’’ ‘‘We remember the ultimate sacrifice made by so many of your comrades, who are now laid to rest in France,’’ said Freland to Mattison. ‘‘I know you are very modest, but to us, you are a true hero.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.053 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7887 December 6, 2017 
TRIBUTE TO REIDUN NUQUIST Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, the ques-tion would be suitable for the game show ‘‘Jeopardy:’’ Name the oldest long-distance hiking trail in the United States. Answer: What is the Long Trail? The 272-mile trail that runs the spine of the Green Mountains in my home State of Vermont was built over the course of two decades, from 1910 to 1930, and has provided countless hikers with spectacular climbs and remote camping in the decades that followed. No hiker’s pack would be complete on the journey without a small pocket ref-erence book simply known as the Long Trail Guide, a bible of sorts for these backwoods adventurers. The guide was first published by the Green Mountain Club, the steward of the Long Trail, in 1917 and has since been revised 27 times. So when the club recently decided to chronicle 100 years of Long Trail Guide history to mark the anniversary, they turned to a very experienced hiker and a dedicated vol-unteer to take on the job: Reidun Nuquist. I have had the pleasure of knowing Reidun and her husband, Andrew, for many years. They reside in my home-town of Montpelier, and like so many other Vermonters, they share a deep respect and appreciation for the nat-ural wonders that make Vermont such a special place to live. They also share a generosity of spirit, dedicating much of their spare time to preserving our natural habitat and helping maintain the Long Trail for generations to come. I was very pleased to read about Reidun’s latest effort in a recent edi-tion of the Vermont publication Seven Days, and I ask unanimous consent that the article be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
REIDUN NUQUIST NAVIGATES A CENTURY OF  L
ONGTRAIL GUIDES  (By James Tabor) In November 1944, an American soldier fighting in Europe wrote this in a letter home: ‘‘I keep a worn out 1935 edition of the Guide Book in my foot locker to always re-mind me of what I’m fighting for.’’ That ‘‘Guide Book’’ just happened to be the Long Trail Guide, and the GI’s words hint at how important these little tomes have been over the years, in so many ways to so many people. The plural ‘‘tomes’’ is ap-propriate here; while most people think of the guide as a book, there have been, in fact, 28 versions, all published by the Green Moun-tain Club, beginning with the first in 1917 and culminating in this year’s Centennial Edition. As that homesick soldier’s note suggested, over the decades these volumes have achieved significance far beyond that of mere guidebooks, for two good reasons. One is that, as the number of weekenders who be-come (or aspire to become) end-to-enders sig-nifies, the Long Trail is not just a trail. Hik-ing it is a coming-of-age accomplishment, a badge of honor, a bucket-list item, a family bonder and more. The other reason is that the inspiration, dedication and perspiration of the guides’ editors and contributors have resulted in the kind of quality that labors of love generally produce. Such longevity and excellence, the current GMC leadership realized, shouldn’t go unchronicled. ‘‘With the 100th anniversary edition, it be-came clear that the history of the guide had not been told and that this was the perfect opportunity to do so,’’ GMC executive direc-tor Mike DeBonis said in a telephone inter-view. That decision might have been simple, but finding an author was another story. Any candidate would have to be an expert and diligent researcher. ‘‘This would not be an easy book to research or to write,’’ DeBonis explained. ‘‘Because not all the backstory is written down in one place, it would require reading all the old guides, as well as finding and digging through archives and inter-viewing past editors and contributors.’’ Another consideration: One little book about a lot of other little books could have significant yawner potential. The author of this little book would have to be creative. As it turned out, though, the perfect can-didate was near at hand: Reidun Nuquist, a Norwegian-turned-Vermonter, devoted outdoorswoman and longtime GMC devotee. And she had long been a contributor to the Long Trail guides. Now 77, Nuquist immigrated to the U.S. in 1963 after marrying Andrew Nuquist, a past GMC president. The couple moved to Mont-pelier in 1970, and Reidun enjoyed a career as a librarian for the Vermont Historical Soci-ety and the University of Vermont’s Bailey/ Howe Library. She and Andy have one son, a fiftysomething Bostonian who inherited his parents’ passion for the outdoors in general and hiking in particular. Nuquist’s own affinity for the Long Trail and the GMC produced, as DeBonis noted, ‘‘a tremendously strong connection to club his-tory.’’ In addition to being a Long Trailer herself—one who has hiked the trail end to end—Nuquist has served as president of the GMC’s Montpelier chapter and spent more weekends than she can remember volun-teering for grinding pick-and-shovel work on trail-maintenance crews. Frequent contribu-tions to club newsletters and to the guide-books—including a chapter in A Century in the Mountains: Celebrating Vermont’s Long Trail—demonstrated her gift for writing. And so, in May 2016, the GMC gave Nuquist the job of tackling the centennial retrospec-tive. When reached by phone, Nuquist explained how to pronounce her first name: ‘‘Rye like in bread, dune like in sand.’’ If a voice can twinkle, hers did. A subsequent visit to her hillside home, with its neat woodpile and mustard-yellow doors, only reinforced that impression of buoyancy—all the more sur-prising given that she’s currently battling serious illness. Ensconced in an easy chair, with a white knit cap and a shawl around her legs to ward off chill, Nuquist fielded ques-tions with smiles and stamina for more than an hour. Asked how she approached the Long Trail project, Nuquist admitted, ‘‘I was delighted to be asked to do the book, but I did wonder how I was going to approach a retrospective of 28 separate guides. I knew this had to be more than a bibliographic project. It had to be interesting to general readers.’’ She paused and grinned. ‘‘I figured the way to do that was to write about people.’’ So she did—a very good thing for readers of A Century of Long Trail Guidebooks: A Ret-rospective, published by the GMC in October. It’s short—just 90 pages—and the table of contents indicates that it’s much more than a ‘‘bibliographic project.’’ For starters, rath-er than employing a predictable chrono-logical progression, Nuquist divided the book into seven chapters that focus on the trail guides’ essential elements: origin, evolution, illustrations, hiker advice, trail descrip-tions, maps and editors. Her writing of these chapters renders a book that could have been literary Xanax into one that’s alive with wit, irony and in-sight. Some examples: The guidebook carried business advertise-ments through 1940 but just for the Long Trail Lodge and state agencies, before they ceased altogether—something we may be grateful for. Some past advice may strike us as quaint or amusing . . . For fending off mosquitoes, a hiker could follow John Muir’s recipe for a repellent of ‘‘three parts of oil or pine tar, two parts of castor oil and one part of oil of pennyroyal.’’ Attentive readers were never shy about pointing out errors. The 1932 edition labeled two mountains as Vermont’s third highest, Mount Ellen (4,135 feet) and Camel’s Hump (4,093 feet). Theron Dean, having climbed both numerous times, was called on to ref-eree. He awarded the distinction to Mount Ellen, intimating that the guidebook editors had been ‘‘in a slightly muddled condition after partaking of a church supper in Bur-lington.’’ Like much of her own writing, Nuquist’s carefully chosen excerpts from the guides ac-complish two key goals: leavening the pages with wry humor while delivering interesting, often fascinating information. [The] first guidebook was also a yearbook and as such holds valuable club history. In addition to lists of officers, trustees, and committee and section members, it included bylaws and GMC articles of association. The latter stipulated that the club was to ‘‘make trails and roads in the Vermont mountains, to erect camps and shelter houses therein, to publish maps and guide books thereof’’ [au-thor’s emphasis]. The membership lists of local club sections (chapters) showed an im-pressive number of women; of the Brandon Section’s thirty-one members, half were fe-male. The 2nd (1920) guidebook had detailed ad-vice on what to carry and how to carry— down to what to put in each pocket: ‘‘Left shirt: handkerchief, postals [postcards], notebook, pencil. Right shirt: guide-hook, money securely pinned in bag or envelope. Left trousers: matches in flat tin box, water-proof. Right trousers: pocket knife, strong twine. Left hip: toilet paper. Fob pocket: compass on lanyard.’’ The only thing left for the hiker was to select the contents of the right hip pocket! Nuquist also quotes other writers—book authors, newsletter contributors, journal keepers, letter penners—liberally and to good advantage. Here, for example, is memoirist James Gordon Hindes describing his experience of overnighting with com-panion John Eames at Frank Beane’s Hanksville farm one July. We slept in the same bed but could hardly see one another—a soft but prominent ridge of feathers billowed between us. Gawd, but it was hot! A bit further on, in a section devoted to hikers’ travails with shelter-gnawing porcu-pines, Nuquist cites a verse from a 1989 Mar-garet MacArthur folk song: They saw a lump of a beast all covered with spikes. Not what they expected to see on their hike. ‘‘What’ll we do?’’ ‘‘Get the guide book from the pack. It says knock him on the nose with the back of the axe.’’ Over a century, a few people have been so important to the Long Trail’s evolution that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.046 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7888 December 6, 2017 
Nuquist might have considered a chapter ti-tled ‘‘Titans of the Trail.’’ Instead, she opted for the less obvious and more graceful ap-proach of weaving their stories throughout her chapters as their ages and achievements suggest. To cite a few examples, the aforemen-tioned Dean was probably the editor of the very first guidebook. Dr. Louis J. Paris was ‘‘the glue that held the GMC together in the early years.’’ Charles P. Cooper, ‘‘the hardest working executive the Club has had,’’ spent weeks, in all weather, nailing hand-painted white discs to trees and rail-crossing posts. ‘‘The GMC was his hobby,’’ writes Nuquist, but, judging by his actions, it was much more than that. The same could easily be said of Nuquist, for whom, over nearly half a century, the Long Trail has meant work, play, adventure, friendships, family and joy. All of which makes reading her new book nearly as much fun as hiking the trail itself. f 
CONFIRMATION OF KIRSTJEN NIELSEN Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I rise in opposition to the nomination of Kirstjen Nielsen to serve as Secretary of Homeland Security. While I believe that Ms. Nielsen has a solid under-standing of the Department that she seeks to lead, I am not yet convinced that she will be a counterweight to the rabid anti-immigration policies coming out of the White House. I appreciated the opportunity to speak to Ms. Nielsen prior to the vote about my concern over the status of the Dreamers and temporary protected status, TPS, recipients. Dreamers were brought to this country through no fault of their own and are in limbo after the President abruptly canceled DACA and set arbitrary renewal and termination deadlines. TPS recipients, many of whom have been here for al-most two decades, would have their lives endangered if forced to return to their home countries. While I understand that Ms. Nielsen cannot make ironclad commitments on how she would handle these issues, I could not in good faith support her nomination without clearer guidance and assurances about how she and the administration intend to resolve these matters. Many of my colleagues who supported her predecessor, General Kelly, have complained bitterly that promises he made to them have not been kept. Moreover, both as General Kelly’s chief of staff at DHS and later as his deputy at the White House, I have to assume the Ms. Nielsen has been very involved in the development and implementation of the immigra-tion policies of this administration. My vote yesterday was not so much a vote against Ms. Nielsen, as it was a vote to protest the anti-immigration policies flowing from the Trump administra-tion. I am hopeful that, in the coming months, Ms. Nielsen will be able to pro-vide a check on the worst impulses of this White House. I am not yet con-vinced that will happen and hope to be proven wrong. I do look forward to working with Ms. Nielsen once she is sworn in. f 
GAO CFPB RESPONSE Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that a letter from the Government Accountability Office, GAO, be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
U.S. G OVERNMENT  A
CCOUNTABILITY OFFICE , Washington, DC, December 5, 2017. Subject: Bureau of Consumer Financial Pro-tection: Applicability of the Congres-sional Review Act to Bulletin on Indirect Auto Lending and Compliance with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act Hon. P
ATRICK J. T OOMEY , U.S. Senate. D
EARSENATOR TOOMEY : You asked whether a Bulletin issued by the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection (CFPB or the Bureau) on March 21, 2013, on Indirect Auto Lending and Compliance with the Equal Credit Op-portunity Act is a rule for purposes of the Congressional Review Act (CRA). CRA estab-lishes a process for congressional review of agency rules and establishes special expe-dited procedures under which Congress may pass a joint resolution of disapproval that, if enacted into law, overturns the rule. Con-gressional review is assisted by CRA’s re-quirement that all federal agencies, includ-ing independent regulatory agencies, submit each rule to both Houses of Congress and to the Comptroller General before it can take effect. For the reasons discussed below, we conclude that the Bulletin is a general state-ment of policy and a rule under the CRA. 
BACKGROUND  CFPB Bulletin When consumers finance automobile pur-chases from an auto dealership, the dealer often facilitates indirect financing through a third-party lender, referred to as an indirect auto lender. In the Bulletin, CFPB ‘‘provides guidance about indirect auto lenders’ com-pliance with the fair lending requirements of the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (ECOA) and its implementing regulation, Regulation B.’’ Specifically, the Bulletin relates to poli-cies used by some indirect auto lenders that allow dealers to mark up the interest rate charged to the consumer above the indirect auto lender’s ‘‘buy rate.’’ The lender then compensates the auto dealer based on the difference in interest revenues between the buy rate and the actual rate charged to the consumer in the contract executed with the auto dealer. In the Bulletin, CFPB states that the incentives created by such policies allow for a significant risk for pricing dis-parities on the basis of race, national origin or other prohibited bases. The fair lending requirements of ECOA make it illegal for a creditor to discriminate in any aspect of a credit transaction on the basis of race or national origin, among other characteristics. The term ‘‘creditor’’ is de-fined to include ‘‘any assignee of an original creditor who participates in the decision to extend, renew, or continue credit.’’ Regula-tion B, which implements ECOA, further de-fines a creditor to expressly include an ‘‘as-signee, transferee, or subrogee of the cred-itor’’ who ‘‘in the ordinary course of busi-ness, regularly participates in a credit deci-sion, including setting the terms of the cred-it.’’ In the Bulletin, CFPB states that there are a variety of practices used by indirect lenders, but that information collected ‘‘sug-gests that the standard practices of indirect auto lenders likely constitute participation in a credit decision under the ECOA and Reg-ulation B.’’ In the Bulletin, CFPB discusses the legal theories under which indirect auto lenders who are determined to be creditors under ECOA could be held liable for pricing dispari-ties on a prohibited basis when such dispari-ties exist within an indirect auto lender’s portfolio. In its final section, the Bulletin states that indirect auto lenders ‘‘should take steps to ensure that they are operating in compliance with the ECOA and Regula-tion B as applied to dealer markup and com-pensation policies,’’ and then lists a variety of steps and tools that lenders may wish to use to address significant fair lending risks. The Congressional Review Act CRA, enacted in 1996 to strengthen con-gressional oversight of agency rulemaking, requires all federal agencies, including inde-pendent regulatory agencies, to submit a re-port on each new rule to both Houses of Con-gress and to the Comptroller General before it can take effect. The report must contain a copy of the rule, ‘‘a concise general state-ment relating to the rule,’’ and the rule’s proposed effective date. In addition, the agency must submit to the Comptroller Gen-eral a complete copy of the cost-benefit anal-ysis of the rule, if any, and information con-cerning the agency’s actions relevant to spe-cific procedural rulemaking requirements set forth in various statutes and executive orders governing the regulatory process. CRA adopts the definition of rule under the Administrative Procedure Act (APA), which states in relevant part that a rule is ‘‘the whole or a part of an agency statement of general or particular applicability and fu-ture effect designed to implement, interpret, or prescribe law or policy or describing the organization, procedure, or practice require-ments of an agency.’’ CRA excludes three categories of rules from coverage: (1) rules of particular applicability; (2) rules relating to agency management or personnel; and (3) rules of agency organization, procedure, or practice that do not substantially affect the rights or obligations of nonagency parties. CFPB did not send a report on the Bulletin to Congress or the Comptroller General be-cause, as stated in their letter to our Office, in their opinion the Bulletin is not a rule under CRA. 
ANALYSIS  At issue here is whether a nonbinding gen-eral statement of policy, which provides guidance on how CFPB will exercise its dis-cretionary enforcement powers, is a rule under CRA. CFPB states, and we agree, that the Bulletin ‘‘is a non-binding guidance doc-ument’’ that ‘‘identifies potential risk areas and provides general suggestions for compli-ance’’ with ECOA and Regulation B. More-over, the Bulletin is a general statement of policy that offers clarity and guidance on the Bureau’s discretionary enforcement ap-proach. CFPB argues, however, that because the Bulletin has no legal effect on regulated en-tities, the CRA does not apply. The Bureau asserts that ‘‘taken as a whole, the CRA can logically apply only to agency documents that have legal effect.’’ It suggests that there are two categories of general state-ments of policy: (1) those that are intended as binding documents, to which CRA applies, and (2) those, like the Bulletin, that are non- binding and not subject to CRA. CFPB claims that the Bulletin is the type of gen-eral statement of policy that is not a rule under CRA. However, as explained below, CRA requirements apply to general state-ments of policy which, by definition, are not legally binding. The Supreme Court has described ‘‘general statements of policy’’ as ‘‘statements issued 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE6.030 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7889 December 6, 2017 
by an agency to advise the public prospec-tively of the manner in which the agency proposes to exercise a discretionary power.’’ In other words, as stated by the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals in Pacific Gas & Electric Company v. Federal Power Commission, a statement of policy announces the agency’s tentative intentions for the future: ‘‘A general statement of policy . . . does not establish a ‘binding norm.’ It is not fi-nally determinative of the issues or rights to which it is addressed The agency cannot apply or rely upon a general statement of policy as law because a general statement of policy only announces what the agency seeks to establish as policy.’’ The Bulletin provides information on the manner in which CFPB plans to exercise its discretionary enforcement power. It ex-presses the agency’s views that certain indi-rect auto lending activities may trigger li-ability under ECOA. For example, it states that an indirect auto lender’s own markup and compensation policies may trigger li-ability under ECOA if they result in credit pricing disparities on a prohibited basis, such as race or national origin. It also in-forms indirect auto lenders that they may be liable under ECOA if a dealer’s practices re-sult in unexplained pricing disparities on prohibited bases where the lender may have known or had reasonable notice of a dealer’s discriminatory conduct. In sum, the Bulletin advises the public prospectively of the man-ner in which the CFPB proposes to exercise its discretionary enforcement power and fits squarely within the Supreme Court’s defini-tion of a statement of policy. Moreover, as the Pacific Gas & Electric Company decision quoted above makes plain, general statements of policy by definition are not legally binding, and our prior deci-sions have held that non-binding general statements of policy are rules under CRA. For example, we recently decided that Inter-agency Guidance on Leveraged Lending, issued jointly by the Office of the Comp-troller of the Currency, the Board of Gov-ernors of the Federal Reserve System, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (referred to collectively as the Agencies), was a rule under CRA (Interagency Guidance decision). We found that the Interagency Guidance was a general statement of policy describing the Agencies’ expectations for the sound risk management of leveraged lending activities. It explained the types of financial transactions that concern the Agencies and that might motivate them to initiate a su-pervisory review. The Bulletin similarly states CFPB’s concerns that indirect lenders’ markup and dealer compensation policies may result in discriminatory lending prac-tices, and sets forth its expectations that in-direct auto lenders take steps to ensure that these policies do not result in pricing dis-parities on prohibited bases. We reached our conclusion in the Inter-agency Guidance decision, and in other prior GAO decisions, by examining CRA’s defini-tion of a ‘‘rule,’’ which includes ‘‘the whole or a part of an agency statement of general or particular applicability and future effect designed to implement, interpret, or pre-scribe law or policy.’’ This definition has three key components: (1) an agency state-ment, (2) of future effect, and (3) designed to implement, interpret, or prescribe law or policy. We noted that this definition is broad, and includes both rules requiring no-tice and comment rulemaking and those that do not, such as general statements of policy. We decided that the Interagency Guidance fell squarely within CRA as an agency action that constituted a ‘‘statement of general . . . applicability and future effect designed to implement, interpret or prescribe . . . pol-icy.’’ Similarly, the CFPB Bulletin at issue here is a statement of general applicability, since it applies to all indirect auto lenders; it has future effect; and it is designed to pre-scribe the Bureau’s policy in enforcing fair lending laws. Additionally, in a decision issued in 2001, we decided that a ‘‘record of decision’’ (ROD) issued by the Fish and Wildlife Service in connection with a federal irrigation project was a rule under CRA. We found that the ROD was a general statement of policy re-garding water flow and ecosystems issues in both the Trinity and Sacramento Rivers whose essential purpose was to set policy for the future. In deciding that a general state-ment of policy is a rule for CRA purposes, this and other prior decisions cite to the leg-islative history of CRA, which confirms that rules subject to CRA requirements include general statements of policy. CFPB did not raise any claims that the Bulletin would not be a rule under CRA pur-suant to any of the three exceptions, and we can readily conclude that the Bulletin does not fall within any of the those exceptions. The Bulletin is of general and not particular applicability, does not relate to agency man-agement or personnel, and is not a rule of agency organization, procedure or practice. 
CONCLUSION  The Bulletin is a general statement of pol-icy designed to assist indirect auto lenders to ensure that they are operating in compli-ance with ECOA and Regulation B, as ap-plied to dealer markup and compensation policies. As such, it is a rule subject to the requirements of CRA. If you have any questions about this opin-ion, please contact Robert J. Cramer, Man-aging Associate General Counsel. Sincerely yours, T
HOMAS H. A RMSTRONG , General Counsel. f 
TRIBUTE TO STANLEY SPEAKS Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, today I wish to honor a longtime public serv-ant and regional director of the north-west region of the Bureau of Indian Af-fairs in my State, Mr. Stanley Speaks. Stan has served the tribes of Oregon and the Pacific Northwest well since 1982. His distinguished career with the Federal Government spanned more than 59 years and has resulted in high-ly recognized and extraordinary ac-complishments that stem from his es-tablished knowledge, experience, and management leadership. Stan graduated from Northeastern State University in Tahlequah, OK, and later obtained a master’s degree in education administration. By 1959, he had begun his long career with the Bu-reau of Indian Affairs. He served as the regional director in western Oklahoma and Kansas and came to the northwest region in 1982. There he served 14 agen-cies, 3 irrigation projects, and oversaw a trust land base of 6.3 million acres, covering five Northwest States. Stan also had the fiduciary trust responsi-bility to 45 Northwest Tribes with a membership totaling 115,000 Native- American people. As a Tribal member of the Chickasaw Nation of Oklahoma, Stan was inducted into the Chickasaw National Hall of Fame in 2002. Stan has devoted his life’s work to the advancement of Tribes and Indian people. He has worked hard to uphold and protect Tribal treaty rights, and through his stewardship of trust prop-erty and natural resources, trust in-come has helped meet the individual and family needs of Tribal members. He became the regional director at a time when the Western Oregon Tribes were being restored. Stan has long been a champion for Tribal veterans. He has supported housing, the expansion of veterans ben-efits, and access to healthcare. He, along with his lovely wife, Lois, are a staple at the annual veterans dinner sponsored by the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Indians each July. He has assisted the federally recog-nized Tribes in my home State of Or-egon with both advice and financial as-sistance on a variety of business and economic development ventures. His efforts have created hundreds of job op-portunities for Indian and non-Indian people in every Tribal community across Oregon and the Northwest. Stan has achieved countless victories for Native Americans, which will have long lasting beneficial impacts for years to come. He has been critical in maintaining the relationship between the Federal Government and Indian Tribes. Oregon has benefited from Stanley Speaks’ career management and leadership contributions. His leg-acies of achievement for our Tribes will live on to benefit not only this generation, but for generations yet to come. I thank Stan for his service to Indian Country and to this Nation. f 
TRIBUTE TO CHARLOTTE BOBICKI Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I wish to recognize and thank a dedicated community leader and civil servant, Charlotte Bobicki. She served as my regional representative in Alamosa, CO, and the San Luis Valley for 8 years. Charlotte began her career as a first grade teacher in Albuquerque, NM. In the early 1960s, she taught second grade in Yellow Springs, MD, while her husband, Tom, served in the Army at Fort Detrick, MD. In the late sixties, Charlotte and Tom returned to Alamosa, CO, where she was born and had attended college. Charlotte taught fifth and sixth grad-ers at Alamosa Evans Intermediate School. She then worked with special education students before transitioning to Alamosa Middle School, where she taught math and science and served as the assistant principal. Later she be-came principal at Polston Primary School. In 1997, Charlotte was elected as an Alamosa County Commissioner, where she served two 4-year terms. In 2005, Senator Ken Salazar hired her as his regional representative in Alamosa. When I was appointed to the Senate, I asked Charlotte to continue as the re-gional representative to Alamosa for the San Luis Valley, and she has served in that role for the last 8 years. Since 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE6.032 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7890 December 6, 2017 
then, I have repeatedly relied on her counsel and deep knowledge of the val-ley. Her relationships and devotion to the community have been invaluable, and I will miss her insights and perspective. It has been an honor to work with Charlotte, and I wish her a long and happy retirement. I know our friend-ship will continue for years to come. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MAJOR MICHAEL ‘‘PAKO’’ BENITEZ Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, today I recognize Maj. Michael ‘‘Pako’’ Benitez for all of his hard work on behalf of myself, my staff, and the State of South Dakota while working in my Washington, DC, office. Pako entered military service in 1997 and has devoted his career to the United States Armed Forces. Before his time in my office, Pako served as a flight commander and F–15E instructor weapons system officer. Pako’s experi-ences and expertise have been a true asset to the office. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Pako for his service to our country. I wish him continued suc-cess in the years to come. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SHELLI COFFEY Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, today I recognize Shelli Coffey for all of her hard work on behalf of myself, my staff, and the State of South Dakota while working in my Washington, DC, office. Shelli has spent her career working at the Federal Deposit Insurance Cor-poration, spending time in Chicago, New York, San Francisco, and Wash-ington, DC. Shelli’s insight into regula-tions and community banks has been a true asset to the office. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Shelli for all of the fine work she has done and wish her contin-ued success in the years to come. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO DR. CHARLES M
CMILLAN ∑Mr. HEINRICH. Mr. President, it is an honor to recognize Dr. Charles Mc-Millan for his leadership and service at Los Alamos National Laboratory as he plans his retirement at the end of this year. For 6 years, Dr. McMillan has served as director of Los Alamos, which em-ploys some of the best and brightest minds in the Nation and is indispen-sable to our Nation’s security and sci-entific and technology innovation. It has been a pleasure to work with Dr. McMillan to support LANL’s na-tional security missions and position the lab so it will continue to play vital role in nuclear security, cutting-edge research, and scientific advances in the decades ahead. Under Dr. McMillan’s leadership, LANL has undertaken critical work to modernize our nuclear weapons com-plex through the Stockpile Steward-ship Program. The multidisciplinary science and en-gineering at LANL has also produced new materials and technologies with applications such as earth system mod-eling, supercomputing analysis, explo-ration of Mars, and improved responses to global health crises. I have especially appreciated Dr. Mc-Millan’s commitment to working with the lab’s surrounding communities in northern New Mexico. The incredible success of Los Alamos depends on building trusting relation-ships with local communities. I have been proud to work with Dr. McMillan to bring together LANL lead-ership, regional colleges, universities, and public schools to train more New Mexicans to become part of LANL’s fu-ture workforce. I am grateful for the steps Dr. McMil-lan has taken to engage with the re-gional coalition of LANL communities on important issues such as con-tracting with local small businesses and cleaning up legacy waste. I commend Dr. McMillan for his in-credible record of service to our Nation addressing some of our most complex issues and challenges. It has been an honor for me to know Charlie, and I wish him the best in all of his future endeavors.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO MARGIE ALT ∑Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, Margie Alt belongs on the Mount Rushmore of environmental advocates. For more than three decades, first at U.S. PRIG and then Environment America, Margie has been one of the leading gen-erals in this monumental fight to com-bat climate change and protect our en-vironment. It was Margie’s vision that trans-formed U.S. PIRG and Environment America into the powerhouse environ-mental advocacy organization it is today, with more than 1 million mem-bers across the country. Because of her leadership, EA doesn’t just stand for Environment America, it also stands for everywhere in America, because that is where she planted the seeds of grassroots change and political activa-tion. As a tireless consumer protection champion, she has ensured that Amer-ica’s air and water is clean, our beach-es and waterways are protected, and the public is safeguarded from toxic threats. She led groundbreaking work to organize the majority of State Re-newable Electricity Standards in America, laying the foundation for the clean energy revolution that is now unstoppable. Her voice, passion, and strategic brilliance have been indispen-sable as the environmental movement she helped build takes on climate deniers and corporate polluters. For her entire career, Margie has stood up for the public’s health, stood against the special interests who would despoil our lands, and stood for integ-rity and progress. She is truly Massa-chusetts’ commitment to public serv-ice personified. America has been for-tunate to have had Margie Alt’s ex-traordinary leadership for these many years, and I have been fortunate to call her my friend.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO GEORGE NINCEHELSER ∑Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, today I recognize George Nincehelser, an in-tern in my Washington, DC, office, for all the hard work he has done on behalf of myself, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. George recently graduated from the University of Nebraska where he ma-jored in criminal justice and received minors in Arabic, national security, and global studies. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been de-voted to getting the most out of his in-ternship experience and who has been a true asset to the office. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to George for all of the fine work he has done and wish him contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE NATIONAL INTERSCHOLASTIC ATHLETIC ADMINISTRATORS ASSOCIATION ∑Mr. YOUNG. Mr. President, today I wish to formally recognize the 40th an-niversary of the National Inter-scholastic Athletic Administrators As-sociation, NIAAA, which is headquartered in Indianapolis, IN. Since its founding in 1977, the NIAAA has established itself as a leading pro-fessional organization for educational- based athletic programs for academic institutions nationwide. This associa-tion plays a critical role in the devel-opment of our young people as athletic administrators work tirelessly to pro-vide access to extracurricular activi-ties, teach strong work habits, and pro-mote civil engagement. December of 2017 will mark the 40th year since launching the NIAAA mis-sion. The organization has since grown to over 11,000 members nationwide. Currently, its core curriculum consists of 45 courses with a budget over $1.8 million. Despite the known fact that physical activity improves the overall personal development of young adults, evidence argues that the quality of coaching impacts the developmental effects of extramural sports. To ensure that positive, professional development is preserved, the NIAAA offers re-sources for secondary school athletic administrators to manage safe, high- quality athletic programs for all stu-dents. Along with professional edu-cational opportunities, the NIAAA has participated in 10 years of scholarship donations totaling to $120,000 and rec-ognizing 600 students as scholarship essay winners. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.043 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7891 December 6, 2017 
The NIAAA’s commitment to its mis-sion and its efforts to provide devel-oped leaders is inspiring. In acknowl-edgement of its success, the NIAAA be-came the first national association to be accredited by the North Central As-sociation Commission on Accreditation and School Improvement in the post-secondary division. The NIAAA has also developed the only all-inclusive Professional Education Program and Certification Program for secondary school athletic administrators. I ask my colleagues to join me in rec-ognizing the NIAAA for their renowned administrators and for their dedication to America’s youth. As one of Indiana’s Senators, I am honored to represent the NIAAA and commend their com-mitment to responsible athletic admin-istration.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 12:17 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 1164. An act to condition assistance to the West Bank and Gaza on steps by the Pal-estinian Authority to end violence and ter-rorism against Israeli citizens. H.R. 3317. An act to amend title 18, United States Code, to increase the penalty for fe-male genital mutilation, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 3731. An act to provide overtime pay for employees of the United States Secret Service, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that pursuant to clause 11 of rule I, the Speaker removes the gentleman from Oregon, Mr. Walden, as a conferee and appoints the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Upton, to fill the vacancy thereon to the bill (H.R. 1) to provide for rec-onciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 12:35 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 228. An act to amend the Indian Em-ployment, Training and Related Services Demonstration Act of 1992 to facilitate the ability of Indian tribes to integrate the em-ployment, training, and related services from diverse Federal sources, and for other purposes. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 3317. An act to amend title 18, United States Code, to increase the penalty for fe-male genital mutilation, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 3731. An act to provide overtime pay for employees of the United States Secret Service, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. f MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bill was read the sec-ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
S. 2192. A bill to strengthen border secu-rity, increase resources for enforcement of immigration laws, and for other purposes. f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME The following bill was read the first time: 
S. 2199. A bill to authorize appropriations for border infrastructure construction, to provide conditional resident status to cer-tain aliens, and to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to include grounds of in-admissibility and deportability for alien members of criminal gangs and cartels, and for other purposes. f 
ENROLLED BILL PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on today, December 6, 2017, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bill: 
S. 371. An act to make technical changes and other improvements to the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Ms. COLLINS, from the Special Com-mittee on Aging: Special Report entitled ‘‘America’s Aging Workforce: Opportunities and Challenges’’ (Rept. No. 115–191). f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY: S. 2195. A bill to amend title 28, United States Code, to provide an Inspector General for the judicial branch, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. MURPHY: S. 2196. A bill to amend chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code (popularly referred to as the Buy American Act) and certain other laws with respect to certain waivers under those laws, to provide greater transparency regarding exceptions to domestic sourcing requirements, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. By Ms. BALDWIN: S. 2197. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to reform the credit for in-creasing research activities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. M
ENENDEZ , and Mr. W HITEHOUSE ): S. 2198. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to reinstate the financing for the Hazardous Substance Superfund, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. FLAKE: S. 2199. A bill to authorize appropriations for border infrastructure construction, to provide conditional resident status to cer-tain aliens, and to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to include grounds of in-admissibility and deportability for alien members of criminal gangs and cartels, and for other purposes; read the first time. By Mr. THUNE (for himself and Mr. NELSON ): S. 2200. A bill to reauthorize the National Integrated Drought Information System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. COONS: S. 2201. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to improve college access and college completion for all students; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. N
EL-
SON, Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. B OOKER , and Mr. B
LUNT ): S. 2202. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to authorize appropriations for the National Transportation Safety Board, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself, Mr. G
RAHAM , Ms. H ARRIS , Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI , Mr. D URBIN , Ms. H EITKAMP , and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ): S. 2203. A bill to amend title 9 of the United States Code with respect to arbitra-tion; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Mr. C
ORNYN , Mr. C RUZ, and Mrs. M UR-
RAY): S. Res. 349. A resolution commemorating the 100th Anniversary of the 2d Infantry Di-vision; to the Committee on Armed Services. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 611 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 611, a bill to amend the McKinney- Vento Homeless Assistance Act to meet the needs of homeless children, youth, and families, and honor the as-sessments and priorities of local com-munities. 
S. 949 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 949, a bill to require the Director of the Office of Personnel Management to cre-ate a classification that more accu-rately reflects the vital role of wildland firefighters. 
S. 950 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 950, a bill to correct problems per-taining to human resources for career and volunteer personnel engaged in wildland fire and structure fire. 
S. 1203 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE6.027 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7892 December 6, 2017 
S. 1203, a bill to require the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency to establish a program under which the Administrator shall defer the designation of an area as a non-attainment area for purposes of the 8- hour ozone national ambient air qual-ity standard if the area achieves and maintains certain standards under a voluntary early action compact plan. 
S. 1514 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1514, a bill to amend certain Acts to re-authorize those Acts and to increase protections for wildlife, and for other purposes. 
S. 1718 
At the request of Mr. K ENNEDY , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1718, a bill to authorize the minting of a coin in honor of the 75th anniversary of the end of World War II, and for other purposes. 
S. 1746 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1746, a bill to require the Congressional Budget Office to make publicly avail-able the fiscal and mathematical mod-els, data, and other details of computa-tions used in cost analysis and scoring. 
S. 1870 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1870, a bill to amend the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 to secure urgent resources vital to Indian victims of crime, and for other purposes. 
S. 1879 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) and the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1879, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the cov-erage of marriage and family therapist services and mental health counselor services under part B of the Medicare program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1919 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1919, a bill to end the use of body-gripping traps in the National Wildlife Refuge System. 
S. 1945 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1945, a bill to regulate large capacity ammunition feeding devices. 
S. 1990 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1990, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to increase the amounts payable by the Department of Veterans Affairs for dependency and in-demnity compensation, to modify the requirements for dependency and in-demnity compensation for survivors of certain veterans rated totally disabled at the time of death, and for other pur-poses. S. 2109 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2109, a bill to count revenues from military and veteran education pro-grams toward the limit on Federal rev-enues that certain proprietary institu-tions of higher education are allowed to receive for purposes of section 487 of the Higher Education Act of 1965, and for other purposes. 
S. 2155 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the names of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ), the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ), the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) and the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2155, a bill to promote economic growth, provide tailored reg-ulatory relief, and enhance consumer protections, and for other purposes. 
S. 2159 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the names of the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. H
AS-
SAN) were added as cosponsors of S. 2159, a bill to require covered harass-ment and covered discrimination awareness and prevention training for Members, officers, employees, interns, fellows, and detailees of Congress with-in 30 days of employment and annually thereafter, to require a biennial cli-mate survey of Congress, to amend the enforcement process under the Office of Congressional Workplace Rights for covered harassment and covered dis-crimination complaints, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. GRASSLEY: S. 2195. A bill to amend title 28, United States Code, to provide an In-spector General for the judicial branch, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, to help ensure that our Federal judicial system remains free of corruption, bias, and hypocrisy, today I rise to re-introduce the Judicial Transparency and Ethics Enhancement Act. This im-portant bill would establish within the Judicial branch an Office of Inspector General to assist the Judiciary with its ethical obligations as well as to ensure taxpayer dollars are not lost to waste, fraud, or abuse. Ensuring a fair and independent judiciary is critical to our Constitutional system of checks and balances. During my many years in Congress, I’ve worked hard to strengthen the oversight role of Federal Inspectors General who serve as the first line of defense against fraud, waste and abuse. The facts demonstrate that the institu-tion of the Inspector General has been crucial in detecting, exposing and de-terring problems within our govern-ment. In collaboration with whistle-blowers, Inspectors General have been extremely effective in their efforts to expose and help correct these wrongs. I’ve come to rely on IGs and whistle-blowers to ensure that our tax dollars are spent according to the letter and spirit of the law. And when that doesn’t happen, we in Congress need to know about it and take corrective ac-tion. During the past fiscal year, Congress appropriated roughly $7 billion in tax-payer dollars to support the Federal ju-diciary. Put in context, the Small Business Administration and the Cor-poration for National and Community Service each received less funding than the judiciary but both entities have an Office of Inspector General. If we in Congress believed that these entities could use an Inspector General, doesn’t it make good sense that the Judiciary would deserve the same assistance? Beyond fiduciary factors, the current practice of self-regulation of judges with respect to ethics and the judicial code of conduct has time and time again proven inadequate. In fact, in the past seven years, the Senate received articles of impeachment for not one but two Federal judges. In the first case, former Judge Sam-uel B. Kent, although charged with multiple counts of sexual assault, pled guilty to obstruction of justice. It took a criminal investigation by the Depart-ment of Justice to uncover his false statements made to his colleagues who were assembled to investigated him as well as substantiate the horrendous claims made against him. In the second case, you will recall that the Senate found former Judge G. Thomas Porteous, Jr. guilty on mul-tiple articles of impeachment, includ-ing accepting money from attorneys who had a case pending before him in his court and committing perjury by falsifying his name on bankruptcy fil-ings. This Judge’s misbehavior came to light through a federal criminal inves-tigation, after which another judicial committee had to be organized to in-vestigate their fellow judge. Moreover, in each case the disgraced judge tried to game the system in order to retain his $174,000 salary. Rather than resign their commissions, each first tried to claim disability status that would allow each to continue to receive payment, even if in prison. Then both played chicken with Con-gress daring us to strip them of their pay by impeaching and convicting them. I am pleased that we put our foot down and said ‘‘No.’’ The Judicial Transparency and Eth-ics Enhancement Act would establish an Office of Inspector General for the judicial branch. The IG’s responsibil-ities would include conducting inves-tigations of possible judicial mis-conduct, investigating waste fraud and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE6.016 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7893 December 6, 2017 
abuse, and recommending changes in laws and regulations governing the fed-eral judiciary. The bill would require the IG to provide the Chief Justice and Congress with an annual report on its activities, as well as refer matters that may constitute a criminal violation to the Department of Justice. Further, the bill establishes important whistle-blower protections for judicial branch employees to help keep the judiciary accountable. Judges are supposed to maintain im-partiality. They’re supposed to be free from conflicts of interest. An inde-pendent watchdog for the federal judi-ciary will help its members comply with the ethics rules and promote credibility within the judicial branch of government. The Judicial Trans-parency and Ethics Enhancement Act will not only help ensure continued public confidence in our federal courts and keep them beyond reproach, it will strengthen our judicial branch. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2195 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Judicial Transparency and Ethics Enhancement Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. INSPECTOR GENERAL FOR THE JUDICIAL BRANCH. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT AND DUTIES .—Part III of title 28, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 60—INSPECTOR GENERAL FOR THE JUDICIAL BRANCH ‘‘Sec. ‘‘1021. Establishment. ‘‘1022. Appointment, term, and removal of In-spector General. ‘‘1023. Duties. ‘‘1024. Powers. ‘‘1025. Reports. ‘‘1026. Whistleblower protection. ‘‘§ 1021. Establishment ‘‘There is established for the judicial branch of the Government the Office of In-spector General for the Judicial Branch (in this chapter referred to as the ‘Office’). ‘‘§ 1022. Appointment, term, and removal of Inspector General ‘‘(a) A
PPOINTMENT .—The head of the Office shall be the Inspector General, who shall be appointed by the Chief Justice of the United States after consultation with the majority and minority leaders of the Senate and the Speaker and minority leader of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(b) T
ERM.—The Inspector General shall serve for a term of 4 years and may be re-appointed by the Chief Justice of the United States for any number of additional terms. ‘‘(c) R
EMOVAL .—The Inspector General may be removed from office by the Chief Justice of the United States. The Chief Justice shall communicate the reasons for any such re-moval to both Houses of Congress. ‘‘§ 1023. Duties ‘‘With respect to the judicial branch, the Office shall— ‘‘(1) conduct investigations of alleged mis-conduct in the judicial branch (other than the United States Supreme Court) under chapter 16 that may require oversight or other action within the judicial branch or by Congress; ‘‘(2) conduct investigations of alleged mis-conduct in the United States Supreme Court that may require oversight or other action within the judicial branch or by Congress; ‘‘(3) conduct and supervise audits and in-vestigations; ‘‘(4) prevent and detect waste, fraud, and abuse; and ‘‘(5) recommend changes in laws or regula-tions governing the judicial branch. ‘‘§ 1024. Powers ‘‘(a) POWERS .—In carrying out the duties of the Office, the Inspector General shall have the power to— ‘‘(1) make investigations and reports; ‘‘(2) obtain information or assistance from any Federal, State, or local governmental agency, or other entity, or unit thereof, in-cluding all information kept in the course of business by the Judicial Conference of the United States, the judicial councils of cir-cuits, the Administrative Office of the United States Courts, and the United States Sentencing Commission; ‘‘(3) require, by subpoena or otherwise, the attendance and testimony of such witnesses, and the production of such books, records, correspondence, memoranda, papers, and documents, which subpoena, in the case of contumacy or refusal to obey, shall be en-forceable by civil action; ‘‘(4) administer to or take from any person an oath, affirmation, or affidavit; ‘‘(5) employ such officers and employees, subject to the provisions of title 5, governing appointments in the competitive service, and the provisions of chapter 51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 of such title relating to clas-sification and General Schedule pay rates; ‘‘(6) obtain services as authorized by sec-tion 3109 of title 5 at daily rates not to ex-ceed the equivalent rate for a position at level IV of the Executive Schedule under sec-tion 5315 of such title; and ‘‘(7) the extent and in such amounts as may be provided in advance by appropria-tions Acts, to enter into contracts and other arrangements for audits, studies, analyses, and other services with public agencies and with private persons, and to make such pay-ments as may be necessary to carry out the duties of the Office. ‘‘(b) C
HAPTER 16 M ATTERS .—The Inspector General shall not commence an investiga-tion under section 1023(1) until the denial of a petition for review by the judicial council of the circuit under section 352(c) of this title or upon referral or certification to the Judicial Conference of the United States of any matter under section 354(b) of this title. ‘‘(c) L
IMITATION .—The Inspector General shall not have the authority to— ‘‘(1) investigate or review any matter that is directly related to the merits of a decision or procedural ruling by any judge, justice, or court; or ‘‘(2) punish or discipline any judge, justice, or court. ‘‘§ 1025. Reports ‘‘(a) W
HEN TOBEMADE.—The Inspector General shall— ‘‘(1) make an annual report to the Chief Justice and to Congress relating to the ac-tivities of the Office; and ‘‘(2) make prompt reports to the Chief Jus-tice and to Congress on matters that may re-quire action by the Chief Justice or Con-gress. ‘‘(b) S
ENSITIVE MATTER .—If a report con-tains sensitive matter, the Inspector General may so indicate and Congress may receive that report in closed session. ‘‘(c) D
UTY TOINFORM ATTORNEY GEN-
ERAL .—In carrying out the duties of the Of-fice, the Inspector General shall report expe-ditiously to the Attorney General whenever the Inspector General has reasonable grounds to believe there has been a violation of Federal criminal law. ‘‘§ 1026. Whistleblower protection ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—No officer, employee, agent, contractor, or subcontractor in the judicial branch may discharge, demote, threaten, suspend, harass, or in any other manner discriminate against an employee in the terms and conditions of employment be-cause of any lawful act done by the employee to provide information, cause information to be provided, or otherwise assist in an inves-tigation regarding any possible violation of Federal law or regulation, or misconduct, by a judge, justice, or any other employee in the judicial branch, which may assist the In-spector General in the performance of duties under this chapter. ‘‘(b) C
IVIL ACTION .—An employee injured by a violation of subsection (a) may, in a civil action, obtain appropriate relief.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of chapters for part III of title 28, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘60. Inspector General for the judi-cial branch ................................... 1021’’. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 349—COM-MEMORATING THE 100TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE 2D INFANTRY DIVISION Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Mr. C
ORNYN , Mr. C RUZ, and Mrs. M URRAY ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Armed Services: 
S. R ES. 349 Whereas October 26, 2017, is the 100th anni-versary of the organization of the 2d Infan-try Division; Whereas the 2d Infantry Division— (1) was established in October 1917 at Bourmont, France, as the Second Division; (2) was the first division organized on for-eign soil; and (3) has been proudly serving since 1917; Whereas, the 2d Infantry Division is the only Army unit that has ever been com-manded by a Marine Corps Officer because, at the time of activation, the 2d Infantry Di-vision— (1) was composed of both Army and Marine units; and (2) was commanded during World War I by— (A) Army officers Major General Omar Bundy and Major General James G. Harbord; and (B) Marine Corps generals Brigadier Gen-eral Charles A. Doyen and Major General John A. Lejeune; Whereas, since the heroic start of the 2d Division, the 2d Division has played an inte-gral part in United States history by serving in— (1) World War I; (2) World War II; (3) the Korean War; (4) the Cold War; (5) Operation Iraqi Freedom; (6) Operation Enduring Freedom; and (7) current operations in Korea; Whereas, the 2d Infantry Division— (1) drew its first blood at the Battle of Bel-leau Wood, France in June 1918; and (2) contributed to shattering the 4-year-old stalemate on the battlefield during the Cha-teau-Thierry campaign that followed; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE6.020 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7894 December 6, 2017 
Whereas, the 2d Division played a central role in other monumental struggles of World War I, such as— (1) the defense of the Ainse; (2) the Battle of Soissons in the Aisne- Marne Offensive; (3) the Saint-Mihiel Offensive; (4) the Meuse-Argonne Offensive; and (5) the Battle of Blanc Mont Ridge; Whereas, immediately after the 2d Infantry Division, commonly known as the ‘‘Indianhead Division’’, was established, the 2d Infantry Division started to build a pres-tigious reputation for its service during World War I; Whereas, following World War I, the 2d In-fantry Division was 1 of only 3 United States divisions to remain on active duty, which is a strong testament to the accomplishments of the 2d Infantry Division; Whereas the 2d Infantry Division— (1) remained on occupation duty in Ger-many to enforce the Armistice until July 1919; and (2) came to the United States for the first time in July 1919, having fought in every major United States engagement and emerg-ing as the most decorated United States Di-vision of the American Expeditionary Forces; Whereas, in recognition of exemplary serv-ice during World War I, the 2d Infantry Divi-sion was the recipient of— (1) French Croix de Guerre with Palm, Streamer embroidered AISNE-MARNE; (2) French Croix de Guerre with Palm, Streamer embroidered MEUSE-ARGONNE; and (3) French Fourrage`re; Whereas the 2d Division established the new home of the Division in Fort Sam Hous-ton, Texas, to test new concepts and innova-tions for the Army; Whereas, in 1937, 2d Infantry Division be-came the first command reorganized under the new triangular concept, having 3 sepa-rate regiments in the division; Whereas, Headquarters, 2d Division was re-designated on August 1, 1942, as Head-quarters, 2d Infantry Division; Whereas, in June 1944, the 2d Infantry Divi-sion was called to action and made the as-sault landing on Omaha Beach 1 day after D- Day, June 7, 1944, which began the liberation of northern Europe from Nazi control; Whereas, during World War II, the 2d In-fantry Division fought bravely in France, Germany, and Czechoslovakia from 1944 to 1945; Whereas the 2d Infantry Division contin-ued to provide invaluable service throughout World War II, including by— (1) fighting for the liberation of France and Belgium; (2) fighting for the liberation of Tre ´vie`res on June 10, 1944; (3) assaulting and securing Hill 192; (4) capturing Tinchebray on August 15, 1944; (5) capturing the vital port city of Brest, which was liberated in September 1944 after a fierce 28-day battle fought in streets and alleyways; (6) fighting at the Battle of the Bulge, where the 2d Infantry Division pierced the dreaded Siegfried Line and held critical roads leading to the cities of Lie`ge and Ant- werp; (7) capturing the city of Breisig on March 10 to 11, 1945; (8) crossing the Rhine to relieve the 9th Ar-mored Division in Hadamar and Limburg an der Lahn on March 21, 1945; (9) capturing Merseburg on April 15, 1945; (10) capturing Leipzig on April 18, 1945; and (11) crossing into Czechoslovakia and at-tacking the city of Pilsen on 4 May, 1945; Whereas 6 members of the 2d Infantry Divi-sion received the Congressional Medal of Honor for their gallantry actions during World War II; Whereas, in recognition of exemplary serv-ice during World War II, the 2d Infantry Di-vision was— (1) the recipient of the Belgian Fourrage `re World War II; (2) cited in the ‘‘Order of the Day’’ of the Belgian Army for action at Elsenborn Crest; and (3) cited in the ‘‘Order of the Day’’ of the Belgian Army for action in the Ardennes; Whereas the 2d Infantry Division returned home to Fort Lewis, Washington on April 15, 1946; Whereas elements of the 2d Infantry Divi-sion arrived in Korea via Pusan, on July 31, 1950, becoming the first United States unit to arrive directly in Korea from the United States; Whereas the 2d Infantry Division helped repel attackers on the Pusan Perimeter dur-ing a 16-day attack beginning on the night of August 31, 1950, in a battle in which 2d Infan-try Division clerks, bandsman, technical per-sonnel, and supply personnel all joined the fight to repel the attackers; Whereas, the 2d Infantry Division was the first unit to break out of the Pusan Perim-eter and led the Eighth Army drive to the Manchurian Border; Whereas, on November 26, 1950, with the intervention of the Chinese in the Korean War, the 2d Infantry Division was tasked with protecting the rear and right flank of the Eighth Army; Whereas, the 23d Regimental Combat Team, 2d Infantry Division, and the French Battalion were cut off and surrounded by 3 Chinese Divisions on February 13, 1951 at Chipyong-ni, but fiercely fought freezing weather conditions and overwhelming Com-munist forces for more than 3 days, killing over 5,000 enemies while possessing about 
1⁄10 of the enemies’ strength; Whereas the 23d Regimental Combat Team, 2d Infantry Division, gave the first major de-feat to the Chinese at the battle of Chipyong-Ni, a turning point in the Korean War; Whereas 20 members of the 2d Infantry Di-vision earned the Congressional Medal of Honor during the Korean War; Whereas, in recognition of exemplary serv-ice during the Korean War, the 2d Infantry Division was the recipient of— (1) the Presidential Unit Citation Streamer embroidered HONGCHON; (2) the Republic of Korea Presidential Unit Citation Streamer embroidered NAKTONG RIVER LINE; and (3) the Republic of Korea Presidential Unit Citation Streamer embroidered KOREA; Whereas, after 3 years of fighting in Korea, the 2d Infantry Division was transferred to Fort Lewis, Washington, arriving on October 7, 1954; Whereas, the 2d Infantry Division was re-structured with personnel and equipment from the 10th Infantry Division in the spring of 1958, and moved to Fort Benning, Georgia; Whereas the 2d Infantry Division provided support for 3 brigades supported by armor, cavalry, and artillery under the Reorganiza-tion Objective Army Division concept in April 1964; Whereas the 2d Infantry Division returned to Korea on July 1, 1965, and exchanged per-sonnel and equipment with the 1st Cavalry Division; Whereas the 2d Infantry Division was as-signed to guard portions of the demilitarized zone to keep the peace and help deter war on the Korean peninsula; Whereas members of the 1st Battalion, 23d Infantry, 2d Infantry Division, were killed in an North Korean ambush on November 2, 1966; Whereas 16 members of the Armed Forces of the United States were killed by enemy attacks in the demilitarized zone; Whereas Captain Arthur G. Bonifas and First Lieutenant Mark T. Barrett of the United Nations Joint Security Force were attacked and killed during a routine tree- trimming operation on August 18, 1976; Whereas, in response, the United Nations Command launched Operation Paul Bunyan at 0700 hours on August 21, 1976, when a Re-public of Korea Special Forces Company, the 9th Infantry, and B Company, 2d Engineer Battalion, moved in to cut down the infa-mous Panmunjeom Tree while supported by B-52 bombers and F-5 and F-11 fighter jets aboard a Midway Task Force aircraft carrier standing by just offshore; Whereas members of the 2d Infantry Divi-sion, proudly wearing ‘‘Imjin Scout’’ patch-es, patrolled the demilitarized zone through-out the 1980s until 1992, and then remained deployed along the border; Whereas the 3d Brigade, 2d Infantry Divi-sion— (1) was reactivated at Fort Lewis, Wash-ington on April 16, 1995, as part of I Corps; and (2) became the first interim Brigade Com-bat Team in the Army in May 2000, later to be equipped with Stryker vehicles; Whereas, in the defense of United States interests, the 4th Brigade deployed in sup-port of Operation Iraqi Freedom from No-vember 2003 to November 2004; Whereas, in August 2004, the 2d Brigade, 2d Infantry Division, deployed with the Repub-lic of Korea Army, representing the first operational deployment from the Republic of Korea; Whereas the 2d Brigade Combat Team, 2d Infantry Division, was given control of the Eastern half of Ar-Ramadi under the direct command of the 1st Marine Division; Whereas elements of the 2d Infantry Divi-sion were attached to the 2d Marine Division during Operation Iraqi Freedom, a reversal of their respective roles during World War I, where the 5th and 6th Marine Regiment of the 1st Marine Division fought under the United States Army 2d Infantry Division; Whereas the 2d Brigade, 2d Infantry Divi-sion, fought in the Fallujah Offensive in No-vember 2004, which provided Iraqis the oppor-tunity to vote in the historic national elec-tions of January 2005; Whereas the 2d Brigade, 2d Infantry Divi-sion, provided humanitarian relief to hos-pitals, schools, and hundreds of Iraqi civil-ians who had been displaced; Whereas the 2d Brigade, 2d Infantry Divi-sion, redeployed from Iraq to Fort Carson, Colorado in August 2005; Whereas the 3d Stryker Brigade Combat Team, 2d Infantry Division, deployed from Fort Lewis, Washington, to assist the Iraqi security forces with counter insurgence oper-ations in the Ninewa Province in support of Iraqi Freedom from June 2006 to September 2007; Whereas the 2d Infantry Division trans-formed into the Republic of Korea-United States Combined Division with a Republic of Korea Army unit on June 3, 2015, in a cooper-ative designed to strengthen the operational capabilities of both the Republic of Korea Army and the United States Army; Whereas the 2d Infantry Division is the last remaining permanently forward-sta-tioned division in the United States Army; Whereas the 2d Infantry Division has been deterring aggression and maintaining peace on the Korean Peninsula since 1965; Whereas the 2d Infantry Division received 2 Korean Presidential Unit Citations for its outstanding service in Korea from 1950 to the present; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE6.021 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7895 December 6, 2017 
Whereas, since the establishment of the 2d Infantry Division in 1917— (1) elements of the 2d Infantry Division have been present all over the world, assist-ing in combat and noncombat missions for 100 years; (2) more than 13,200 members of the 2d In-fantry Division have sacrificed their lives in combat; and (3) 40 members of the 2d Infantry Division have received the Medal of Honor in total: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) commemorates ‘‘A Century of Service’’, the 100th anniversary of the 2d Infantry Divi-sion on October 26, 2017; (2) commends the 2d Infantry Division, now known as the ‘‘Indianhead’’, for continuing to exemplify the motto of the 2d Infantry Di-vision, ‘‘Second to None!’’ and ‘‘Fight To-night!’’; (3) honors the memory of the more than 13,200 members of the 2d Infantry Division who lost their lives in battle; (4) expresses gratitude and support for all members and veterans of the 2d Infantry Di-vision and their families; and (5) recognizes that the 2d Infantry Division holds an honored place in United States his-tory. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I have 8 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
The Committee on Environment and Public Works is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, December 6, 2017, at 10 a.m. in room SD–406 to conduct a hearing on the following nomination: R. D. James, of Missouri, to be an Assistant Sec-retary of the Army, Department of De-fense. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, December 6, 2017, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing en-titled ‘‘Adapting to Defend the Home-land Against the Evolving Inter-national Terrorist Threat’’. 
COMMITTEE ON JUDICIARY  
The Committee on Judiciary is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, December 6, 2017, at 10 a.m. in room SD–226 to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Firearm Ac-cessory Regulation and Enforcing Fed-eral and State Reporting to the Na-tional Instant Criminal Background Check System (NCIS).’’ 
COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Wednesday, De-cember 6, 2017, at 2:30 p.m. in room SD– 628 to conduct a hearing on S. 1870, ‘‘The Securing Urgent Resources Vital to Indian Victim Empowerment Act’’. COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Wednesday, De-cember 6, 2017, at 2:30 p.m. in room SD– 628 to conduct a hearing on S. 644, ‘‘Navajo Utah Water Rights Settlement Act of 2017’’ and S. 1770, ‘‘Hualapai Tribe Waters Rights Settlement Act of 2017’’. 
SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON AGING  
The Special Committee on Aging is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, December 6, 2017, at 9:30 a.m. in room SD–562 to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘America’s Aging Workforce: Opportunities and Challenges’’. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON SUPERFUND , WASTE  
MANAGEMENT , AND REGULATORY OVERSIGHT  
The Subcommittee on Superfund, Waste Management, and Regulatory Oversight of the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, December 6, 2017, at 2:30 p.m. in room SD–406 to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Challenges Facing Superfund and Waste Cleanup Efforts Following Natural Disasters’’. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON NEAR EAST , SOUTH ASIA , 
AND COUNTERTERRORISM  
The Subcommittee on Near East, South Asia, and Counterterrorism of the Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, December 6, 2017, at 2:30 p.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Beyond ISIS: Countering Ter-rorism, Radicalization, and Promoting Stability in North Africa.’’ 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that a military fel-low in my office, Capt. Sam Burke, be granted floor privileges for the dura-tion of my remarks. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
DISCHARGE AND REFERRAL—S. 2146 Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs be discharged from further consideration of S. 2146 and the bill be referred to the Com-mittee on Finance. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE CALENDAR—S. 2192 Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I un-derstand that there is a bill at the desk that is due for a second reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bill by title for the second time. The legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (S. 2192) to strengthen border secu-rity, increase resources for enforcement of immigration laws, and for other purposes. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. In order to place the bill on the calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to further proceedings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion having been heard, the bill will be placed on the calendar. 
f 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST TIME—S. 2199 Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I un-derstand that there is a bill at the desk, and I ask for its first reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bill by title for the first time. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2199) to authorize appropriations for border infrastructure construction, to provide conditional resident status to cer-tain aliens, and to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to include grounds of in-admissibility and deportability for alien members of criminal gangs and cartels, and for other purposes. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. I now ask for a sec-ond reading and, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the provi-sions of rule XIV, I object to my own request. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The bill will be read for the second time on the next legislative day. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREE-MENT—EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, as in executive session, I ask unanimous consent that at a time to be deter-mined by the majority leader, in con-sultation with the Democratic leader, the Senate proceed to executive session for consideration of Calendar No. 167, the nomination of Susan Bodine to be an Assistant Administrator of EPA. I further ask that there be 30 minutes of debate on the nomination, equally di-vided in the usual form, and that fol-lowing the use or yielding back of time, the Senate vote on confirmation with no intervening action or debate, and that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President be im-mediately notified of the Senate’s ac-tion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, DECEMBER 7, 2017 Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 10 a.m., Thursday, Decem-ber 7; further, that following the pray-er and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE6.021 S06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7896 December 6, 2017 
following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each until 11 a.m.; I further ask that at 11 a.m., Senator S
TRANGE be recognized for up to 30 minutes; finally, that at 11:45 a.m., the Senate proceed to executive session to consider the Balash nomina-tion as under the previous order. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:46 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, December 7, 2017, at 10 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06DE6.055 S06DEPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1661 December 6, 2017 
IN HONOR OF FINLAND’S CENTENNIAL 
HON. SEAN P. DUFFY 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 6, 2017 Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, today I rise on behalf of the Congressional Friends of Finland Caucus in recognition of Finland’s Centennial. For a generation of Finns, this is the most sig-nificant commemorative year in their lifetime. The significance of the anniversary comes with good reason. A century ago, on Decem-ber 6, 1917, Finland declared itself an inde-pendent republic and rejected its status as an autonomous Grand Duchy of Russia. As is often the case, independence is not easily won. Soon after breaking away from Tsarist Russia, the country descended into civil war with neighbor pitted against neighbor. How-ever, from the struggle of war, something in-credible happened: the Finnish people emerged with renewed purpose and a new na-tional identity. After 100 years of democracy, Finland has become a shining example to the world of what monumental achievements can be made in a short time. Today, Finland is the pinnacle of Nordic values and culture, a proud member state of the European Union, and a key polit-ical and economic partner of the United States. The deep relationships between the United States and Finland cannot be over-stated. The United States is the third largest trading partner of Finland and in addition, around 250 Finnish–owned companies, which directly employ about 34,000 people, are based in the United States. Truly, US–Finland relations have never been stronger. And just a few short months ago, President Trump hosted President Niinisto¨at the White House. There the Presidents discussed Fin-land’s leadership of the Artic Council, the coa-lition to defeat ISIS, and cybersecurity. Fur-thermore, President Trump pledged an addi-tional half–million dollars to the Fulbright Fin-land Foundation so that the United States could send more of our brightest students to study and form lasting relationships in Finland. Our peoples share many common values and interests that make Finns and Americans readily identify with one another. Hard work and the drive to succeed have benefitted both our peoples and embody some of our most deeply–held virtues. In light of these shared interests and the strong relationship between our peoples, I congratulate all Finns on 100 years of inde-pendence. Continued cooperation between our nations will make Finland’s second century as robust and vibrant as the first and my col-leagues in the House and I look forward to closely working with our Finnish counterparts towards that end. Thank you, Finland, for being a valued friend to the United States and happy centennial. HONORING THE MINNESOTA CHAP-TER OF THE COUNCIL ON AMER-ICAN ISLAMIC RELATIONS HON. TIMOTHY J. WALZ 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 6, 2017 Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to rise today in recognition of the tenth anniver-sary of the founding of the Council on Amer-ican-Islamic Relations—Minnesota Chapter (CAIR–MN). CAIR–MN works, as part of a na-tionwide network of chapters, to diligently pro-tect and enhance some of the fundamental principles that have shaped America since its inception. They fight to defend the constitu-tional right to religious freedom. They promote community engagement, inspire civic activism, and defend civil liberties. CAIR–MN’s work with Muslims in America has expanded the notions of social justice in our communities and supported the active participation of all our nations’ citizens and residents. Today, too many Americans have a dis-torted, inaccurate, or unclear understanding of Muslims, who they are, and what they believe. Fortunately, for ten years now, CAIR–MN has taken on the truly difficult, necessary, and re-warding task of dispelling misinformation, en-hancing our society’s understanding of Mus-lims and Islam, and combatting bigotry and in-tolerance. It is my hope that CAIR–MN will continue its remarkable contribution to our so-ciety for many more decades to come. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing CAIR–MN for the ten years of invaluable serv-ice they have provided to the State of Min-nesota and the United States of America. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE MULTIFAITH ALLIANCE FOR SYRIAN REFU-GEES AND AFYA FOUNDATION 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 6, 2017 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize an important event in my district-sponsored by the Multifaith Alliance for Syrian Refugees and the Afya Foundation. Last week, these two or-ganizations collected much-needed supplies to benefit those who have suffered from the Syr-ian civil war. The Multifaith Alliance for Syrian Refugees has a powerful story to tell. A coalition of over 90 organizations, it has facilitated a partner-ship between Israeli and Syrian organizations to help deliver critical humanitarian assistance, including food and medicine, to people inside Syria. Containers of donated assistance arrive at Israeli ports, where the Israeli Defense Forces transport the supplies to the Syrian border for distribution by Syrian organizations inside Syria. Joining the Multifaith Alliance for Syrian Ref-ugees is the Afya Foundation, which has a record of collecting supplies for humanitarian crises all over the world. The event in Yonkers, New York will build upon similar events and campaigns which have raised over $66 million of life-saving as-sistance. I applaud the participants in Yonkers, the Multifaith Alliance for Syrian Refugees, the Afya Foundation and all those Americans who have made an effort to help those in des-perate need in Syria. I recognize that the Syr-ian crisis will not be resolved by sending hu-manitarian assistance. For that, we will need a political solution. However, if we can help a family access food and medicine, help them realize that America has not forgotten them, then we can offer them hope for an end to the violence and war. f 
HONORING CARTER GILMORE 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 6, 2017 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory and service of a pillar of the Oak-land community, the Honorable Carter Gil-more. Although Mr. Gilmore passed away in 2006, the Oakland African American Museum and Library will be unveiling an exhibit focused on his life and career on December 9th, 2017. Carter Gilmore was born on May 30th, 1926 in Grapeland, Texas, and served in the US Navy during World War II. In 1947 he married Liz Hampton, and the couple soon moved to Oakland, where Mr. Gilmore worked as a plant manager for Granny Goose Foods. In 1977, Mr. Gilmore made history when he became the first African American elected to the Oakland City Council. During his tenure, which lasted until 1990, Mr. Gilmore made im-portant contributions to the City of Oakland through his role in the creation of the citizen’s police review board, and the city’s anti-blight ordinance, among many other initiatives and accomplishments. In addition to his work on the City Council, Mr. Gilmore was also an active member of his church, Bethel Missionary Baptist, starting when he first moved to Oakland in the 1950’s. Mr. Gilmore’s life was guided by a belief that we should all work to improve our com-munities, and the lives of our neighbors. He was also staunchly committed to civil rights. That belief in social justice led him to join the Alameda branch of the NAACP, and he later served as the chapter president. He also served as president of the NAACP’s Northern California division. In 1990, he helped lead the investigation into racial discrimination against African American employees at UPS, resulting in the largest settlement in the NAACP’s his-tory to that point. On a personal note, Carter was one of the first people to act as a mentor and advisor to me as I began my career working for Con-gressman Dellums. He always took time to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K06DE8.001 E06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1662 December 6, 2017 
help clarify issues for me, and he was a true trailblazer who educated our community about the importance of black political power. I will always remember his wise counsel and his friendship. Though Carter Gilmore died in 2006, his trailblazing legacy as the City of Oakland’s first African American elected to the City Council continues to inspire younger genera-tions to aspire for heights that they may not have ever considered without his example. Today, the Oakland African American Mu-seum and Library is unveiling an exhibit dedi-cated to Carter Gilmore’s life and legacy. Therefore, on behalf of California’s 13th Con-gressional District, I join the family and friends of Carter Gilmore in celebrating his life of pub-lic service. I offer my sincerest gratitude to him for all that he did to pave the way for future generations of community-oriented leaders. 
f 
HONORING MELODY WATTENBARGER 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 6, 2017 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. Melody Wattenbarger, the CEO and Presi-dent of Roadrunner Food Bank of New Mex-ico. Ms. Wattenbarger has worked tirelessly to fight hunger for over 30 years. As CEO and President of Roadrunner Food Bank, Melody created innovative approaches to aid families facing hunger across New Mex-ico. Her leadership enabled the food bank to assist 70,000 people each week. She created and strengthened key partnerships across communities, including partnerships with schools, doctors, private industry leaders, sen-ior centers, and food pantries. Melody was the founding President of the board for the New Mexico Association of Food Banks from 1999 to 2004 and continues to hold a seat on the board Melody Wattenbarger’s leadership in hunger relief has not only helped New Mexicans; she was the founding executive director of the High Plains Food Bank in Amarillo, Texas, she worked for the National Food Bank Network (Feeding America), and she regularly served on a variety of Feeding America committees. Melody was named the 2017 John van Hengel Fellow by Feeding America. The award ‘‘rec-ognizes the recipient for their leadership, local impact, national influence, commitment, and entrepreneurial spirit in the area of hunger re-lief.’’ I am proud to honor Ms. Melody Wattenbarger for her leadership in the fight against hunger. Her efforts are inspirational to the entire community in New Mexico. I am confident that even in retirement she will re-main an advocate for families experiencing hunger and her community will be better for her involvement. CONDEMNING ETHNIC CLEANSING OF ROHINGYA AND CALLING FOR AN END TO ATTACKS IN AND AN IMMEDIATE RESTORATION OF HUMANITARIAN ACCESS TO RAKHINE, BURMA SPEECH OF  
HON. BRENDA L. LAWRENCE 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, December 5, 2017 Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of House Concurrent Resolution 90, which condemns ethnic cleansing of the Rohingya and calls for an end to the attacks, and an immediate restoration of humanitarian access to the state of Rakhine in Burma. Many consider the Rohingya one of the most persecuted minorities in the world. The stories that have come out in recent weeks and days are devastating and horrific. The waves of brutally violent campaigns against the civilians—marked by mass killings, sexual violence, and forced displacement— have resulted in one of the fastest-growing ref-ugee crises of our time. Women, who account for the majority of those inside the refugee camps, face wide-spread rape and other forms of sexual vio-lence, and some are even being sold as sex slaves. Just like our zero-tolerance policy towards persecution within our borders, we must be crystal clear that the United States will not tol-erate the persecution of innocent men, women, and children around the world. I strongly believe that, with the help of the international community, we will find a peace-ful solution to this crisis, despite various obsta-cles in our way. This resolution is one step forward in that direction. 
f 
HONORING SERGEANT MAJOR ROBERT HAWKINS 
HON. TIMOTHY J. WALZ 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 6, 2017 Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Sergeant Major Robert Hawkins of the United States Army for his extraordinary dedi-cation to duty and service to our Nation. Ser-geant Major Hawkins will soon transition from his current assignment as an Army Congres-sional Legislative Liaison Officer in the House of Representatives to serve in The Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Acqui-sition, Logistics and Technology. A native of Alexandria, Virginia, Sergeant Major Hawkins began his military career as an Airborne Infantryman in 1990. He subse-quently served in assignments to Fort Kobbe, Republic of Panama; Fort Myers, Florida; Schofield Barracks, Hawaii; Fort Polk, Lou-isiana; Fort Bliss, Texas; Fort Campbell, Ken-tucky, and thrice at Fort Bragg, North Caro-lina. Sergeant Major Hawkins has served in multiple leadership and staff positions through-out his career. His combat deployments in-clude one tour in Iraq in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom and three tours in Afghanistan in support of Operation Enduring Freedom. In 2014, Sergeant Major Hawkins was se-lected as a Fellow in the Army Congressional Fellowship Program. He subsequently served twelve months as a Defense Legislative Fel-low in my office, representing the First Con-gressional District of Minnesota. While working on my team, I came to know Sergeant Major Hawkins as a shining example of the Army Values set forth in the Noncommissioned Offi-cer Creed. Competence is indeed Sergeant Major Hawkins’ watchword, and his commit-ment to doing what good NCOs do, accom-plishing the mission taking care of his team-mates, was second to none. For next two years, Sergeant Major Hawkins served as a Congressional Legislative Liaison Officer in the United States Army House Liai-son Division. As the primary liaison between Members of the House of Representatives, their Staffs, Committees, and the Army, he has provided insight and understanding of Army policies, actions, operations, and re-quirements. His first-hand knowledge of the military, its culture, and traditions has been of tremendous value to Congressional offices. Sergeant Major Hawkins was especially effec-tive in his service to Members and staff as he escorted them on fact-finding and oversight delegations within and outside the United States. Members and staff found him to be a thoughtful, intelligent, and dedicated Soldier in the best traditions of America’s Armed Forces. Mr. Speaker, it has been a pleasure to know and serve with Sergeant Major Hawkins during his time as an Army Congressional Fellow and Congressional Legislative Liaison Officer in the House of Representatives. On behalf of a grateful Nation, it is my honor to recognize the selfless service and sacrifice of Sergeant Major Robert Hawkins and his family. I wish Sergeant Major Hawkins the very best as he begins a new chapter of dedicated service to our nation in the United States Army. f 
NORTHWEST INDIANA ISLAMIC CENTER 25TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 6, 2017 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect and admiration that I congratu-late the Northwest Indiana Islamic Center, as its members and leaders join together to cele-brate the center’s 25th anniversary. In honor of this special occasion, the Northwest Indiana Islamic Center will be hosting an anniversary dinner on December 10, 2017, at the Avalon Manor in Merrillville, Indiana. In the early 1990’s, a small group of the Muslim population in Northwest Indiana de-cided to purchase property in the area with a vision to provide a spiritual home for its mem-bers, offering religious education and a place for prayer, worship, and community services. The original structure, completed in 1992, was quickly outgrown as the membership grew. In 1999, a new prayer hall and community center were completed. Today, the center is home to over one hundred families, and Friday prayer services are attended by more than three hun-dred individuals. The Northwest Indiana Is-lamic Center provides numerous activities and services, accommodating Muslim and non- Muslim individuals and families throughout 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06DE8.002 E06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1663 December 6, 2017 
Northwest Indiana. These include consultation services, Qur’an reading and memorization services, ceremonial and religious services, interfaith dialogues, humanitarian relief serv-ices, and numerous youth programs, to name a few. In addition, there are two Islamic week-end schools and two Islamic full-time schools on its premises. Northwest Indiana is not only grateful, but proud to have the support of the Northwest In-diana Islamic Center for the past twenty-five years. I would be remiss if I did not take a mo-ment to recognize the exceptional leadership of this noteworthy organization. The Board of Trustees includes Arshad Malak, Hakam Safadi, Hytham Rifai, Nabil Shabeeb, and Wahbi Adad. The Board of Directors is com-prised of President Abdul Fatah Adisa, Vice President Omar Estwani, Treasurer Isam Abdo, and Secretary Ferass Safadi, as well as former Presidents Fadel Shaaban and Shahabul Arfeen, and Osama Salameh, Ashraf Tebry, and Rami Musleh. For their sig-nificant contributions to their community, the members and leaders of the Northwest Indi-ana Islamic Center are worthy of the highest praise. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in congratu-lating the Northwest Indiana Islamic Center on its 25th anniversary. For their remarkable dedication to service and for touching the lives of countless individuals, the organization’s leaders and members are worthy of the bless-ings that have been bestowed upon them. 
f 
HONORING HARRY O. BLACKWELL 
HON. BONNIE WATSON COLEMAN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 6, 2017 Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of Trenton’s beloved Harry O. Blackwell, affectionately known as ‘‘Chubby.’’ I was saddened to hear of his untimely passing; he was a tireless advocate for youth programming for decades in our capital city. When we examine the life and passion of Chubby Blackwell, his compassion for the youth cannot be ignored. He dedicated his life to mentoring and teaching young people skills that could transform their future. Countless Trenton youth have memories of participating in sports leagues, golf lessons, and summer camps because of Chubby Blackwell. Chubby’s advocacy for children was effec-tive because he made it his business to know the whole family. For many, Chubby Blackwell was that consistent and strong life force that kept them on the straight and narrow. Chubby had a zero tolerance for foolishness; his love was not always friendly—sometimes tough— but always consistent. Today as we celebrate Chubby we cele-brate a life of service to others whose impact will be felt for generations because his com-mitment was purposeful and motivated by love. God Bless Chubby Blackwell and thank you to his beautiful family for having shared him with countless young people and indeed this entire community. I urge my colleagues to join me in remem-bering the life of Chubby Blackwell and send-ing our sincere condolences to his friends, family, and to the families he has helped over the years. May Chubby be blessed and rest in peace. f 
RECOGNIZING MAYOR PRO-TEM YVONNE JOHNSON 
HON. MARK WALKER 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 6, 2017 Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mayor Pro-Tem Yvonne Johnson, from Guilford County. I am honored to ac-knowledge Mrs. Johnson as she receives The Order of the Long Leaf Pine. Awarded for ex-emplary service to the community and the State of North Carolina that is considered above and beyond the call of duty, the Order of the Long Leaf Pine is among the most pres-tigious awards conferred by the Governor. Mrs. Johnson has continually worked to make a positive impact in North Carolina. The citi-zens of Greensboro, Guildford County, and the entire state of North Carolina are truly for-tunate to have Mrs. Johnson, an outstanding representative of our community and country. I join with her family, friends, and the Sixth District in thanking Mayor Pro-Tern Yvonne Johnson for her dedicated service to the city of Greensboro and the United States of Amer-ica. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TIMOTHY J. WALZ 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 6, 2017 Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I was absent for the votes on the Motion to Go To Conference on H.R. 1 (Roll Call No. 653) and the Motion to Instruct Conferees on H.R. 1 (Roll Call No. 654). Had I been present, I would have voted nay on Roll Call No. 653 and I would have voted yea on Roll Call No. 654. 
f 
REMEMBERING NEIL ETSON 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 6, 2017 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this opportunity to remember Neil Etson of Olney, Illinois, who passed away on De-cember 2, 2017, at the age of 93 surrounded by his family at the homestead he built fifty years ago. Neil dedicated his life to service to others, serving his country, his church, and his com-munity. In May the Rotary Club of Richland County presented Neil with the Quilt of Valor for his service during World War II, where he served honorably as a Staff Sergeant with the 766th Military Police Battalion. However, anyone who met him knows that Neil’s first and foremost priority was his family, especially Frances, his wife of 66 years, their three children, ten grandchildren, and two great grandchildren. The Olney community has lost a dedicated entrepreneur and community leader. Yet while we mourn his loss, we should remember that Neil Etson’s legacy lives on in his family and in the three children’s books that he authored based on a lifetime of stories shared with his family. f 
CONDEMNING ETHNIC CLEANSING OF ROHINGYA AND CALLING FOR AN END TO ATTACKS IN AND AN IMMEDIATE RESTORATION OF HUMANITARIAN ACCESS TO RAKHINE, BURMA 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, December 5, 2017 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my support of House Con-current Resolution 90 which condemns the at-tacks against civilians by Burma’s (also known as Myanmar) security services and calls on Burma’s Commander-in-Chief, Min Aung Hlaing, to end such attacks in the state of Rakhine. I share the sentiments of this Resolution that expresses appreciation for the govern-ment of Bangladesh for providing refuge to those fleeing violence. As the Resolution does, I, too, condemn the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army attacks, but also warn that these attacks do not justify the response that has resulted in severe human rights violations and atrocities against civilians. Rightfully so, the Resolution calls on Bur-ma’s government and military and security forces to: (1) implement the recommendations of the Advisory Commission on Rakhine State, and (2) allow humanitarian access to refugees and internally displaced persons. Further, the bill urges support and access for the United Nations Fact Finding Mission to Burma, and I strongly support that effort. The Resolution calls on Burma’s military and government to allow refugees to return to Burma and to change laws and policies that have contributed to insecurity in the state of Rakhine. And last but not least, the Resolution calls on the President to impose sanctions on those responsible for human rights abuses, including members of Burma’s military and security services. Over the past month, 436 thousand Rohingya have fled from their homes in Myanmar’s western Rakhine State to neigh-boring Bangladesh. This is the second exodus of Rohingya, members of a Muslim ethnic minority, in the past year. The current exodus, like the previous one in October 2016 that led 87 thousand to flee, is being driven by a brutal government crack-down following attacks by armed Rohingya. Despite calls from international rights groups for stronger action to stop the violence, there appears to be little appetite within the wider international community for more robust inter-vention. Permitting the current crisis to unfold, how-ever, eats away at its credibility and threatens peace and stability in Southeast Asia. On August 25, militants attacked 30 police posts and an army base in northern Rakhine 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K06DE8.004 E06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1664 December 6, 2017 
State, killing ten police officers, a soldier, and an immigration official. Following this attack, the government des-ignated the organization responsible, the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA), also known as Harakah al-Yaqin, a terrorist group. Security forces have responded with indis-criminate force against the Rohingya commu-nity. Shamefully, security forces have razed en-tire villages to the ground and have killed, tor-tured, and raped civilians. The United Nations has previously de-scribed the October 2016 violence against the Rohingya as ‘‘crimes against humanity,’’ and on September 11 the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights, Zeid Raad al-Hussein, re-ferred to the current situation as ‘‘a textbook example of ethnic cleansing.’’ The government of Myanmar (also known as Burma) has denied these accusations. Instead, Myint Swe—a former chief of mili-tary intelligence—said that ‘‘people from abroad have fabricated news claiming geno-cide.’’ I am all too familiar with the instance of a head of government denying his own shameful actions by blaming an imaginary fake news source. The Myanmar government insists it is only targeting ‘‘terrorists.’’ With hundreds of thousands of Rohingya fleeing, many of whom are women and chil-dren, the government’s claim rings false. The UN estimates that children make up about 60 percent of the Rohingya refugees in Bangladesh. Although Myanmar has refused to allow international fact-finding missions into the country, groups including the UN, Human Rights Watch, and Amnesty International, which interviewed Rohingya refugees in Ban-gladesh, have documented atrocities com-mitted by security forces. I am proud to be on the right side of history today, standing here in Congress, to speak out on my support for these human rights or-ganizations that fight against anti-democratic governments that would go as far as backing genocide. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF MRS. ANNIE JACKSON 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 6, 2017 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Mrs. Annie Jack-son of Fort Lauderdale, Florida, who passed away at the age of 99 on October 27, 2017. Mrs. Jackson was born in Waynesboro, Geor-gia and received her education in the Georgia State School system. She held a variety of jobs in her lifetime and retired from the Broward County School System, where she worked for over 29 years. At the age of fourteen, Mrs. Jackson’s spir-itual life began at the Third Chapel Church in Midville, Georgia. She later joined and contin-ued to serve at New Hope Baptist Church, until her health began to fail. Married to the late Mr. Jackson, Mrs. Jackson spent her time ministering to the needs of her church, family, and community. Mrs. Jackson led her family by example as a strong Christian loving mother, and endless server of her community. Fond memories of her will forever remain with her son Rayford Smith; her sisters Florence Smith and Mae Ju-lian Smith; four grand-children; three great grandchildren; two great-great grandchildren; a great-great grandniece; her caretaker and host of other relatives and friends. Mr. Speaker, Mrs. Annie Jackson will be re-membered by the many people she touched in her 99 years of life. She was truly a shining star of the Fort Lauderdale community. I am so grateful to honor her life and legacy. She will be missed tremendously. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. LARRY SPIKES 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 6, 2017 Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Mr. Larry Spikes for thirty five years of dedicated service to the constituents of Kings County. A Central Valley native, Larry Spikes at-tended California State University, Fresno, where he received his Bachelors of Science degree in Accounting in 1981 and later re-ceived his Master’s degree in Public Adminis-tration in 1992. He and his wife, Kristine, have been married for thirty five years and have three children, their son, Austin and twin daughters, Madison and Taylor. In 1981, Larry began his career at the County of Kings as an Accountant before transferring to the Administrative Office as Deputy County Administrative Officer (CAO) in 1986. He served in that capacity until Novem-ber 1993, when he was named County Admin-istrative Officer. In 1996, Mr. Spikes served on California Governor Peter Wilson’s Trial Court Funding Task Force on Court Employees and from 1997 to 2016, he served as the Representa-tive for the California State Association of Counties (CSAC) on the California Law En-forcement Telecommunications Advisory Com-mittee. Additionally, Larry served as the President of the County Administrative Officer’s Associa-tion of California from October 2002 to Octo-ber 2003. In 2008, he was appointed as a board member for the California State Asso-ciation of Counties Finance Corporation where he served until 2015. He was elected to a CAO’s position on the County Medical Serv-ices Program Governing Board in 2012. Today, Mr. Spikes is currently serving on the Court Facilities Advisory Committee for Cali-fornia Supreme Court Chief Justice Tani Cantil Sakauye. Outside of work, Mr. Spikes is a long-time member of the Rotary Club of Hanford and serves on the board of the Disabled American Veteran’s Charities of Central California. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in commending Mr. Larry Spikes on his retirement, for his service to the people of Kings County and wishing him well as he em-barks on the next chapter of his life. HONORING DAVID WEINSOFF HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 6, 2017 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of David Weinsoff for his 12 years of dedicated service as a member and Mayor of the Fairfax Town Council. After graduating from University of New York at Binghamton with a bachelor’s degree in History, Mr. Weinsoff pursued a Juris Doc-tor at the University of Bridgeport School of Law (now Quinnipiac College School of Law). Mr. Weinsoff has since built a distinguished legal career prosecuting citizen suits under the federal Clean Water Act, the California Coast-al Act, and local government laws rep-resenting the government and nonprofit agen-cies. In the mid-nineties Mr. Weinsoff relocated from San Francisco to Fairfax, California, with his wife and young child. In addition to build-ing his private practice, Mr. Weinsoff deep-ened his commitment to public service and the environment through volunteer roles on the Town of Fairfax Planning Commission, Marin Municipal Water District’s Watershed Citizens Advisory Committee, and as a founding mem-ber of the Fairfax Open Space Committee, among others. And, after retiring from seven years on the Marin Conversation League Board, he continued to support the organiza-tion as its legal counsel. Mr. Weinsoff was elected to Fairfax Town Council in 2005. Over the course of his 12- year tenure, he would serve two terms as mayor and vice mayor, as well as on a wide array of community boards and organizations, including the Marin County Flood Zone 9 Advi-sory Board, the Ross Valley Fire Department Board, and the Measure ‘‘A’’ Committee. Known for his active leadership, the strength of his convictions and his commitment to pub-lic service, David’s enduring contributions to Fairfax and to Marin County will be felt for years to come. Mr. Speaker, David Weinsoff’s service has left many lasting and positive impacts on his community, and I am certain he will continue his public service in a variety of ways in the days ahead. It is therefore fitting and appro-priate that we honor him on the occasion of his final town council meeting, and extend to him our appreciation for his past—and fu-ture—civic engagement. 
f 
VILLAGE OF MAMARONECK VOLUNTEER FIRE DEPARTMENT 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 6, 2017 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, We are fortunate in New York’s 16th Congressional District to have some of the finest first-responders any-where in the country. Nowhere is that more apparent than in the Village of Mamaroneck, where the Village Volunteer Fire Department has provided its citizens with courageous fire protection for 129 years. The Village of Mamaroneck Volunteer Fire department is comprised of a highly skilled 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06DE8.009 E06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1665 December 6, 2017 
dedicated team committed to providing the highest level of safety, protection of life, prop-erty and the environment to those who live, work or play in our community. The five fire companies that comprise the department: Hook & Ladder Co., No. 1, Mamaro Engine & Hose Co. No. 1, Columbia Engine & Hose Co. No. 2, Volunteers Engine & Hose Co. No. 3, and Halstead Manor Engine & Hose Co. No. 4 operate out of four fire stations with over 200 volunteers. The Mamaroneck Fire Depart-ment operates with five Engines, two Aerial Trucks, two Utility Trucks, three Chiefs Vehi-cles, and one Fire Boat and responds to ap-proximately 800 fire emergencies a year. The Mamaroneck Fire Department has al-ways done an outstanding job keeping its citi-zens safe, and as a result The New Jewish Home, Sarah Neuman is honoring the depart-ment at their 25th Anniversary celebration. They have chosen to acknowledge an incred-ible partner in the community. I too would like to congratulate the Village of Mamaroneck Fire Department Day in recognition of the sig-nificant impact they have made and continue to make in the community, and as a partner with The New Jewish Home, Sarah Neuman in serving the elders of our community. 
f 
ADVANCING HUMAN RIGHT TO COMBAT EXTREMISM 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 6, 2017 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, today I held a hearing on advancing human rights to counter extremism. Today’s hearing explored ways to combat violent extremism by advancing fundamental human rights—in par-ticular, freedom of religion. Advancing freedom of religion, both as an end in of itself and as means to achieve peace, stability and human flourishing, should be a core objective of U.S. foreign policy. Religious liberty is opposed, however, by extremists who seek to impose their vision of an ideal society upon all. Oftentimes, the ‘‘choice’’ they give to those who seek to ad-here to the beliefs they were raised in boils down to convert or die. This clash manifests itself in numerous parts of the world, in varying degrees of intensity, but is particularly acute in certain Muslim- dominated regions, where groups such as ISIS, al-Nusra, Boko Haram and al-Shabaab seek to bring all under their sway. To personalize this, let me tell you about a victim of Boko Haram that I have gotten to know. On a trip to Nigeria, at an IDP camp in Jos, I met Habila Adamu. Dragged from his home by Boko Haram ter-rorists, he was ordered to renounce his faith. With an AK–47 pressed to his face, he was asked ‘‘are you ready to die as a Christian.’’ With amazing courage Habila answered, ‘‘yes, I am ready to die as a Christian.’’ He was asked a second time and he re-peated his answer—‘‘yes I am ready to die as a Christian.’’ This time, the terrorist pulled the trigger. A bullet ripped through Habila’s face. He crum-pled to the ground, left for dead. By some miracle, he survived. I asked Habila to come to Washington, D.C. to tell his story. At a Congressional hearing I chaired, Habila told my committee—‘‘I am alive because God wants you to have this message—knowing Christ’’ is so much ‘‘deep-er’’ than merely knowing Boko Haram’s story of hate and intolerance. He closed his testimony with this—‘‘do ev-erything you can to end this ruthless religious persecution. . . but know Christ first’’ It should be stressed that extremist groups such as Boko Haram coerce and oppress not only members of other faiths, but also and in particular members of the Muslim faith whose interpretation of Islam differs from that of the extremists. They also target converts, whose consciences lead them to choose a different path. To combat these extremists, the ideological battlefield is just as important as the territorial one. By emphasizing human rights principles, we counter extremist messaging, support moderate voices and promote the popular as-pirations of people around the world who sim-ply want to live in peace and freedom. Last year, an important weapon in the fight against extremism was passed by Congress and signed into law: The Frank Wolf Inter-national Religious Freedom Act. This law pro-vides tools and resources to our State Depart-ment to integrate religious freedom into our di-plomacy the world over in order to counter vio-lent extremism abroad. In building upon the landmark International Religious Freedom Act of 1998, this law ad-dresses the changed circumstances in the world since 1998 by designating non-state ex-tremist groups such as Boko Haram and ISIS as ‘‘violent non-state actors,’’ making it easier to ostracize and apply financial sanctions against their members, thereby helping starve extremists of resources. The law strengthens the ability to investigate and monitor religious persecution, creating a ‘‘Designated Persons List’’ of violators while also setting up a database of those detained, imprisoned and tortured for their faith, so that the victims are not forgotten, but rather can be more readily advocated for. Indeed, the Frank Wolf Act elevates the Ambassador-at-Large for International Religious Freedom, thereby enhancing the ability to advocate on behalf of victims of religious persecution. Finally, the Act requires that our Foreign Service Officers undergo training in religious liberty, so that they are able to integrate this important tool into their daily work. Before we move on to my colleagues’ re-marks, I would like to thank my friend and col-league, Congressman F
RANCIS ROONEY , the former United States ambassador to the Holy See, for his interest in this subject Today’s hearing was brought about in large part due to his persistent interest in these themes, and I want to thank him for joining our sub-committee for this hearing today. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF MRS. NEZZIE MARION 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 6, 2017 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy Mrs. Nezzie O. Mar-ion of Fort Lauderdale, Florida, who passed away at the age of 102 on October 14, 2017. Born on May 15, 1915 to Mr. & Mrs. Allanza and Katie Oglesby, Mrs. Marion was Georgia- born and raised. Married to the late Mr. Willie Preston Marion in 1937, the young couple moved to Fort Lau-derdale in 1940. Mrs. Marion’s spiritual life began at a young age. She was a faithful member of the New Mount Olive Baptist Church for 77 years, where she served on the Usher Board and the Pulpit Aide Ministry. Mrs. Marion led her family by example as a strong Christian loving mother, embodying what it means to be a true servant to her com-munity. Fond memories of her will forever re-main with her four children: Willie Marion, Polly Harden, Lonzie Marion, and Beverly Hardemon; two sisters: Mary Caldwell and Annie Wallace; eleven grandchildren, nineteen great grandchildren, and eight great-great grandchildren, along with a host of nieces, nephews, cousins, and other loved ones. Mr. Speaker, Mrs. Nezzie O. Marion will be remembered by the many people she touched in her 102 years of life. She was truly a bless-ing to the Fort Lauderdale community. I am so pleased to honor her life and legacy. She will be dearly missed. f 
ENHANCING VETERAN CARE ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, December 5, 2017 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of S. 1266, the Enhancing Vet-eran Care Act. I support this legislation because it would establish in the Department of Veterans Affairs the capacity to conduct independent analysis of the healthcare services provided by the VA to our nation’s veterans. The Enhancing Veteran Care Act would au-thorize the Secretary to contract with nonprofit private healthcare auditors and investigators to investigate a VA Medical Center and to then, assess and report deficiencies found at the medical center. This bill will not vacate the authority of the Inspector General or the Government Ac-countability Office from conducting investiga-tions of VA medical facilities. Mr. Speaker, the reason this important legis-lation is needed is illustrated by the tragic and heart breaking cases of thousands of veterans who were left waiting for care for serious med-ical conditions. The debt that we owe to our nation’s vet-erans is immeasurable. Their sacrifices, and those of their families, are freedom’s founda-tion. Without the brave efforts of all the soldiers, sailors, airmen, marines and Coast Guards-men and women and their families, our coun-try would not live so freely. In the State of Texas we have 1,099,141 Veterans under the age of 65 and 590,618 who are over the age of 65. There are over 1,689,759 veterans living in our state. The 18th Congressional District has 20,607 under age 65 and 9,844 Veterans over the age of 65. Nationwide more than 9 million veterans and their families enrolled in the VA health care system in 2014, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06DE8.013 E06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1666 December 6, 2017 
In the city of Houston, the Michael E. Debakey Veterans Hospital Center, serves the health care needs of thousands of veterans and their families. The Debakey Veterans Hospital Center pro-vides support to veterans and their families who are amputees, cancer, spinal cord inju-ries, traumatic brain injury, and have visual im-pairments. The Medical center provides family support services through its Fisher House that pro-vides living suites at no cost to family mem-bers of hospitalized Veterans and military members. The devotion and dedication of family mem-bers who provide care to our nation’s wound-ed warriors should not be forgotten. Last month was National Caregivers Month to show our caregivers how grateful we are for them. Today, 5.5 million spouses, parents, chil-dren, and other loved ones care for our wounded warriors and 15 percent of care-givers spend 40+ hours a week providing care for our military families. The wounds of war and the recovery proc-ess may be long in healing, which is why it is important that as members of Congress we provide them with the best healthcare treat-ment possible. I urge all Members to join me in voting to pass S. 1266. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, De-cember 7, 2017 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
DECEMBER 12 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Communications, Tech-nology, Innovation, and the Internet To hold hearings to examine digital deci-sion-making, focusing on the building blocks of machine learning and artifi-cial intelligence. SR–253 Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold an oversight hearing to examine the permitting processes at the Depart-ment of the Interior and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for en-ergy and resource infrastructure projects and opportunities to improve the efficiency, transparency, and ac-countability of federal decisions for such projects. SD–366 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine the cost of prescription drugs, focusing on an ex-amination of the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine report ‘‘Making Medicines Affordable: A National Imperative’’. SD–430 Committee on the Judiciary To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Ensuring Patient Access and Effec-tive Drug Enforcement Act. SD–226 2 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Africa and Global Health Policy To hold hearings to examine the future of Zimbabwe. SD–419 2:30 p.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard To hold hearings to examine national ocean policy, focusing on stakeholder perspectives. SR–253 DECEMBER 13 Time to be announced Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Business meeting to consider the nomi-nations of Kenneth L. Marcus, of Vir-ginia, to be Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, and Johnny Collett, of Kentucky, to be Assistant Secretary for Special Education and Rehabilita-tive Services, both of the Department of Education, Scott A. Mugno, of Penn-sylvania, to be an Assistant Secretary, and William Beach, of Kansas, to be Commissioner of Labor Statistics, both of the Department of Labor, and other pending nominations. TBA 9:30 a.m. Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry To hold hearings to examine safe-guarding American agriculture in a globalized world. SR–328A Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine using force, focusing on strategic, political, and legal considerations. SD–419 10 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities To receive a closed briefing on Depart-ment of Defense global counterter-rorism operations. SVC–217 Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Personnel To hold hearings to examine an update on research, diagnosis, and treatment for traumatic brain injury/concussion in servicemembers. SR–222 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Business meeting to consider pending calendar business. SH–216 Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. SD–406 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine implemen-tation of the 21st Century Cures Act, focusing on responding to mental health needs. SD–430 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Elizabeth L. Branch, of Geor-gia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit, R. Stan Baker, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Georgia, Charles Barnes Goodwin, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Oklahoma, Mat-thew J. Kacsmaryk, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Texas, Matthew Spencer Pe-tersen, of Virginia, to be United States District Judge for the District of Co-lumbia, and Eli Jeremy Richardson, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Tennessee. SD–226 2:30 p.m. Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Antitrust, Competition Policy and Consumer Rights To hold hearings to examine the con-sumer welfare standard in antitrust. SD–226 DECEMBER 14 10 a.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Margaret Weichert, of Georgia, to be Deputy Director for Management, Office of Management and Budget, and John Edward Dupuy, of Virginia, to be Inspector General, Office of Personnel Management. SD–342 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06DE8.016 E06DEPT1
D1287 Wednesday, December 6, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S7859–S7896 Measures Introduced: Nine bills and one resolu-tion were introduced, as follows: S. 2195–2203, and S. Res. 349.
                                                                  Page S7891 
Measures Reported: Special Report entitled ‘‘America’s Aging Work-force: Opportunities and Challenges’’. (S. Rept. No. 115–191)
                                                                       Page S7891 
House Messages: Tax Cuts and Jobs Act: By 51 yeas to 47 nays (Vote No. 306), Senate insisted on its amendment to H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to ti-tles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018, agreed to the requested conference with the House thereon, and the Chair was authorized to appoint conferees on the part of the Senate, after taking action on the following mo-tions to instruct conferees proposed thereto: 
                                                                  Pages S7859–7879, S7891 
Adopted: Rubio Motion to Instruct Conferees to insist that any conference report shall increase the refundable per-child tax credit to no less than $2,000 and that the credit be expanded to benefit more low-wage parents.
                                                                   Pages S7880–81 
Rejected: By 48 yeas to 50 nays (Vote No. 307), King Mo-tion to Instruct Conferees to insist that the final conference report not increase the Federal budget deficit for the period of fiscal years 2018 through 2027.
                                                                        Pages S7878–79 
By 44 yeas to 54 nays (Vote No. 308), Stabenow Motion to Instruct Conferees to insist that the final conference report includes a provision causing the corporate tax rate to revert to 35 percent in the event that real average household wages do not in-crease by at least $4,000 by 2020 as a result of the enactment of the bill.
                                              Page S7879 
By 47 yeas to 51 nays (Vote No. 309), Booker Motion to Instruct Conferees to insist that the final conference report does not contain any provisions that would increase the number of individuals who do not have health insurance or increase health in-surance premiums.                                            Pages S7880–81 
Urban Indian Health Parity Act—Referral Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that the Committee on Indian Af-fairs be discharged from further consideration of S. 2146, to extend the full Federal medical assistance percentage to urban Indian organizations, and the bill then be referred to the Committee on Finance. 
                                                                                            Page S7895 
Bodine Nomination—Agreement: A unanimous- consent-time agreement was reached providing that at a time to be determined by the Majority Leader, in consultation with the Democratic Leader, Senate begin consideration of the nomination of Susan Parker Bodine, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Protection Agency; that there be 30 minutes of debate on the nomina-tion, equally divided in the usual form, and that fol-lowing the use or yielding back of time, Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination, with no inter-vening action or debate.
                                         Page S7895 
Balash Nomination—Agreement: A unanimous- consent agreement was reached providing that at 11:45 a.m., on Thursday, December 7, 2017, Senate begin consideration of the nomination of Joseph Balash, of Alaska, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Interior, as under the order of Tuesday, December 5, 2017.
                                                                        Pages S7895–96 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S7891 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S7891 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S7891 
Measures Read the First Time:                      Page S7891 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S7891 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S7891–92 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S7892–95 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S7890–91 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S7895 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S7895 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06DE7.REC D06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1288 December 6, 2017 
Record Votes: Four record votes were taken today. (Total—309)
                                           Pages S7878–79, S7881 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:46 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Thursday, December 7, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S7896.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
NOMINATION Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-mittee concluded a hearing to examine the nomina-tion of R. D. James, of Missouri, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Army, Department of Defense, after the nominee testified and answered questions in his own behalf. SUPERFUND AND WASTE CLEANUP FOLLOWING NATURAL DISASTERS Committee on Environment and Public Works: Sub-committee on Superfund, Waste Management, and Regulatory Oversight concluded a hearing to exam-ine challenges facing Superfund and waste cleanup efforts following natural disasters, after receiving tes-timony from Bryan W. Shaw, Texas Commission on Environmental Quality Chairman, Austin; Matthew Rodriquez, California Environmental Protection Agency Secretary, Sacramento; and Tracy Hester, University of Houston Law Center, Houston, Texas. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Foreign Relations: On Tuesday, December 5, 2017, Committee ordered favorably reported the following business items: S. 1118, to reauthorize the North Korea Human Rights Act of 2004, with an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute; S. 1901, to require global economic and political pressure to support diplomatic denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula, including through the imposi-tion of sanctions with respect to the Government of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea and any enablers of the activities of that Government, and to reauthorize the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute; S. 447, to require reporting on acts of certain for-eign countries on Holocaust era assets and related issues, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute; S. Res. 150, recognizing threats to freedom of the press and expression around the world and reaffirm-ing freedom of the press as a priority in efforts of the United States Government to promote democ-racy and good governance; S. Res. 139, condemning the Government of Iran’s state-sponsored persecution of its Baha’i mi-nority and its continued violation of the Inter-national Covenants on Human Rights, with amend-ments; and The nominations of Eric M. Ueland, of Oregon, to be an Under Secretary (Management), James Ran-dolph Evans, of Georgia, to be Ambassador to Lux-embourg, Kenneth J. Braithwaite, of Pennsylvania, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Norway, M. Lee McClenny, of Washington, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Paraguay, Christopher Ashley Ford, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary (Inter-national Security and Non-Proliferation), and Yleem D. S. Poblete, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Sec-retary (Verification and Compliance), all of the De-partment of State, and Brock D. Bierman, of Vir-ginia, to be an Assistant Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development. COUNTERING TERRORISM IN NORTH AFRICA Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on Near East, South Asia, Central Asia, and Counterterrorism concluded a hearing to examine beyond ISIS, focus-ing on countering terrorism, radicalization, and pro-moting stability in North Africa, after receiving tes-timony from Nathan A. Sales, Ambassador-At-Large and Coordinator for Counterterrorism, Bureau of Counterterrorism, and Joan Polaschik, Deputy As-sistant Secretary, both of the Department of State. DEFENDING THE HOMELAND AGAINST THE EVOLVING TERRORIST THREAT Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine adapting to defend the Homeland against the evolv-ing international terrorist threat, after receiving tes-timony from Mark E. Mitchell, Acting Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations/Low-In-tensity Conflict; Lora Shiao, Acting Director of In-telligence, National Counterterrorism Center, Office of the Director of National Intelligence; Nikki Floris, Deputy Assistant Director of Counterter-rorism, Federal Bureau of Investigation, Department of Justice; and Robin Taylor, Acting Deputy Under Secretary for Intelligence Operations, Office of Intel-ligence and Analysis, Department of Homeland Se-curity. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee ordered favor-ably reported S. 1870, to amend the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 to secure urgent resources vital to Indian victims of crime. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:46 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06DE7.REC D06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1289 December 6, 2017 
INDIAN AFFAIRS LEGISLATION Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine S. 664, to approve the settlement of the water rights claims of the Navajo in Utah, to authorize construction of projects in connection therewith, and S. 1770, to approve the settlement of water rights claims of the Hualapai Tribe and cer-tain allottees in the State of Arizona, to authorize construction of a water project relating to those water rights claims, after receiving testimony from Alan Mikkelsen, Deputy Commissioner, Bureau of Reclamation, and Chair, Working Group on Indian Water Settlements, Department of the Interior; Utah Lieutenant Governor Spencer Cox, Salt Lake City; Thomas Buschatzke, Arizona Department of Water Resources Director, Phoenix; Russell Begaye, The Navajo Nation, Window Rock, Arizona; and Damon Clarke, Hualapai Tribe, Peach Springs, Arizona. FIREARM ACCESSORY REGULATION AND ENFORCING REPORTING TO NICS Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine firearm accessory regulation and enforcing Federal and state reporting to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS), including S. 2135, to enforce current law regarding the National Instant Criminal Background Check System, and S. 1916, to prohibit the possession or transfer of certain firearm accessories, after receiving testimony from Senator Cortez Masto; Heather Wil-son, Secretary of the Air Force, and Glenn A. Fine, Acting Inspector General, both of the Department of Defense; Thomas E. Brandon, Acting Director, Bu-reau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, and Douglas E. Lindquist, Assistant Director, Crimi-nal Justice Information Services Division, Federal Bureau of Investigation, both of the Department of Justice; David W. Slayton, Texas Office of State Court Administration, Austin; J. Thomas Manger, Montgomery County Police Department, Gaithers-burg, Maryland, on behalf of the Major Cities Chiefs Association; Stephen P. Halbrook, The Independent Institute, Fairfax, Virginia; David B. Kopel, Inde-pendence Institute, Denver, Colorado; and Heather Gooze, Las Vegas, Nevada. AMERICA’S AGING WORKFORCE Special Committee on Aging: Committee concluded a hearing to examine America’s aging workforce, fo-cusing on opportunities and challenges, after receiv-ing testimony from Laurie McCann, AARP, Wash-ington, D.C.; Fernan R. Cepero, YMCA of Greater Rochester, Rochester, New York, on behalf of the Society for Human Resource Management; Ralph Jellison, Orland, Maine; and Lisa Motta, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 23 pub-lic bills, H.R. 4558–4580, were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H9708–09 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H9710 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: S. 140, to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund (H. Rept. 115–441); H.R. 1800, to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to transfer certain Federal land to facilitate scientific research supporting Federal space and defense pro-grams, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–442); H. Res. 647, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 477) to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to exempt from registration brokers performing services in connection with the transfer of ownership of smaller privately held companies; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3971) to amend the Truth in Lending Act and the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 to modify the requirements for community financial institu-tions with respect to certain rules relating to mort-gage loans, and for other purposes; and providing for consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 123) making further continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2018, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–443); H.R. 1148, to amend title XVIII of the Social Se-curity Act to expand access to telehealth-eligible stroke services under the Medicare program, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–444, Part 1); H.R. 3120, to amend title XVIII of the Social Se-curity Act to reduce the volume of future electronic health record-related significant hardship requests (H. Rept. 115–445, Part 1); H.R. 3263, to amend title XVIII of the Social Se-curity Act to extend the Medicare independence at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06DE7.REC D06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1290 December 6, 2017 
home medical practice demonstration program, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–446, Part 1); H.R. 3271, to amend title XVIII of the Social Se-curity Act in order to strengthen rules in case of competition for diabetic testing strips, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–447, Part 1); H.R. 3245, to amend title XI of the Social Secu-rity Act to increase civil money penalties and crimi-nal fines for Federal health care program fraud and abuse, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–448, Part 1); H.R. 2557, to amend title XVIII of the Social Se-curity Act to provide for coverage under the Medi-care program of certain DNA Specimen Provenance Assay clinical diagnostic laboratory tests, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–449, Part 1); and H.R. 4300, to authorize Pacific Historic Parks to establish a commemorative display to honor mem-bers of the United States Armed Forces who served in the Pacific Theater of World War II, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–450).
       Pages H9707–08 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Fortenberry to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H9667 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:38 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H9671 
Privileged Resolution—Intent to Offer: Rep-resentative Al Green (TX) announced his intent to offer a privileged resolution.
                                Page H9682 
Question of Privilege: Representative Al Green (TX) rose to a question of the privileges of the House and submitted a privileged resolution. Upon examination of the resolution, the Chair determined that the resolution qualified. Subsequently, the House agreed to the McCarthy motion to table H. Res. 646, impeaching Donald John Trump, Presi-dent of the United States, of high misdemeanors, by a yea-and-nay vote of 364 yeas to 58 nays with four answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 658.
        Pages H9682–83 
Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act of 2017: The House passed H.R. 38, to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide a means by which non-residents of a State whose residents may carry con-cealed firearms may also do so in the State, by a re-corded vote of 231 ayes to 198 noes, Roll No. 663. 
                                                                                Pages H9685–9703 
Rejected the Thompson (CA) motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary with in-structions to report the same back to the House forthwith with amendments, by a yea-and-nay vote of 190 yeas to 236 nays, Roll No. 662. 
                                                                                    Pages H9701–03 Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–45 shall be considered as adopted, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on the Judiciary now printed in the bill.
                     Page H9685 
H. Res. 645, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 38) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 232 ayes to 194 noes, Roll No. 660, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 236 yeas to 189 nays, Roll No. 659. 
                                                                Pages H9674–82, H9683–84 
Suspensions—Proceedings Resumed: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure. Consideration began Tuesday, December 5th. Enhancing Veteran Care Act: S. 1266, to author-ize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into contracts with nonprofit organizations to investigate medical centers of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 423 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 661; and 
                                                                                    Pages H9684–85 
Condemning ethnic cleansing of the Rohingya and calling for an end to the attacks in and an immediate restoration of humanitarian access to the state of Rakhine in Burma: H. Con. Res. 90, amended, condemning ethnic cleansing of the Rohingya and calling for an end to the attacks in and an immediate restoration of humanitarian access to the state of Rakhine in Burma, by a 
2⁄3yea-and- nay vote of 423 yeas to 3 nays, Roll No. 664; 
                                                                                    Pages H9703–04 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘Con-demning ethnic cleansing of the Rohingya and call-ing for an end to the violence in and an immediate restoration of humanitarian access to the state of Rakhine in Burma.’’.
                                               Page H9704 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Five yea-and-nay votes and two recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H9683, H9683–84, H9684, H9685, H9702, H9702, and H9704. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 5:04 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:46 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06DE7.REC D06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1291 December 6, 2017 
Committee Meetings 
WORKPLACE LEAVE POLICIES: OPPORTUNITIES AND CHALLENGES FOR EMPLOYERS AND WORKING FAMILIES Committee on Education and the Workforce: Sub-committee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pen-sions held a hearing entitled ‘‘Workplace Leave Poli-cies: Opportunities and Challenges for Employers and Working Families’’. Testimony was heard from Hans Riemer, President, Montgomery County Coun-cil, Maryland; and public witnesses. BUSINESS MEETING; MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Full Committee held a business meeting on subcommittee member-ship; and a markup on H.R. 453, the ‘‘Relief from New Source Performance Standards Act of 2017’’; H.R. 350, the ‘‘Recognizing the Protection of Mo-torsports Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1119, the ‘‘SENSE Act’’; H.R. 1733, to direct the Secretary of Energy to review and update a report on the energy and en-vironmental benefits of the re-refining of used lubri-cating oil; H.R. 1917, the ‘‘Blocking Regulatory In-terference from Closing Kilns Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2872, the ‘‘Promoting Hydropower Development at Existing Nonpowered Dams Act’’; and H.R. 2880, the ‘‘Promoting Closed-Loop Pumped Storage Hy-dropower Act’’. The committee resolution on sub-committee membership passed, without amendment. H.R. 453, H.R. 350, H.R. 1733, and H.R. 1917 were ordered reported, without amendment. H.R. 2872, H.R. 2880, and H.R. 1119 were ordered re-ported, as amended. SUSTAINABLE HOUSING FINANCE: PRIVATE SECTOR PERSPECTIVES ON HOUSING FINANCE REFORM, PART IV Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance held a hearing entitled ‘‘Sus-tainable Housing Finance: Private Sector Perspectives on Housing Finance Reform, Part IV’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. ADVANCING HUMAN RIGHTS TO COMBAT EXTREMISM Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Ad-vancing Human Rights to Combat Extremism’’. Tes-timony was heard from public witnesses. BREXIT: A NEGOTIATION UPDATE Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Eu-rope, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats held a hearing entitled ‘‘Brexit: A Negotiation Update’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. U.S. POLICY TOWARDS TIBET: ACCESS, RELIGIOUS FREEDOM, AND HUMAN RIGHTS Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific held a hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Policy Towards Tibet: Access, Religious Freedom, and Human Rights’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. LEGISLATIVE MEASURE Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans held a hearing on H.R. 4465, the ‘‘Endangered Fish Recovery Programs Ex-tension Act of 2017’’. Testimony was heard from Representative Curtis; Henry Maddux, Director, Re-covery Programs, Utah Department of Natural Re-sources; Andrew Colosimo, Government and Cor-porate Affairs Manager, Colorado Springs Utilities, Colorado; and a public witness. SMALL BUSINESS MERGERS, ACQUISITIONS, SALES, AND BROKERAGE SIMPLIFICATION ACT OF 2017; COMMUNITY INSTITUTION MORTGAGE RELIEF ACT OF 2017; FURTHER CONTINUING APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 477, the ‘‘Small Business Mergers, Acquisi-tions, Sales, and Brokerage Simplification Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3971, the ‘‘Community Institution Mortgage Relief Act of 2017’’; and H.J. Res. 123, the ‘‘Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2018’’. The Committee granted, by record vote of 8–4, a structured rule for H.R. 477. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Financial Services. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–43 shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule makes in order only the further amendment printed in part A of the Rules Committee report, if offered by the Member designated in the report, which shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the pro-ponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendment printed in part A of the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. In section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06DE7.REC D06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1292 December 6, 2017 
2, the rule provides for consideration of H.R. 3971 under a structured rule. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Financial Services. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–44 shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule makes in order only the further amendment printed in part B of the Rules Committee report, if offered by the Member des-ignated in the report, which shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the pro-ponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendment printed in part B of the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. In section 3, the rule provides for consideration of H.J. Res. 123 under a closed rule. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the joint resolution. The rule provides that the joint resolution shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the joint resolution. The rule provides one motion to recommit. Testimony was heard from Chairman Hensarling and Representative Maxine Waters of California. FROM LAB TO MARKET: A REVIEW OF NSF INNOVATION CORPS Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-committee on Research and Technology held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘From Lab to Market: A Review of NSF Innovation Corps’’. Testimony was heard from Dawn Tilbury, Assistant Director, Directorate for Engineer-ing, National Science Foundation; and public wit-nesses. NASA’S NEXT FOUR LARGE TELESCOPES Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-committee on Space held a hearing entitled ‘‘NASA’s Next Four Large Telescopes’’. Testimony was heard from Thomas Zurbuchen, Associate Administrator, Science Mission Directorate, National Aeronautics and Space Administration; Cristina Chaplain, Direc-tor, Acquisition and Sourcing Management, Govern-ment Accountability Office; and public witnesses. Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, DECEMBER 7, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine Department of Defense acquisition reform efforts, 10 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Finance: business meeting to consider the nomination of Kevin K. McAleenan, of Hawaii, to be Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Security, 2 p.m., SD–215. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to hold hearings to examine implementation of the 21st Century Cures Act, focusing on progress and the path forward for medical innovation, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider the nominations of Leonard Steven Grasz, of Nebraska, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit, James C. Ho, of Texas, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit, Don R. Willett, of Texas, to be a Circuit Judge, United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit, Terry A. Doughty, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Western District of Louisiana, Terry Fitzgerald Moorer, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Alabama, Mark Saalfield Norris, Sr., to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Tennessee, Claria Horn Boom, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern and Western Dis-tricts of Kentucky, John W. Broomes, to be United States District Judge for the District of Kansas, Rebecca Grady Jennings, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Kentucky, and Robert Earl Wier, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern Dis-trict of Kentucky, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing on certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-vironment, hearing entitled ‘‘The Mission of the U.S. En-vironmental Protection Agency’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Over-sight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Office of Financial Research’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit, hearing entitled ‘‘Legislative Proposals for a More Efficient Federal Financial Regulatory Regime: Part II’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Counterterrorism Efforts in Africa’’, 9:30 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Emer-gency Preparedness, Response, and Communications, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06DE7.REC D06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1293 December 6, 2017 hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Department of Home-land Security’s Efforts to Counter Weapons of Mass De-struction’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on House Administration, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Preventing Sexual Harassment in the Congressional Workplace: Examining Reforms to the Congressional Accountability Act’’, 10 a.m., 1310 Long-worth. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, hearing en-titled ‘‘Oversight of the Federal Bureau of Investigation’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Over-sight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Transforming the Department of the Interior for the 21st Century’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing on H.R. 805, the ‘‘Tulare Youth Recreation and Women’s History En-hancement Act’’; H.R. 1349, to amend the Wilderness Act to ensure that the use of bicycles, wheelchairs, stroll-ers, and game carts is not prohibited in Wilderness Areas, and for other purposes; H.R. 3371, the ‘‘Modoc County Land Transfer and Economic Development Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 3961, the ‘‘Kissimmee River Wild and Scenic River Study Act of 2017’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub- committee on Information Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of IT and Cybersecurity at the Department of Veterans Affairs’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘New Names, Same Problems: The VA Medical Surgical Prime Vendor Program’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06DE7.REC D06DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1294 December 6, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Thursday, December 7 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: After the transaction of any morning business (not to extend beyond 11 a.m.), Senator Strange will be recognized for up to 30 minutes. At 11:45 a.m., Senate will begin consideration of the nomination of Joseph Balash, of Alaska, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of the Interior, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at approximately 12:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Thursday, December 7 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Consideration of H.J. Res. 123—Continuing Appropriations Act, 2018 (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of H.R. 3971—Community Institu-tion Mortgage Relief Act of 2017 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Duffy, Sean, P., Wisc., E1661 Engel, Eliot L., N.Y., E1661, E1664 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E1664, E1665 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E1664 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1663, E1665 Lawrence, Brenda L., Mich., E1662 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E1661 Lujan Grisham, Michelle, N.M., E1662 Shimkus, John, Ill., E1663 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E1665 Valadao, David G., Calif., E1664 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E1662 Walker, Mark, N.C., E1663 Walz, Timothy J., Minn., E1661, E1662, E1663 Watson Coleman, Bonnie, N.J., E1663 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Dec 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D06DE7.REC D06DEPT1