Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, Los Angeles has lost a great leader, a champion for accessible, affordable housing and a true community visionary: David Surmier Cunningham, Jr. Dave Cunningham made major contributions to our city, including serving on the Los Angeles City Council with distinction, honor and dignity from 1973 to 1986, succeeding Tom Bradley when he became Mayor. Dave Cunningham and Tom Bradley would remain close allies throughout their lives. Among the first African American elected leaders in the city, Mr. Cunningham represented a district that included Koreatown, the Latino neighborhood of PicoUnion, the heavily Jewish district of Fairfax, and the majority African American community of West Adams. I was proud to be a constituent, and later to represent many of the same diverse communities that he served. Mr. Cunningham had a remarkable and widely varied career. He served in the U.S. Air Force as a cartographer until 1960, the same year he says he was bitten by the political bug, when he attended the historic Democratic National Convention in Los Angeles and saw John Kennedy win the nomination for president. He earned a Bachelor’s degree in economics and political science at the University of California, Riverside in 1962, and then was selected for a Coro Foundation Public Affairs internship with Assemblyman Charles Warren. The next year he moved to the private sector and spent three years in Lagos, Nigeria as West Africa regional manager for the Dukane Corporation. On return to the U.S., he managed community relations for Hughes Aircraft for a year before forming a government consulting partnership in 1968 that would be his focus for the next five years, along with earning a Master’s degree in Urban Studies from Occidental College. In 1973 he won the responsibility of representing Los Angeles’ 10th City Council District. As a City Councilmember, Mr. Cunningham took on pressing issues from opposing drilling in Santa Monica Bay to leading a campaign to divest the city’s holdings in apartheidera South Africa. He is perhaps best known for his fierce advocacy for improving the education of African American students in the Los Angeles Unified School District, and for pioneering policies that significantly increased affordable housing in the city, including for seniors and citizens returning after incarceration. He chaired the committee focused on housing and community development, and he called on federal housing officials to put thousands of boardedup homes owned by the government back into use. He also used his committee role to encourage minority hiring at investment banks that sought work with the city. In the early 1980s, he was a key ally in Councilman Zev Yaroslavsky’s crusade to shut down the Los Angeles Police Department’s infamous Public Disorder Intelligence Division, which kept files on civil rights organizations and other activist and civic groups. After his city council service, he continued his housing focus, both in the private sector as an investment banker, and through a leadership position with the Community Housing Equity Corporation. Mr. Cunningham cultivated strong relationships with constituents, in particular asking his Chief of Staff MAXINE  WATERS and aide Geneva Cox to work with the women of the district to develop leadership skills and harness the considerable energy and creativity of those women to improve the lives of people living in the district. The 10th Council District Women’s Steering Committee continues its service to this day. In 1988 he formed the government relations consulting firm, Dave Cunningham and Associates, that would be his focus for the next three decades, serving clients from small entrepreneurs and giant corporations like Hertz. His devotion to service later in his life included his role as state president of the Black American Public Affairs Committee (BAPAC), continuing his advocacy for equity, civil rights, economic development and community empowerment. A man for all seasons, Mr. Cunningham was an accomplished jazz musician who played bass in a band, and he even appeared in a Chris Rock movie. My thoughts are with Mr. Cunningham’s son, my friend Judge David S. Cunningham, III, and the rest of his loving family and friends. To those of us who were fortunate enough to cross Dave’s path, he offered guidance, wisdom and insight. He will be sorely missed. 
Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize KieuChinh, a legendary VietnameseAmerican actress and a philanthropist, who has contributed six decades of her life to the motion picture industry worldwide, including Vietnam, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, China, India, Australia, Canada, and Hollywood. KieuChinh was born in 1937 in Hanoi, North Vietnam. She moved to the South Vietnam as a refugee in her own motherland at the age of 17, and started her acting career at the age of 19. Since then, she has appeared in over 100 movies and television shows including ‘‘M.A.S.H’’ and ‘‘The Joy Luck Club.’’ Throughout her acting career, she has received numerous accolades and awards: Best Actress Award of South Vietnam—Arts and Cinema Prize (1969), Best Leading Actress at the Asian Film Festival in Taipei (1973), Emmy Award for her documentary—‘‘Kieu Chinh: A Journey Home’’ produced by FOX Television (1996), Special Acting Award at the Cinema Delle Donne Film Festival in Italy (2003), and Lifetime Achievement Awards at the Vietnamese International Film Festival (2003), at the San Diego Film Festival (2006) and at the San Francisco Movie FestivalFestival of Globe (2015). In addition to her acting success, she was honored as ‘‘Refugee of the Year’’ by the United States Congress in 1990 and was invited to be the first Vietnamese woman to speak at the 10th Anniversary of the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Wall Groundbreaking Anniversary in Washington, D.C. in 1992. In 1993, together with Lewis Puller—an American veteran and Terry Anderson—a journalist, KieuChinh cofounded the Vietnam Children’s Fund (VCF). Since its establishment, the VCF has built 51 schools in Vietnam to provide safe and highquality education for more than 30,000 students annually. In the same year, she became a lecturer for the Greater Talent Network, Inc. in New York and has made multiple appearances at different conventions, academic conferences, and universities around the country for over two decades. On the 60th Anniversary of KieuChinh Cinema, Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize KieuChinh and her invaluable contributions to the motion picture industry and the communities worldwide. f 
Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of one of the finest and most dedicated members of the Office of Emergency Management: Michael ‘‘Mike’’ Fisher of Bastrop, Texas. He was one of the most respected individuals in not only Bastrop County, but throughout our great state. For 11 years, Mike served as Deputy Director of Emergency Management for Bastrop County. He was considered a ‘‘man of vision and an innovator of Emergency Management.’’ He had an uncanny ability to foresee the future of disasters and stay ahead of the diverse emergencies in our state and Bastrop County. These skills enabled him to succeed on many levels within his position. Mike managed the emergency response for our local disasters, including the 2009 Wilderness Ridge Fire and the Hidden Pines Fire of October 2015, as well as coordinated the county’s response to the major flooding events we’ve experienced in more recent years. 
His leadership, knowledge, and dedication to the challenges he was given were so extensive that he was often sought out to help surrounding counties and jurisdictions. Mike was always looking to help others. To his friends and colleagues, Mike was known as a trusted counselor, a good listener, and a peacemaker. Yet, when he spoke, all listened. Above all, his most important accomplishment was his family. To Mike’s wife, Bonnie, his entire family, and the good people of Bastrop County, you have the gratitude of the nation and we join you in mourning the loss of this great public servant. 
Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize St. Paul’s Episcopal Church on its bicentennial, and to congratulate its clergy, staff, and members, as they celebrate this remarkable milestone. St. Paul’s was incorporated on November 17, 1817, in Waterloo, New York, and has ministered to the spiritual and physical needs of its surrounding community without ceasing in the twohundred years since. From its inception, St. Paul’s has practiced the traditional Christian values of inclusion, hospitality, caring for the poor and others who are struggling. St. Paul’s also strives to provide a welcoming environment for all individuals, regardless of where they are in their respective faith journeys. I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing St. Paul’s Episcopal Church as it celebrates two centuries of spiritual ministry and service to the community of Waterloo, New York. 
Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, on Wednesday, November 8, 2017, I requested and was granted a leave of absence for the rest of the week to visit the community of Sutherland Springs following the recent shooting. For the information of our colleagues and my constituents, below is how I would have voted on the following votes I missed during this time period. Had I been present, I would have voted: NAY on Roll Call 617, on rule providing for consideration of H.R. 2201, Micro Offering Safe Harbor Act; YEA on Roll Call 618, on passage of the Veterans Crisis Line Study Act of 2017; YEA on Roll Call 619, on the passage of the Rush Amendment; YEA on Roll Call 620, on passage of H.R. 3043, Hydropower Policy Modernization Act of 2017; YEA on Roll Call 621, on passage of Veterans Fair Debt Notice Act of 2016; and NAY on Roll Call 622, on passage of H.R. 2201, Micro Offering Safe Harbor Act. f 
Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, during my medical recovery, I missed the following roll call votes. Had I been present, I would have voted: October 31, 2017 Yea on Roll Call No. 591 November 1, 2017 No on Roll Call No. 592 No on Roll Call No. 593 Yea on Roll Call No. 594 Yea on Roll Call No. 595 Yea on Roll Call No. 596 Yea on Roll Call No. 597 No on Roll Call No. 598 Yea on Roll Call No. 599 November 2, 2017 No on Roll Call No. 600 No on Roll Call No. 601 No on Roll Call No. 602 No on Roll Call No. 603 Yea on Roll Call No. 604 November 3, 2017 Yea on Roll Call No. 605 No on Roll Call No. 606 November 6, 2017 Yea on Roll Call No. 607 Yea on Roll Call No. 608 Yea on Roll Call No. 609 November 7, 2017 No on Roll Call No. 610 No on Roll Call No. 611 Yea on Roll Call No. 612 Yea on Roll Call No. 613 No on Roll Call No. 614 November 8, 2017 No on Roll Call No. 616 No on Roll Call No. 617 Yea on Roll Call No. 618 Yea on Roll Call No. 619 No on Roll Call No. 620 Yea on Roll Call No. 621 November 9, 2017 No on Roll Call No. 622 November 13, 2017 Yea on Roll Call No. 623 Yea on Roll Call No. 624 Yea on Roll Call No. 625 November 14, 2017 No on Roll Call No. 626 No on Roll Call No. 627 Yea on Roll Call No. 628 Yea on Roll Call No. 629 No on Roll Call No. 630 No on Roll Call No. 631 November 15. 2017 No on Roll Call No. 632 No on Roll Call No. 633 Yea on Roll Call No. 634 Yea on Roll Call No. 635 Yea on Roll Call No. 636 November 16, 2017 No on Roll Call No. 637 HONORING VICTOR DE LOS SANTOS HON. J. LUIS CORREA 
Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take some time today to honor one of my constituents, Mr. Victor de los Santos, for his immense dedication to serving Santa Ana’s youth. Mr. Santos is a music educator who was first hired as the Santa Ana High School Band Director in 2007. In his time there, Mr. Santos has worked tirelessly to expand the breadth of the program as well as increase enrollment from 80 to 170 students. Mr. Santos has created a safe harbor for students who are from broken homes and high crime neighborhoods. He works to create a positive environment for his students and for some, he has been the only father figure they have known. Two years ago, he became foster father to a student who would have otherwise gone to a group home. Now that student has graduated from Santa Ana High School and is attending Santa Ana City College to one day become a teacher too. I am pleased to say that Mr. Santos has been nominated, along with 24 other semifinalists from across the country, for the Grammy Music Educator Award, which will be presented next year. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Santos is an example to us of the value of investing in education of the arts. I am honored to congratulate Mr. Santos for his nomination, and thank him for the positive impact he has made on the Santa Ana community. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor an exceptional member of the Scarsdale community, Miriam Steinberg, for her tireless dedication and selflessness to the Coachman Family Center Shelter. Miriam has donated over $50,000 worth of food and supplies for the homeless and deserves a great deal of recognition for her efforts. A lifetime resident of Scarsdale, Miriam is the President of Our Coupon Cares, a non profit committed to providing supplies to homeless shelters through clipping coupons. Miriam’s monthly visits to the shelter have led her to be one of the largest individual donors in the area. Each month, Miriam brings 15 grocery bags filled with cereal, snacks, juice, body wash, notebooks, board game and other supplies, totaling over 700 grocery bags since she became President. Currently, she is preparing for the Thanksgiving holiday and hopes to provide those with a memorable holiday. Miriam’s altruism is a model for others to look upon, Mr. Speaker, she has given so much back to her community and her efforts have been beyond exemplary. I want to congratulate Miriam on all she has done and thank her for her remarkable work. 
Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the distinguished career of Commander Pat Slack of the Snohomish Regional Drug & Gang Task Force, who will be retiring at the end of this year. Commander Slack is an army veteran who received the Bronze Star for his service in Vietnam. Following his service, he spent 25 years with the Snohomish County Sheriff’s office and five years as a Deputy Chief with the Everett Police Department. In 2000, he became the Commander of the Snohomish Regional Drug & Gang Task Force, which has become the largest of its kind in the state under his leadership. The task force targets drug trafficking organizations and street gangs involved in drug activity to reduce availability and trafficking of drugs in the state and county. This is with the ultimate goal of improving the quality of life in our communities. Commander Slack was instrumental in starting the drug take back program in Snohomish County and he has been a member of a number of national and local teams and organizations focused on drugs and public health. I would like to recognize Commander Slack for his excellent leadership and his commitment to fighting the opioid epidemic in my district. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF BRASHER WINTHROP VOLUNTEER FIREFIGHTER DAVID CARR 
Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of David Carr, a firefighter in the BrasherWinthrop Volunteer Fire Department who died in the line of duty on November 4, 2017. David dedicated his life to serving others. After joining the Winthrop Volunteer Fire Department in 1979, he became Fire Chief of the department and maintained an active membership after his department merged with the firefighters of Brasher. David was also a member of the TriTown Volunteer Rescue Squad for 17 years, and served as chief for four years. In 2016, he was recognized for responding to the most calls of any EMT in his department. David was known by his colleagues as a trusted mentor and dedicated volunteer to the Tri Town Community. I would like to offer my deepest condolences to David’s family and friends, particularly his wife, Lisa. David was an exemplary member of the community and his countless sacrifices made on behalf of the 21st District will not be forgotten. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF JOSEPHINE R. (ARENA) DRISCOLL 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Josephine R. (Arena) Driscoll, a resident of Rockland, Massachusetts, who is celebrating her 100th birthday. Josephine was born on November 27, 1917 to Harry L. and Rose (Galbo) Arena, who emigrated from Italy through Ellis Island. Growing up she was very active in her community as the captain of her drill and bowling teams and in the Holy Family Church in Rockland. In 1939 she won an award for her poem at the World’s Fair Anthology of Verse. Josephine also spent time traveling across the country and to Mexico with her parents. As a young woman Josephine worked in the Commonwealth Shoe Factory in Whitman. After the factory closed, Josephine, who did not have the opportunity to finish high school, went back and earned her degree. She then worked in the Electro Signal Lab in Rockland, the town where she lives to this day. In 1957 she married Charles A. Driscoll, a U.S. Navy veteran from World War II. Continuing her love for travel, she made many crosscountry road trips with her husband until he passed away in 1968. Josephine continued to be involved in her community and is a lifelong member of the Republican Town Committee. Today Josephine lives with her niece Rosemarie and her husband Edward, a veteran of the U.S. Navy. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Josephine R. Driscoll on this joyous occasion of her 100th birthday. I ask that my colleagues join me in wishing her many more years of health and happiness. f 
Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take some time today to honor the memory of First Lieutenant John H. Liekhus of Anaheim, for his immense dedication to serving our country. A member of Anaheim High’s 1934 graduating class, First Lt. Liekhus was a flyer with the 323rd Bombardment Squadron, the 91st Bombardment Group and Eighth Air Force. On November 2, 1944, First Lt. Liekhus and his crew were on a bombing mission to Merseburg, Germany when their plane was hit by a flak. When he realized his plane was going down, First Lt. Liekhus ordered his nine member crew to bail. Three survived and became prisoners of war, the navigator died, and First Lt. Liekhus and the others were declared missing in action. It was his great nephew, Dr. Michael Cushing, who led the search for answers about his great uncle’s plane crash. First Lt. Liekhus was 29 years old at the time of his death, but his body was not recovered to be returned home until 73 years after his death. Dr. Cushing, and First Lt. Liekhus’ last living sister, Trudy, were finally able to receive answers. First Lt. John H. Liekhus embodied the selflessness and courage of servicemembers. He paid the ultimate price by putting the lives of his crew before his own, and his efforts towards the mission to bomb Merseburg oil refineries were instrumental in ending Hitler’s reign. Mr. Speaker, First Lt. Liekhus is an example to us all of us of the incredible sacrifice of our servicemembers. I am honored to recognize First Lt. Liekhus for going above and beyond for American freedom and thank him for his service. 
The Senate met at 11:00:01 a.m. in pro forma session, and adjourned at 11:00:32 a.m. until 11 a.m., on Friday, November 24, 2017. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 4 public bills, H.R. 4454–4457, were introduced.
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 1699, to amend the Truth in Lending Act to modify the definitions of a mortgage originator and a highcost mortgage, to amend the Secure and Fair Enforcement for Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008 to modify the definition of a loan originator, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–416); H.R. 1735, to direct the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to issue guidance regarding implementation of certain buy outs or the acquisition of property for open space as a flood mitigation measure, and for other purposes, with amendments (H. Rept. 115–417); H.R. 3176, to prohibit the Federal Emergency Management Agency from recouping certain assistance, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–418); H.R. 1758, to amend the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 to modify provisions relating to brownfield remediation grants, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–419, Part 1); H.R. 3072, to increase from $10,000,000,000 to $50,000,000,000 the threshold figure at which regulated depository institutions are subject to direct examination and reporting requirements of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–420); H.R. 3469, to designate the bridge located in Blount County, Tennessee, on the Foothills Parkway (commonly known as ‘‘Bridge 2’’) as the ‘‘Dean Stone Bridge’’ (H. Rept. 115–421); and H.R. 3905, to require congressional approval of any mineral withdrawal or monument designation involving the National Forest System lands in the State of Minnesota, to provide for the renewal of certain mineral leases in such lands, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–422).
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Harris to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Scott W. Wilson, Capitol Hill Presbyterian Church, Washington, DC. 
World War I Centennial Commission—Appointment: Read a letter from Representative Pelosi, Minority Leader, in which she appointed Ms. Maria Zoe Dunning of San Francisco, California, after the resignation of Mr. Robert Dalessandro, to the World War I Centennial Commission.
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no yeaandnay votes, and there were no recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 11 a.m. and adjourned at 11:03 a.m. 
No joint committee meetings were held. COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 2017 (Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 11 a.m., Friday, November 24 
Program for Friday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9 a.m., Friday, November 24 
Program for Friday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 9 a.m. 
HOUSE Bass, Karen, Calif., E1593 Correa, J. Luis, Calif., E1593, E1594, E1595 Cuellar, Henry, Tex., E1594 Engel, Eliot L., N.Y., E1594 Keating, William R., Mass., E1595 Larsen, Rick, Wash., E1595 McCaul, Michael T., Tex., E1593 Pocan, Mark, Wisc., E1594 Reed, Tom, N.Y., E1594 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E1595 