Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, 3 years ago, the Obama administration took a very positive and important step towards curbing greenhouse gas emissions by initiating the Clean Power Plan, the first-ever national limit on carbon pollution from power plants. The plan was devised to give States the option to tailor how they would reduce carbon pollution, fol-lowing benchmarks set by the Federal Government. For years, States, local governments, businesses, and universities have been making progress towards a low-carbon future, both in anticipation of full im-plementation of the Clean Power Plan and spurred on by a variety of other forces. Now, the Trump administration has vowed to unravel the Clean Power Plan, but the momentum will not stop because of this reckless act. Donald Trump and Scott Pruitt can-not repeal engineering, science, or eco-nomics. Their attempts would only harm the economy and our citizens, miring us in the past to serve the in-terests of Big Coal. The case for action in reducing car-bon pollution is compelling. The Clean Power Plan encourages steps to reduce the dangerous extent of accelerating climate disruption and attendant ex-treme weather events. Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria are only the latest example of those events. Now, millions of acres in the West are exploding in wildfires. More frequent, more intense, and more dan-gerous forest fires are the reality now, spurred by climate disruption. Out-of-control wildfire has touched Oregon’s beloved Columbia River Gorge, and the latest instances are in California wine country, taking lives, destroying property, and damaging crops. Regardless of your view on climate change, the Clean Power Plan is a very important step for the United States. It stands on firm legal ground. The Su-preme Court has ruled on three sepa-rate occasions that the EPA has the authority and the responsibility to pro-tect our families from carbon pollu-tion. Cleaner energy and a cleaner envi-ronment under the Clean Power Plan would improve the lives of working Americans. By 2030, it would prevent 90,000 asthma attacks, 300,000 days missed from work and school, and 3,600 premature deaths every year. Instead of protecting human health, particularly those in communities most impacted by carbon pollution, Trump and Pruitt are seeking to tilt the energy playing field back in favor of Big Coal. Make no mistake: without subsidies and regulatory favoritism, most old, dirty, coal plants would have been shut down years ago if they had been re-quired to meet carbon pollution and air quality standards, as they should have been. Trump and Pruitt are making a big mistake when they assault the Clean Air Act and the Clean Power Plan. They are on weak legal ground, and they are on the wrong side of science, economics, the environment, and com-mon sense. The Clean Power Plan will not be easily unraveled. There is a process to unwind it, similar to what it took to put it in place. It will take a lot of hard work—and evidence that Pruitt doesn’t have—to repeal it and prevent the EPA from regulating carbon emis-sions. The plan has powerful allies. I am proud to stand with the environmental community, my fellow Democrats in Congress, many government and trade groups, citizens who care, and a num-ber of businesses. Mars is the latest company to announce that they are going to follow through on their carbon reduction plan. We will continue this fight for a low- carbon, healthier, more economical fu-ture. We will protect alternative en-ergy and honor the commitments we have made to the wind and solar indus-tries. We will continue to reduce emis-sions from our transportation sector by not rolling back fuel efficiency stand-ards. We will work with the agriculture sector, which makes up 9 percent of the total greenhouse gas emissions. A strong farm bill can reduce emissions and enhance productivity through low- carbon protections. Ultimately, Trump and Pruitt cannot repeal science, engineering, or econom-ics. I am proud to be part of this effort to ensure that the United States moves forward to exercise leadership in a low- carbon future to fight climate change and global weather disruption. 
f 
PROTECTING OUR SENIOR CITIZENS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask for my colleagues’ support for the Senior Citizen Protection Act, which I introduced along with my friend, Con-gressman B
RADSCHNEIDER . Seniors are valued members of our society, and we must do everything we can to ensure that they can live with dignity and without fear of being abused by those entrusted to care for them. This bipartisan bill seeks to achieve that goal by creating a national reg-istry for those convicted of elder abuse that will be accessible to senior care providers and families before they make a decision on whom they hire as a caregiver for their loved ones. This national database will bring together local and State registries in order to prevent abusers from continuing to in-flict suffering on senior citizens by simply relocating from one community to another. I urge my colleagues to join Mr. SCHNEIDER and me in support of this measure that will help ensure that our parents, grandparents, and loved ones are looked after by professional care-givers who will give them the treat-ment and respect they deserve. 
CARING FOR SENIORS DURING NATURAL  
DISASTERS  
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to cosponsor the Protecting Seniors During Disasters Act, which I introduced with my col-league, Congresswoman L
OISFRANKEL  of Florida. The horrific deaths of 14 seniors in a Florida nursing home facility in the aftermath of Hurricane Irma made it abundantly clear that more must be done to protect seniors during and after natural disasters. In times of emergency, many senior citizens find themselves disconnected from caregivers and without the treat-ments and resources that they so des-perately need. Our bill seeks to recon-nect seniors by requiring that Federal agencies assess how their emergency response efforts impact the elderly. It also calls for the implementation of standards to better protect and care for senior citizens and nursing home resi-dents across our Nation during and after emergency situations. This is a commonsense, bipartisan legislative initiative that aims to save the lives of many senior citizens and helps ensure that the tragedy that took place in south Florida will not happen again. I urge my colleagues to join us in support of this lifesaving measure. 
BUILDING A NATIONAL MUSEUM OF THE  
AMERICAN LATINO  
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, as we continue to celebrate Hispanic Her-itage Month and the many contribu-tions of our vibrant community throughout our country, I would like to bring attention to a bill that I have sponsored that would permanently showcase the history and stories of American Latinos. H.R. 2911, the National Museum of the American Latino Act, will estab-lish a world-class educational institu-tion on The National Mall for the mil-lions of visitors who come to our Na-tion’s capital every year eager to learn about American history. Latinos have served our great coun-try in every war dating back to before the Revolutionary War and continue to proudly serve in our military. They are small-business owners, job creators, TV stars, athletes, and public servants. An initiative over 20 years in the making, this museum would be a visual representation of the difficulties that Latinos have overcome leaving their home countries, whether to flee an op-pressive communist regime in my na-tive homeland of Cuba, or Venezuela, or for the opportunity to partake in the American Dream, as well as the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:12 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11OC7.002 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7923 October 11, 2017 
story of Hispanics who have made the U.S. their home for many generations. As the first Hispanic woman elected to the U.S. Congress, I am proud to in-vite my colleagues to join me in this endeavor and cosponsor H.R. 2911, the National Museum of the American Latino Act. 
f 
ASSISTANCE FOR PUERTO RICO The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, it has been 3 weeks since the eye of Hurricane Maria crossed over Puerto Rico. It has been 3 weeks, and there are still parts of the island that have not had contact with FEMA yet—3 weeks. For most people, that has meant no power, and most still don’t have running water. Hospitals and clinics were hit hard, as The New York Times reports. The daughter of one man who died because he couldn’t receive oxygen treatment told the paper: ‘‘Because of the elec-tricity situation, a lot of people died and are still dying.’’ Forty percent of the island still lacks running water because of the blackout, which still affects 85 percent of the is-land. As a result, many people are bathing in streams and receiving water from huge tanks, which is never a good idea. This is after 3 weeks in the most powerful nation on Earth. This is unac-ceptable. Our response to Hurricane Maria and the people of Puerto Rico is a national and international embarrassment and a tragedy. They are our own citizens in our own Caribbean colonies of Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands, and we have not helped them all that we can. I spoke to Chicago firefighters yes-terday who have been in Puerto Rico for about a week, and they tell me it is worse than we are being told. b1015 They told me yesterday that they are still making contact in towns where people come up to them and say, ‘‘Thank God, it is FEMA; you are fi-nally here,’’ only to be told, ‘‘No, we are not FEMA; we are from Chicago; we are firefighters,’’ and they embrace and cry with gratitude. Last week, a group of my colleagues and I got together. We represent large Puerto Rican communities here on the mainland in Connecticut, New York, Massachusetts, Illinois, Ohio, and Flor-ida. All of us have been contacted by our constituents who are in desperate need to get their loved ones back and out of Puerto Rico. After 3 weeks, they have run out of patience and are not interested in ex-cuses in our congressional district. They want their parents, they want their Tia with cancer, and they want their cousins on dialysis off the island, period, now. They want a plane ticket to get the hell out. Our communities are ready. Lorain, Ohio; Hartford; Boston; Orlando; New York; Chicago; we are all ready, but the problem is transportation. If you have money, connections, or internet access, then you probably can find a flight out. I know this because I was in Puerto Rico 2 weeks ago, and I saw the Land Rovers, the Jaguars, parked at the pri-vate airports in San Juan, because if you have the money, you have already put your loved ones on a flight out of Dodge. The individuals from FEMA have been doing a great job, given the con-straints, but I think now FEMA and the military resources should focus on the task of evacuating the elderly, the sick, and the vulnerable from the is-land. Look, this is the way FEMA works. They say: Well, we only take on tasks that the Governor asks us to take on, and the Governor is not likely to go to FEMA to ask them to get thousands and thousands of his constituents off the island. Number one, it is a difficult request for any local official to make. Captains of industry and leaders on the island want to make sure that there are Puer-to Rican workers there to rebuild, and of course, to continue to buy their products. I get that. But at the same time, those same captains of industry and political leaders, guess what, I bet you most of them have already got their loved ones off the island. Number two, we know the Governor has to be extremely careful how he asks for anything because we all know the President doesn’t take criticism very well or even a hint of criticism. The Governor doesn’t want to get blackballed by the President who might go off on a Twitter rant at any moment unless he is praised and stroked every step of the way. But our Puerto Rican constituents don’t vote for the Governor of Puerto Rico. They vote for us, for D
ELAURO , for C
ROWLEY , for M CGOVERN , for E
SPAILLAT , for M ARCY KAPTUR , and they want us to help them get their families out of danger’s way. They are demanding help getting their family members out, and I think FEMA and the U.S. military can do the job. They just need the orders from the people in charge. Let’s be clear: if anyone wants to leave Puerto Rico, they should have our help in doing so. For thousands, it is a question of life and death and sur-vival. That is what is needed to help Puerto Rico. We don’t need the Presi-dent tossing paper towels to storm vic-tims like he was tossing a ball to a dog or maybe tossing peanuts to squirrels in the park. We need airplanes, ships, and helicopters to get the people the hell out; otherwise, it will be worse than let them eat cake; it is let them die. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE WORK OF TERESA LEWIS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX) for 5 min-utes. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the work of a very wonder-ful constituent of the Fifth District of North Carolina, Teresa Lewis. Every September, we celebrate American Business Women’s Day in order to recognize the many different backgrounds and diverse occupations of American businesswomen. However, it is my belief that we should celebrate American businesswomen like Teresa Lewis every day. Teresa’s success was born out of de-termination and the desire to provide a better life for her family. In 1986, Te-resa founded WorkForce Carolina, a professional staffing service that in-cludes recruitment, interview comple-tion, and skills assessment. As CEO of WorkForce Carolina, Te-resa has employed thousands of people, and her company has served as a boon to the North Carolina economy. Most importantly, Teresa serves as a role model to all women and men in our country. I commend Teresa Lewis on all of her many accomplishments and thank her for all she does for the community. 
f 
CRITICAL TIME OF LIFE AND DEATH FOR PUERTO RICO AND VIRGIN ISLANDS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
SPAILLAT ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, this is a critical time of life and death for millions of U.S. citizens on the island of Puerto Rico and also in the Virgin Islands. The efforts to rebuild will be great, and we each have a critical role to play to help these families recover following the aftermath of these catastrophic storms. We have witnessed so much devasta-tion this hurricane season, and the im-pact has been particularly destructive and wreaked havoc. It has left millions of U.S. families without shelter, elec-tricity, and their lives in ruin. We all have a part to play in the re-covery efforts and must answer the calls to provide relief and aid in the immense rebuilding efforts that will take place to assist all of them who have been affected. The amount of help and heart I have seen in my home State of New York, including a recent effort of Uptown United this weekend, and from con-stituents of mine like Lin-Manuel Mi-randa, and even from children willing to crack open their piggybanks has been overwhelming. If the Federal Government could have matched that compassion, then Puerto Rico would be well on its way to recovery. Last night, the House Appropriations Committee released a $36.5 billion dis-aster relief package: $5 billion of that will go directly to Puerto Rico; $14 bil-lion for FEMA’s disaster fund; and $16 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:12 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11OC7.004 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7924 October 11, 2017 
billion for the National Flood Insur-ance Program. I see this as an initial downpayment. I hope this is just the beginning. Nearly a month into this crisis, the status of Puerto Rico today is such: The Jones Act. On Sunday, the White House let the 10-day shipping waiver for the Jones Act expire for Puerto Rico, meaning that foreign ships can no longer bring aid to the hurricane- ravaged island from U.S. ports. I have been pushing for at least a 1-year waiv-er and a permanent waiver for oil. Electricity. To date, only 15 percent of Puerto Ricans have power and elec-tricity, not being able to get in contact with their loved ones and the great im-pact the lack of electricity has on pa-tients with dialysis. Water. Access to clean drinking water lingers around 20 percent. It is reported that seaborne bacteria are contaminating the water supply. This may lead to bacterial infections such as cholera, dysentery, E. coli, and ty-phoid. That can be really disastrous. The typical treatments for these ill-nesses, like tetanus shots and powerful antibiotics, are not readily available on the island where medical supplies are quickly running out. The damage estimates. It is cal-culated around $95 billion. This is roughly 150 percent of the Puerto Rican annual gross national product. The downpayment really should be $10 billion to $15 billion. The budget. The White House has re-ported that they have asked Congress to authorize approximately $30 billion in new disaster-related funding. Fatalities. Mr. Speaker, the official death toll has increased to 43 deaths di-rectly or indirectly related to Hurri-cane Maria. The death toll, unfortu-nately, will continue to rise, and this is becoming more and more our Carib-bean Katrina. I urge my colleagues to pass the Disaster Relief Fund for Puer-to Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and the Caribbean. 
f 
THANKING TEAM RUBICON The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I want to take a few minutes to talk about and thank Team Rubicon and all other volunteers who are helping assist victims of Hurricane Harvey with storm cleanup, not only in the district I represent but throughout the State of Texas. Many of our cities still have piles and piles of debris. Initially, it was trees and brushes cleared, but now, as people are starting to survey and repair the damage to their home, there is insula-tion, there is sheetrock, there are per-sonal belongings all out along the street waiting to be picked up and cleaned up. This Monday, I spent time with the Governor of Texas, Greg Abbott, vis-iting some of our cities, and they are telling me that the cleanup may not be complete in some cities, like Port Aransas and Rockport, until December or January. There is a big job ahead. It is going to take a lot of people. Several weeks ago, Speaker RYAN and several members of the Texas dele-gation joined Team Rubicon in the Houston area aiding in demolition and cleanup in the flood-devastated areas. The group’s positive attitude and com-mitment to service is inspiring. Last week, Janice Dean of FOX News visited the district I represent and told the story about how Team Rubicon is helping with debris removal in Whar-ton, Texas. That is a city of about 9,000 south of Houston that was devastated by flood waters associated with the storm. You know, Team Rubicon was found-ed in 2010, following the earthquakes in Haiti, by two marines, Jake Wood and William McNulty, who knew they could use their military experience and go out and help others. Since then, Team Rubicon has dras-tically expanded across the Nation, uniting the skills and experiences of veterans and first responders to rapidly deploy emergency response teams. I want to thank Team Rubicon for all the help they have provided the folks of Texas, especially Wharton, and the people around the world who have suf-fered disasters since 2010. I also want to thank Janice Dean of FOX News for helping tell their story. Janice’s commitment to Team Rubicon didn’t stop with just telling the story. In fact, once the story aired, she has donated $15,000 from sales of her chil-dren’s book, ‘‘Freddy the Frogcaster’’ to Team Rubicon and will continue to be donating all proceeds from this book to the group. Thank you, Janice. Thank you, Team Rubicon, and thank you for everyone who is helping out those who are victims of Hurricane Harvey and the various other disasters that this Nation is facing right now. 
f 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF FIRST SERGEANT CHARLESTON HARTFIELD OF THE NEVADA ARMY NATIONAL GUARD The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. R
OSEN ) for 5 minutes. Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of my con-stituent, First Sergeant Charleston Hartfield of the Nevada Army National Guard. Our community lost a true-blue American hero on the 1st of October. Since the age of 18, Officer Hartfield valiantly served our country and our community, spending 16 years in the Army both on Active Duty and in the Nevada National Guard and 11 years in our local law enforcement. First Sergeant Hartfield spent a year deployed to Iraq with the 82nd Air-borne Division as part of the initial in-vasion in 2003, where they were award-ed the Combat Action Badge for having bravely engaged in combat operations. Those who knew Officer Hartfield re-member him for his kindness to others and for pouring his heart into our com-munity as a husband, a father, a friend, and a youth football coach. Officer Charleston Hartfield was taken from us far too soon by a sense-less tragedy. Our valley and this Na-tion will mourn his loss, and we will carry forward his spirit of courage and selflessness. b1030 REDUCING GUN VIOLENCE  
Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Speaker, it is hard to put into words the devastation and heartbreak my community suffered on October 1, 2017. This horrific violence has forever altered the lives of count-less families in Las Vegas and across this country. My heart breaks for those who lost a parent, a child, a sibling, and a friend. And while this was the deadliest mass shooting in modern American history, I know that we join a long list of com-munities: Sandy Hook, Aurora, Tucson, San Bernardino, and Orlando, all who have suffered way too much through similar heart-wrenching violence. I have lived in southern Nevada for nearly 40 years, and I will tell you that I have been overwhelmed by the resil-ience of Las Vegas. We are not just ‘‘Sin City’’ or the glittering lights of the strip. We are also a tight-knit, compassionate community of hard-working families. The shooting on Oc-tober 1 exemplified the worst of hu-manity, but our response represented the very best of people. As we try to figure out how to move forward, I can tell you that we are find-ing strength and hope and courage in our brave first responders, in the he-roic self-sacrifice of men and women who risked and gave their lives for oth-ers, and for the kindness of strangers who helped transport the wounded to the hospital, who stood in line for hours to donate blood, and who came together to support the survivors. I implore my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to find that same courage to come to the table and have real con-versations about commonsense solu-tions to address gun violence. There is no single policy solution, but I know we can support the Second Amendment while taking reasonable steps to reduce the carnage inflicted on our commu-nities by gun violence and mass shoot-ings. Mr. Speaker, devices designed to cause mass casualties, like bump stocks and high-capacity magazines, have no practical purpose for hunting or self-defense. They only increase the threat for potential victims trying to find safety, like those at the Mandalay Bay, and they make it more chal-lenging for law enforcement to con-front and neutralize an active shooter. I urge all of my colleagues to please join together in a bipartisan effort. We need to take commonsense steps in Congress to decrease the scope of wide-spread destruction and tragic mass shootings. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:12 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11OC7.006 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7925 October 11, 2017 
No community should ever be forced to experience the grief and trauma that my constituents are now confronting. It is more urgent than ever that we take meaningful action to reduce the toll of widespread gun violence. The time is now. 
f 
RECERTIFY IRAN NUCLEAR DEAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak about the significance of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action re-garding Iran, more commonly referred to as the Iran nuclear agreement. I have always been a vocal advocate for tough sanctions on Iran. While I was a member of the House Foreign Af-fairs Committee, in 2010, I was a mem-ber of the conference committee which drafted the Comprehensive Iran Sanc-tions, Accountability, and Divestment Act. These sanctions, in 2010 and subse-quently, did make a difference. Unfortunately, Iran continues to sup-port terrorist organizations, and its record on human rights is well known. But we should not withhold certifi-cation of the Iran nuclear agreement without credible evidence that Iran is not complying. Let’s remember, this agreement has always been about Iran, not obtaining nuclear weapons. Doing so would strip the United States of our credibility in future international agreements not just with Iran, but with our allies as well. In addition to Iran, we negotiated the Iran nuclear agreement with the United Kingdom, Germany, European Union, China, and Russia, and we must keep our word. In other words, to re-main credible, the United States can-not change positions on international agreements from one administration to another without serious justification and without the consent in working with our allies. Especially now, as we are facing an increasing threat with North Korea, we must work with our allies and, to-gether, make a safer world through a comprehensive strategy that involves diplomacy, sanctions, and, yes, deter-rence, if we must use such force. We have methods for addressing Iran’s nonnuclear behavior besides refusing to recertify the agreement, and I will con-tinue to advocate for the use of these tools to take a strong stance against Iran for their support of terrorist state activities and their abuse of human rights. But refusing to recertify the Iran nu-clear agreement, without clear evi-dence that Iran has breached the agree-ment, will deeply damage our relation-ships with our allies, and it will weak-en our credibility worldwide. 
COMMEMORATING HISPANIC HERITAGE MONTH  
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to commemorate Hispanic Herit-age Month, which is from September 15 to October 15 every year. This month we honor and celebrate the history, culture, achievements, and contributions of Hispanic leaders in communities throughout our great country. From serving in our Armed Forces, to starting businesses that fur-ther develop our economy and provide employment for Americans, Hispanics have contributed great advancements in science, medicine, literature, and education. The Hispanic community and its people have been critical in shaping our Nation and the valley that I have the honor to represent. For example, in my home State of California alone, there are over 815,000 Hispanic- or Latino-owned companies, which, together, generate over $98.9 bil-lion in general receipts in our econ-omy. In Fresno, Merced, and Madera counties, which I represent, there are nearly 27,000 Hispanic- or Latino-owned companies, which, together, generated, last year, over $2 billion, $700 million in our economy. The story of our Hispanic friends, neighbors, and loved ones is the story of the American Dream, as they have the same hope and aspiration that all Americans have: to make a better life for themselves and their families through hard work, access to a better education, and equal treatment under the law. Let us remember, after all, we are a nation of immigrants past and present. For over 250 years, since the forma-tion of the United States, immigrants have come from all over the world to America to have a better life for them-selves and, in turn, have made us the greatest country in the world. During Hispanic Heritage Month, I am honored to celebrate the commu-nity whose determination and achieve-ments are an integral part of not only our Nation, but the San Joaquin Valley that I have the honor to represent. f 
SUPPORT FOR NFL FOOTBALL PLAYERS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I rise and stand in the well of the Congress of the United States of Amer-ica. I am always honored that I have this opportunity, and I see it as a pre-eminent privilege to be able to stand in the well of the Congress of the United States of America. I love my country. I have said it many times right here at this podium. I salute the flag, Mr. Speaker. I say the Pledge of Allegiance. I sing the na-tional anthem. I love my country. And because I love my country, I can stand here in the well of the House of the United States of America and an-nounce that I support the NFL men, who are professional football players. I can say I support them because I be-lieve in what the flag stands for: lib-erty and justice for all. I believe in this. And if there is to be liberty and justice for all, the cause that they are part of has to be called to the attention of the American public. I support the NFL players, Mr. Speaker. To those who say that ‘‘they are so lucky, they are making millions, why don’t they just play football, they ought to be happy,’’ first, let me com-ment in this way: They are earning millions. Their bodies are being torn apart, in many cases. They are earning millions. They get concussions. They are earning millions. They suffer after they leave football. They are earning millions. And they are also earning pain as they play a game that amuses many. So those who say they are making plenty of money and they ought to just go away, I contend that they are not doing it for the money. They are doing it because they understand injustice anywhere is still a threat to justice ev-erywhere, as Dr. King put it. They want to eliminate the injustice that they see, and, in so doing, they have decided to take a knee. I salute the flag. I support my coun-try. I love my country. And I respect what they are doing in the form of peaceful protest to bring about change that ought to have been brought about decades or centuries ago; should have been, but has not been. Yes, we have come a long way, but we sure have a long way to go. Now, to those who say ‘‘they have earned millions, why aren’t they happy,’’ well, it is not hush money. Is that what you are saying, that when they get paid, that is hush money that says that they don’t have freedom of speech? Does that check negate their freedom of speech? I think not. Freedom of speech is something that you cherish, whether you live in a mansion or you live under a bridge. Freedom of speech belongs to you. It doesn’t matter your station in life. It doesn’t matter your ethnicity. It doesn’t matter your religiosity. Freedom of speech belongs to you be-cause you are a child of God and you live in the greatest country in the world. So I stand in support of the NFL players. I want them to continue. I want them to stand their ground. I want this movement to continue. And I want those who were thwarted to know that you are trying to thwart injustice. When you try to change the subject and make it about something that it is not, you are trying to thwart injustice. Even if you don’t do it with intentionality, that is the reality. We cannot allow injustice to con-tinue. And I thank God that there are those who are making millions, those who are having their bodies abused, who are willing to take a stand by tak-ing a knee against injustice, and they still respect this country and its flag and this anthem. If there is one among them who has other thoughts, then I don’t support that. I support those who have a right-eous cause and who are respectful of the country, who can love the flag and still protest. I support that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:12 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11OC7.008 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7926 October 11, 2017 
I am an American. I was born in the United States of America. I am a patri-otic American. I believe in this coun-try. And if you believe in it, you ought to allow peaceful protest to continue, because John F. Kennedy was right when he was paraphrased by Dr. King: 
Those who make peaceful protest impos-sible will make other forms of protest inevi-table. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 42 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER Reverend Molly Fraser, Gig Harbor United Methodist Church, Gig Harbor, Washington, offered the following prayer: God of many names, we give thanks for the opportunity to serve. Remind us that we are servants of our country, our people, and the land. Let us not forget all the blessings You have given us so that we might use our power and influence to help order the country in ways that allow each and every person to find life and liberty and to pursue happiness. We come, perhaps, already weary from an onslaught of emails, texts, tweets, phone calls, and meetings where people make demands on how we vote and assumptions about every deci-sion that we put forward. Help us, O God, to do the right thing, not just for a few, but for the many. Help us work together diligently so we might see the fruit of our effort grow into good throughout our country, which can serve to make this world more livable for all. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Al-legiance. Mr. BABIN led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING REVEREND MOLLY FRASER The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. K
ILMER ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I am so honored to welcome Pastor Molly Fra-ser from Gig Harbor United Methodist Church, my home church. Our church isn’t the biggest church, it isn’t the oldest church, but it has left a large impact throughout Gig Harbor because it makes clear that all are welcome. Whether you are in pain and need somewhere to go or you are looking for fellowship, there is a wel-come mat for you. It makes clear to regular attendees and to newcomers that it is a place of open hearts, open minds, and open doors. It is a place that is committed to supporting the needs of those most in need throughout our community and around the world. It is a place to ask tough questions and to celebrate our faith. Finally, it is a place that benefits from the tremendous leadership of Pas-tor Molly, who, during her brief tenure with the church, has brought incredible energy and heart and musical talent. She is here in our Nation’s capital today with her family. It is my honor to welcome them and, in spirit, the en-tire congregation of Gig Harbor United Methodist Church. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, today, I would like to recognize the Army Na-tional Guard’s 236th Engineering Com-pany. Located in Stephenville, Texas, they were the first on the ground in Houston to assist with Hurricane Har-vey relief efforts on August 27. Over the course of a week, they rescued ap-proximately 2,300 civilians and 380 ani-mals from flooded areas. Mr. Speaker, these men and women who serve our country are true heroes, and I am honored to represent them in the 25th Congressional District of Texas. I had the opportunity to meet with these soldiers a few weeks ago and personally shake their hands to thank them for a job well done. They stepped up in a moment of ab-solute crisis and when the people of Texas needed them most. They put their lives on the line in order to save others. Without them, the number of deaths could have been significantly higher. It is because of selfless people like these that America is able to remain the strongest country in the world. The Lone Star State cannot thank them enough for their swift and noble ac-tions, and we will always remember their heroism. Hurricane Harvey victims are still recovering, and all of America is be-hind them. We will rebuild together be-cause we are all Texas strong. God bless Texas, God bless the mili-tary, and God bless the United States of America. In God we trust. f 
HONORING JAHEIR MOORE FOR SERVICE TO HIS COMMUNITY (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Jaheir Moore, a seventh grade student from Jersey City, New Jersey, for his service to people in need. This young man from my district takes the time nearly every day to cro-chet hats, scarves, blankets, and other items for people in homeless shelters and newborn babies in intensive care units. Over the past couple of years, he has donated dozens of bags full of his creations to make life a little better for others. Jaheir is a straight A student who wants to become a fashion designer. In February, he was a guest on the ‘‘Rachael Ray Show.’’ A week later, Jaheir had his first runway show in Jersey City. In April, I presented him with a Certificate of Special Congres-sional Recognition for his charity work. Mr. Speaker, Jaheir Moore’s unself-ish acts of kindness for people in need shows that our country’s future is a bright one. 
f 
ALLEN COUNTY RIGHT TO LIFE (Mr. BANKS of Indiana asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, on Monday night, I had the privilege of attending the Allen County Right to Life’s 20th annual Uniting Our City for Life Banquet. The event was a wonderful time with fellow Hoosiers who share a common concern for the sanctity of innocent human life, from the moment of con-ception to the moment of natural death. It also was a celebration of the fact that our culture increasingly is recognizing the value of human life. A poll released last year found that a majority of young Americans support increasing restrictions that protect the unborn. Another recent poll found that 61 percent of Americans oppose using tax dollars to fund abortions. This 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:12 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11OC7.010 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7927 October 11, 2017 
growing recognition that life is a pre-cious and sacred gift is due, in large part, to the tireless efforts of organiza-tions like Allen County Right to Life. I want to express special thanks to Allen County Right to Life Executive Director Cathie Humbarger and Oper-ations Director Abigail Lorenzen for all they do in northeast Indiana to pro-mote life and defend the unborn. I also want to congratulate Pat Mil-ler on receiving the Daniel Award for pro-life commitment during Monday night’s dinner. Throughout his career, he has been a consistent and compas-sionate voice for the cause of life, and there is no one more deserving of this prestigious award. 
f 
BILLIONAIRES FIRST TAX PLAN (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, last week, Republicans brought their extreme budget to the floor, a budget that forces the middle class to pay more in taxes just to give the wealthiest Amer-icans a massive tax break. This budget slashes investments in our future, such as rebuilding roads and bridges and education, just so it can provide huge tax breaks to the ab-solute wealthiest Americans. Billion-aires would receive a massive tax cut under this plan. Under this ‘‘billionaires first’’ tax plan, according to the nonprofit, non-partisan Tax Policy Center, middle class families would pay an average of $1,290 a year more in taxes, while 80 percent of the benefits would go to the wealthiest 1 percent of Americans: the superwealthy. By repealing the estate tax, 5,400 families would receive a $270 billion tax break. Who pays for this? The middle class. How? By passing the costs on to them and increasing our deficit at the same time. Trillions of dollars would be added to our deficit. Giving billionaires a massive tax break is fiscally irresponsible and mor-ally wrong. We ought to reject it. 
f 
PRAISING PENNSYLVANIA NA-TIONAL GUARD FOR HELPING WITH PUERTO RICO RELIEF EF-FORTS (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend 42 members of the Pennsylvania Na-tional Guard who are currently in Puerto Rico assisting with hurricane relief efforts. Thousands of National Guard mem-bers are working in both Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands to help our fel-low Americans recover from dev-astating hurricanes. Hurricane Maria, with its Category 5 winds, was the fifth strongest storm to ever hit the U.S. and the strongest storm to hit Puerto Rico in 80 years. What it left behind was vast devasta-tion and great damage to infrastruc-ture and energy distribution systems. Mr. Speaker, I am tremendously proud of our Pennsylvania Guardsmen who are on the ground assisting with this humanitarian disaster. They wel-comed the call to action and are work-ing to restore Puerto Rico’s infrastruc-ture, install additional telecommuni-cations equipment to connect families and businesses, and deliver more than 300 generators to provide electricity to those who need it. We are working on rebuilding, and the Pennsylvania National Guard is there to aid in the recovery effort. It is the American way to have all hands on deck, and I am grateful for their ef-forts. f 
DOMESTIC VIOLENCE AWARENESS (Ms. GABBARD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, domes-tic violence often hides behind closed doors and drawn curtains, but the prob-lem is very staggering. In my home State of Hawaii, 575 do-mestic violence survivors reach out to local organizations seeking help every single day. Their stories are heart-breaking and, too often, even if they are temporarily removed from the abu-sive environment, they are often re-turned to their abuser. Survivors can seek legal protection from their abusers, but they aren’t likely to do so or be successful unless they have a lawyer. Just 32 percent of victims successfully obtain a restrain-ing order without legal representation. I call on my colleagues to support the POWER Act, which requires every State’s U.S. attorney to promote and expand pro bono legal services specifi-cally for domestic violence survivors. We all need to be more conscious of this problem because it is happening in our communities. As we observe Do-mestic Violence Awareness Month, let us have the courage to confront the pervasiveness of this crime and take action to help provide survivors with the safety and security they need. 
f 
MEDIA IGNORES DONATION TO ANTI-COP GROUP (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, you may have heard of Colin Kaepernick, the football quarterback who started ‘‘the kneel’’ to protest the national anthem at NFL games. He was the originator of the resistance move-ment in the NFL against police offi-cers. But you likely haven’t heard that he donated $25,000 to a group that was named after a convicted cop killer. Neither national broadcast stations nor major daily newspapers reported the donation to an organization hon-oring Assata Shakur, who escaped pris-on and fled to Cuba after being found guilty in the 1973 murder of police offi-cer Werner Foerster. Assata is cur-rently on the FBI’s Most Wanted Ter-rorists list. Why did the liberal national media think this story was not newsworthy? Do they agree with Kaepernick? Do they approve of contributions to orga-nizations named after cop killers? The liberal national media seems to have a grudge against law enforcement and patriotism, as well as religion and traditional values, based on their lack of fair coverage of those subjects. This might explain why the media’s credi-bility is at a record low. f 
CONTRACEPTIVE COVERAGE (Mrs. DAVIS of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speak-er, last week, the Trump administra-tion rolled back contraceptive care for hundreds of thousands of women. They called it a victory for religious liberty. But let’s be real. This is just one part of the White House’s fight to strip women of their independence and healthcare. First, they came for title X, scaling back the essential family planning cen-ters that served low-income women. They attacked Planned Parenthood, pledging to block access for the mil-lions of women who depend on it. They expanded the global gag rule, a policy that will limit the preventative healthcare options for women across the world. Then, they turned their destructive sights on title IX, scaling back crucial guidances that protect sexual assault victims on our college campuses. Now, they have opened the door for bosses to deny contraceptive coverage for their female employees. Let’s not pretend this is a victory for religious freedom. This is about taking away women’s choices. 
f 
HONORING DR. DANIEL J. BRADLEY ON HIS RETIREMENT (Mr. BUCSHON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a true champion for higher education, Dr. Daniel J. Brad-ley, the 11th president of Indiana State University. During his 9-year tenure at Indiana State, Dr. Bradley has led ISU to achieve the highest enrollment in school history, added new degree pro-grams to meet the demands of the 21st century workforce, and completed more than $300 million in capital projects on the campus. Most impor-tantly, Dr. Bradley has improved stu-dent success by increasing the student retention rate and increasing the stu-dent graduation rate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11OC7.012 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7928 October 11, 2017 
From his service to our country in the U.S. Army to his service to the stu-dents of Indiana State University, I urge my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Dr. Bradley on his retire-ment at the end of this year. 
f 
b1215 CHALLENGE TO DEMOCRATS AND REPUBLICANS TO WORK TO-GETHER TO PASS A DACA FIX (Mr. POLIS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, there are upwards of 800,000 DREAMers in our country—young, de facto Americans, people who grew up here, are as Amer-ican as you or I, American in fact, al-beit not in law. They are able to work legally under the deferred action, or DACA program, that President Obama has set up. That has been jeopardized by an announcement that President Trump will be terminating that pro-gram within 6 months. Now we are down to about 4
1⁄2 months, a challenge to this body, Democrats and Republicans, to work together to rectify the legal situation of 800,000 de facto Americans. This body must act. We can’t leave these young Americans in limbo with regard to what their future prospects are to work. Make no bones about it, if this body fails to act, over 800,000 aspiring Amer-icans will no longer be able to go to work legally the very next day after deferred action expires. In the interest of unifying families, in the interest of these young people who are as Amer-ican as you or I, in the interest of our economic growth and prosperity, I call upon my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to stop playing politics and fi-nally pass a DACA fix, like the Dream Act, into law to make sure that they can give back to the country that has given so much to them. 
f 
IMPACT OF RECENT HURRICANES (Mr. BILIRAKIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, it was great to participate in this morning’s board of delegation meeting, during which we discussed the impact of re-cent hurricanes on our State and unmet needs to require further atten-tion. With the onslaught of natural disas-ters that have plagued our country in recent months, we must provide appro-priate levels of Federal support to all who are suffering. However, we must also ensure that Florida’s ongoing needs are not overlooked as we seek to fully recover. Our two largest industries, tourism and agriculture, have sustained signifi-cant losses, which will have a long- term impact on our economy, unfortu-nately. We also learned valuable les-sons during the hurricane as it relates to the care for our most vulnerable citizens, our seniors and the disabled. These lessons need to translate to ac-tion in order to prevent future trage-dies. I look forward to working with my colleagues as we evaluate the proposed natural disaster funding bill that will be voted on later this week and deter-mine its impact on Florida. f 
HONORING DAVE DAVIS (Mr. MESSER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a dear friend of mine, Dave Davis, who passed away recently. Dave was a giant Purdue fan, but we first met at a UCLA basketball game over 20 years ago. We immediately struck up a friend-ship, and in 2000, when I announced I was running for Congress, Dave was all in and, despite the long odds, took va-cation time to drive me all around Madison County. We didn’t win that one, but that is the kind of guy Dave Davis was. He put others first, sharing in your successes and your struggles as if they were his own. Dave had a great smile and a rare quality: he saw everyone for who they could be, not just what they were. Dave spent his career in public serv-ice for our State and our Nation, but his most important priority was his family. He never passed up an oppor-tunity to talk about his wife, Robyn; or his kids, Alex, Amy, and Eric. Dave Davis was a good man and my friend. Congratulations on a life well lived. Godspeed. 
f 
REFORMING THE TAX CODE (Mr. YODER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to talk about our efforts here in the people’s House to reform our Tax Code and reduce the burden of the Fed-eral Government on every American. Right now, Americans know that our Tax Code is unfair, it is too long, and it is too complicated. It has been 30 years since we have made meaningful reforms, and the time for that change is now. House and Sen-ate Republicans have announced re-forms that will make the Tax Code simpler, with more than 90 percent of filers being able to do their returns on a simple postcard. We have asked to make the Tax Code fair for middle class Americans, low-ering their rates and doubling their standard deduction. We have asked to give relief to low-income Americans by eliminating the lowest 10 percent bracket completely and cutting the 15 percent bracket to 12. We have asked to crack down on tax avoidance by ending the dozens and dozens of loopholes that only the wealthiest taxpayers and cor-porations can take advantage of. Mr. Speaker, we have a unique oppor-tunity to do so much for hardworking families across America. I hope that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle will join us, offer solutions, and make this a bipartisan effort to give the American people the relief they de-serve. f 
RISING ON BEHALF OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE (Mr. AL GREEN of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today on behalf of the many who have concluded that enough is enough. I rise today to speak on behalf of the many persons who believe that Article II, section 4 of the Constitution of the United States of America has meaning and that it is something that is appropriate for a time such as this, appropriate for a time when there is one among us who seems to incite ha-tred, bigotry, and invidious discrimina-tion. I rise to speak on their behalf today, Mr. Speaker, and I do so understanding that I am not doing it on behalf of Re-publicans, generally speaking, or Democrats, generally speaking. The people whom I reference are Ameri-cans, generally speaking. So I rise to speak on their behalf. 
f 
NOTICE OF INTENTION TO OFFER RESOLUTION RAISING A QUES-TION OF THE PRIVILEGES OF THE HOUSE Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, pursuant to clause 2(a)(1) of rule IX, I seek recognition to give notice of my intent to raise a question of the privi-leges of the House. The form of the resolution is as fol-lows: Articles of Impeachment against Donald J. Trump, President of the United States of America, in the Con-gress of the United States of America. Resolution. Resolved, that Donald J. Trump, President of the United States of America, has undermined the integrity of his office with impunity and has brought disrepute on the Presidency with immunity, has betrayed his trust as President to the manifest injury of the American people and is unfit to be President, and is impeached pursuant to Article II, section IV of the Con-stitution of the United States of Amer-ica, and that the following Articles of Impeachment be exhibited to the United States Senate: Articles of Impeachment exhibited by the House of Representatives of the United States of America in the name of itself and of all of the people of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11OC7.014 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7929 October 11, 2017 
United States of America against Don-ald John Trump, President of the United States of America, in mainte-nance and support of its impeachment against him for high crimes and mis-demeanors of a nature which may, with peculiar propriety, be denominated as political, not requiring the commission of a crime, and exclusively the jurisdic-tion of the United States House of Rep-resentatives for impeachment pur-poses. Article I: That Donald John Trump, President of the United States of America, unmindful of his high duties of his office and the dignity and propri-eties thereof, and the harmony, re-spect, and courtesies, which ought to exhibit and be maintained in American society, has under the inane pretext of dispensing with political correctness, produced a demonstrable record of in-citing white supremacy, sexism, big-otry, hatred, xenophobia, race-baiting, and racism by demeaning, defaming, disrespecting, and disparaging women and certain minorities. In so doing, Donald John Trump, President of the United States of America, has fueled and is fueling an alt-right hate machine and its world-wide covert sympathizers engendering racial antipathy, LGBTQ enmity, reli-gious anxiety, stealthy sexism, and dreadful xenophobia, perfidiously caus-ing immediate injury to American so-ciety, to wit: On September 23, 2017, Donald John Trump incited race-baiting and racism, engendering stealthy sexism and racial antipathy, when he disrespected, dis-paraged, and demeaned mothers of pro-fessional football players by calling them dogs as he made the widely pub-lished statement: 
Won’t you love to see one of these NFL owners, when somebody disrespects our flag, say, Get that son-of-a-B-I-T-C-H off the field right now, out. He’s fired. He’s fired. 
On September 23, 2017, Donald John Trump incited race-baiting and racism, engendering racial antipathy, when he disrespected and disparaged profes-sional football players, approximately 70 percent of whom are reportedly Afri-can American, by calling them sons of dogs as he made the widely published statement: 
Wouldn’t you love to see one of these NFL owners, when somebody disrespects our flag, say, Get that son-of-a-B-I-T-C-H off the field right now, out. He’s fired. He’s fired. 
On September 30, 2017, Donald John Trump incited bigotry and race-bait-ing, engendering racial antipathy, when he disrespected, disparaged, and demeaned Puerto Ricans, who are Americans, by implying Puerto Ricans want others to do for them what they won’t do for themselves, as he made the widely published claim: 
They want everything to be done for them when it should be a community effort. 
Further, on October 3, 2017, while in Puerto Rico, as was widely shown on American television, Donald John Trump incited bigotry, engendering ra-cial antipathy, when he disparaged Puerto Ricans by stating: I hate to tell you, Puerto Rico, but you’ve thrown our budget a little out of whack be-cause we spent a lot of money on Puerto Rico, and that’s fine. But we’ve saved a lot of lives. 
The President did not make similar widely published statements about Texas or Florida. b1230 On January 27, 2017, Donald John Trump incited xenophobia and hate against Muslims in the United States of America, engendering religious anx-iety, when he disrespected Islam by issuing Executive Order 13769, fulfilling a campaign promise to ban Muslims from entering the United States of America. This widely published cam-paign promise is dated December 7, 2015, and reads as follows: 
Donald J. Trump Statement on Preventing Muslim Immigration, New York, New York, December 7, 2015. Donald J. Trump is calling for the total and complete shutdown of Mus-lims entering the United States until our country’s representatives can figure out what is going on. 
On March 4, 2017, Donald John Trump incited race-baiting and racism, engen-dering racial antipathy, when he de-famed, disrespected, and disparaged President Barack Obama by making the widely published statement, which has since been disclaimed: 
Terrible. Just found out that Obama had my ‘‘wires tapped’’ in Trump Tower just be-fore the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism. 
On July 26, 2017, Donald John Trump incited bigotry, engendering LGBTQ enmity, when he disparaged and disrespected transgender Americans by indicating that the costs of their med-ical care outweighs the sacrifice they are willing to make for our country as he made the widely published state-ment: 
After consultation with my generals and military experts, please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow transgender individuals to serve in any capacity in the U.S. military. Our military must be focused on decisive and over-whelming victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and dis-ruption that transgender in the military would entail. 
In so doing, the aforementioned Don-ald John Trump, unmindful of the high duties of his high office and the dignity and proprieties thereof, and of the har-mony, respect, and courtesies which ought to exist and be maintained with-in American society, has undermined the integrity of his office, has brought disrepute on the Presidency, has be-trayed his trust as President to the manifest injury of the people of the United States of America, and, as a re-sult is unfit to be President. Therefore, Donald John Trump, by betraying his trust as President, war-rants impeachment, trial, and removal from office and disqualification to hold any office of honor, trust, or profit under the United States of America. Article II: That Donald John Trump, President of the United States of America, unmindful of the high duties of his high office and the dignity and proprieties thereof, and of the harmony and courtesies which ought to exist and be maintained within American so-ciety, did betray his trust as President and bring shame and dishonor to the office of the Presidency by associating the majesty and dignity of the Presi-dency with causes rooted in White su-premacy, bigotry, racism, anti-Semi-tism, White nationalism, and neo-Na-zism when he, to wit: On August 15, 2017, Donald John Trump made a widely published state-ment characterizing a group of anti- Semites, bigots, racists, White nation-alists, and Klu Klux Klansmen who ral-lied in Charlottesville, Virginia, as ‘‘very fine people.’’ Thereafter, on August 23, 2017, the United Nations Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination released a 2-page decision in which it was stated that they were ‘‘disturbed by the failure at the highest political level of the United States of America to unequivocally reject and condemn the racist violent events and dem-onstrations led by the aforementioned groups, thereby potentially fueling the proliferation of racist discourse and in-cidents throughout the State party, and deeply concerned by the example this failure could set for the rest of the world.’’ On October 7, 2017, hate groups were again back in Charlottesville, Virginia, at the statue of Robert E. Lee, the Con-federate general, chanting, ‘‘You will not replace us.’’ Since this event on Oc-tober 7, the President has made many widely published statements about many things including, but not limited to, the National Football League, but has not made one widely published statement condemning the hate groups for returning to the place where an in-nocent person lost her life at the hands of hate. In so doing, the aforementioned Don-ald John Trump, unmindful of the high duties of his high office and the integ-rity and proprieties thereof, and of the harmony, respect, and courtesies which ought to exist and be maintained with-in American society, has undermined the integrity of his office, has brought disrepute on the Presidency, and has betrayed his trust as President to the manifest injury of the people of the United States of America, and is unfit to be President. Therefore, Donald John Trump, by betraying his trust as President, war-rants impeachment, trial, and removal from office and the disqualification to hold any office of honor, trust, or prof-it under the United States of America. Article III: Donald John Trump, President of the United States of America, unmindful of his high duties of his high office and the dignity and proprieties thereof, and of the harmony and courtesies which ought to exist and be maintained in American soci-ety, did engage in perfidy by making the widely reported claim that 3 to 5 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11OC7.016 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7930 October 11, 2017 
million people voted illegally in the 2016 Presidential election and, further, expending tax dollars to establish a commission to investigate his claim, to wit: On November 27, 2016, Donald John Trump made the widely reported claim that: 
In addition to winning the electoral col-lege in a landslide, I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally . . . in Virginia, New Hampshire, and California. So why isn’t the media re-porting on this? Serious bias. Big problem. 
On January 25, 2017, Donald John Trump made the widely reported claim that: 
I will be asking for a major investigation into voter fraud, including those registered to vote in two States, and who are illegal and. . . . 
On July 1, 2017, Donald John Trump made the widely reported claim that: 
Numerous States were refusing to give in-formation to the very distinguished voter fraud panel. What are they trying to hide? 
On June 28, 2017, according to highly reported news stories, the commission previously referenced by Donald John Trump requested detailed voter reg-istration data from all 50 States, in-cluding names, addresses, and other sensitive data from every voter in the country. Several States refused to send the information, and some States have been prevented by courts from turning over the information. In so doing, the aforementioned Don-ald John Trump, unmindful of the high duties of his high office and the dignity and proprieties thereof, has under-mined the integrity of his office and has brought disrepute on the Presi-dency and has betrayed his trust as President to the manifest injury of the people of the United States of America, and is unfit to be President. Therefore, Donald John Trump, by betraying his trust as President, war-rants impeachment, trial, and removal from office and disqualification to hold any office of honor, trust, or profit under the United States of America. Article IV: Donald John Trump, President of the United States of America, unmindful of the high duties of his high office and of the dignity and proprieties thereof, and of the harmony and courtesies which ought to exist and be maintained in American soci-ety, while aware of the widely reported history of unlawful abuses and bru-tality perpetrated by many, not all, po-lice officers against innocent persons in the United States of America, did betray his trust as President, bringing shame and dishonor to the office of the Presidency by encouraging law enforce-ment officials to violate the constitu-tional rights of suspects in their cus-tody and control, to wit: On July 28, 2017, Donald John Trump, in a speech in front of the Suffolk County Police Department in Long Is-land, New York, stated that: 
And when you see these towns and when you see these thugs being thrown into the back of a paddy wagon, you just see them thrown in—rough. I said, ‘‘Please don’t be too nice.’’ Like when you guys put somebody in the car and you’re protecting their head, you know, the way you put their hand over? Like, don’t hit their head, and they’ve just killed somebody—don’t hit their head. I said, ‘‘You can take the hand away, okay?’’ This statement is injurious not only to the rule of law, which presumes in-nocence until guilt is proven in a court of law, but also to the administration of justice, which requires that care is given to persons held in the custody of law enforcement. Our Nation is found-ed upon a social contract where the constitutional rights of the individual are not surrendered because he or she is accused of a crime. To speak to the contrary is a violation of the Presi-dential oath of office to which Donald John Trump is bound. In so doing, the aforementioned Don-ald John Trump, unmindful of the high duties of his high office and the dignity and the proprieties thereof, and of his oath of office, to ‘‘faithfully execute the Office of President of the United States of America, and will to the best of my ability, preserve, protect, and de-fend the Constitution of the United States,’’ has undermined the integrity of his office, has brought disrepute on the Presidency, has betrayed his trust as President to the manifest injury of the people of the United States of America, and is unfit to be President. Therefore, Donald John Trump, by betraying his trust as President, war-rants impeachment, trial, and removal from office and disqualification to hold any office of high honor, trust, or prof-it under the United States of America. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona). Under rule IX, a resolution offered from the floor by a Member other than the majority leader or the minority leader as a question of the privileges of the House has imme-diate precedence only at a time des-ignated by the Chair within 2 legisla-tive days after the resolution is prop-erly noticed. Pending that designation, the form of the resolution noticed by the gen-tleman from Texas will appear in the R
ECORD at this point. The Chair will not at this point de-termine whether the resolution con-stitutes a question of privilege. That determination will be made at the time designated for consideration of the res-olution. 
f 
b1245 PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S. 585, DR. CHRIS KIRK-PATRICK WHISTLEBLOWER PRO-TECTION ACT OF 2017; PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM OCTOBER 16, 2017, THROUGH OCTOBER 20, 2017; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 562 and ask for its immediate consider-ation. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: H. R ES. 562 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (S. 585) to provide greater whistleblower protections for Federal em-ployees, increased awareness of Federal whistleblower protections, and increased ac-countability and required discipline for Fed-eral supervisors who retaliate against whis-tleblowers, and for other purposes. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and on any amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform; and (2) one motion to recom-mit. S
EC. 2. On any legislative day during the period from October 16, 2017, through October 20, 2017— (a) the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and (b) the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time, within the limits of clause 4, section 5, arti-cle I of the Constitution, to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. S
EC. 3. The Speaker may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the du-ration of the period addressed by section 2 of this resolution as though under clause 8(a) of rule I. S
EC. 4. It shall be in order at any time on the legislative day of October 12, 2017, or Oc-tober 13, 2017, for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House suspend the rules as though under clause 1 of rule XV. The Speak-er or his designee shall consult with the Mi-nority Leader or her designee on the designa-tion of any matter for consideration pursu-ant to this section. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consider-ation of this resolution, all time yield-ed is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on House Resolution 562, currently under consid-eration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I am pleased to bring this rule for-ward on behalf of the Rules Committee. Yesterday, the Rules Committee heard testimony from our colleagues, Congressman P
AUL MITCHELL , Over-sight and Government Reform Com-mittee Ranking Member E
LIJAH CUM-
MINGS , and Congresswoman A NN K
USTER . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11OC7.018 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7931 October 11, 2017 
This rule provides for the consider-ation of S. 585, the Dr. Chris Kirk-patrick Whistleblower Protection Act. The rule provides for 1 hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chairman and the ranking member of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, and provides for a motion to recommit. S. 585 was authored by Senator J
OHN-
SONin the Senate, and the House com-panion was introduced by my friend, Congressman S
EAN DUFFY . I want to thank my colleagues from Wisconsin for their leadership on this legislation. Mr. Speaker, this bill addresses a problem that is, unfortunately, far too common. When Federal employees blow the whistle on questionable prac-tices, they face risk of retaliation and intimidation from their own employ-ers, even though the current Federal law is supposed to protect them. In fact, the underlying legislation pro-vided for by this rule is named after an individual who ultimately took his own life after he became the victim of retal-iation related to his whistleblowing. Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick was a Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs doctor who raised concerns that the VA might be overmedicating patients. A later VA investigation found that Dr. Kirk-patrick’s concerns were warranted, but it was too late. Dr. Kirkpatrick had al-ready suffered retribution from within the VA and was eventually dismissed from the agency. On the day of his ter-mination, Dr. Kirkpatrick took his own life. Dr. Kirkpatrick’s story is a tragedy, one that none of us ever wants to see repeated. The Department of Veterans Affairs has become a de facto poster child for hostility toward whistleblowers. In fact, according to the Office of Special Counsel—the agency tasked with inves-tigation and redressing whistleblower retaliation—the OSC has seen a sharp increase in the number of whistle-blower cases from VA employees. OSC Special Counsel Carolyn Lerner went on to say that: ‘‘ . . . it is clear that the workplace culture in many VA facilities is hostile to whistleblowers and actively discourages them from coming forward with what is often crit-ical information.’’ This disturbing trend may be most visible at the VA, but the problem of backlash against whistleblowers per-sists across the Federal Government. Let me make something clear. There are good actors and bad actors within each agency. There are good actors who shine light on the legitimate con-cerns in order to help their colleagues and the American people. There are also good actors who listen to those concerns and address them with integ-rity, and treat whistleblowers with re-spect. Unfortunately, there are also bad ac-tors. These are the ones that this legis-lation seeks to address, and the prob-lem they create is the one that the un-derlying bill works to solve. The underlying legislation provides for better training for Federal employ-ees so that they understand Federal whistleblower protections. It also sets minimum disciplinary standards across all agencies for retaliation against whistleblowers while increasing protec-tions for people who have the courage to speak up when they discover a prob-lem. The bill specifically requires the De-partment of Veterans Affairs to deter-mine a plan to restrict unauthorized employee access to medical files, which—and it disturbs me to say this— has been used as a method of retalia-tion against whistleblowers. This legislation would make much- needed changes to ensure that those who come forward with information necessary to maintain and increase ac-countability within our government do not suffer backlash as well. Importantly, the bill also helps these individuals to know their rights and what protections and recourse are available to them. It is unfortunate that we need this legislation, but evidence has indicated that we do. The underlying legislation puts bullies who have made their nest in government agencies on notice that their behavior won’t stand. It defends brave whistleblowers and puts the bad actor Federal employees on notice: hostile work environments that target whistleblowers are on the bureauc-racy’s endangered species list. The Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick Whistle-blower Protection Act also builds on the work the current administration is doing to address retribution levied against whistleblowers at the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs. Importantly, I have colleagues on both sides of the aisle who agree that we need to address this problem and that the time to do so is now. The Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick Whistle-blower Protection Act passed the Sen-ate by unanimous consent on May 25, 2017. We need to continue their good work here today. On behalf of the whistleblowers who have risked their careers and safety to right wrongs in our government, we need to support this strong and timely legislation. Calling for attention and action to address improper behavior within the United States Government should not be considered a risky under-taking. Many Federal employees work day in and day out on behalf of the American people, yet some feel threatened when they try in earnest to make things bet-ter. We need to continue the Senate’s work on behalf of these individuals and the Americans that they serve. Every-one deserves a government that is ac-countable for its own decisions and for the actions of its agents. Today we have a chance to make strides towards a more accountable government. We have the opportunity to address the most pressing problems facing whistleblowers at the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs and across the Federal Government. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the cus-tomary 30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the rule. As my colleague noted, Dr. Kirkpatrick was a psychologist at a VA medical center in Wisconsin. In 2009, he was fired from his job after allegedly questioning the overmedication of his patients, particularly related to opioids. Tragically, that very same day, Dr. Kirkpatrick committed sui-cide. I think we can all agree that pro-tecting whistleblowers helps to ensure that waste, fraud, and abuse in our gov-ernment does not go unnoticed or ig-nored. It is our responsibility to empower and encourage whistleblowers to come forward and speak out when something isn’t right. No one should have to live in fear of retaliation for bringing the truth to light. No one should fear los-ing their job or career or their life sim-ply for following the rules. The Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick Whistle-blower Protection Act increases ac-countability by enacting mandatory punishments for any manager or supe-rior at an agency who has been found to have retaliated against a whistle-blower. The bill also contains VA-specific re-forms to better protect the privacy of medical records. Employee medical records would now be prohibited from being accessed in the case of potential retaliation cases, which adds an addi-tional level of accountability for super-visors; and protecting the whistle-blower from attacks and threats based on their personal medical history, which would be completely inappro-priate. Mr. Speaker, while there are strong and necessary reforms in this bill, I want to make sure that you know that legislation can always be improved through the amendment process or at least through conducting a hearing and markup of a bill. Sadly, but unsurprisingly in this Congress, this bill didn’t have a mark-up in committee; didn’t have a hearing; is considered under a closed rule, where amendments that were brought for-ward aren’t even allowed to be debated on the House floor. This might be a surprise even to the chairman of the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform, who himself requested a structured rule that allowed for debate on amend-ments. Much of my statement today echoes the sentiment of Oversight and Govern-ment Reform Ranking Member C
UM-
MINGS and his testimony yesterday evening in the Rules Committee. Though this bill isn’t perfect, it can be improved and strengthened by a few relatively straightforward amend-ments, which, unfortunately, were shut 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11OC7.021 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7932 October 11, 2017 
down in the Rules Committee last night. The first amendment, which was blocked today, would have addressed the bill’s constitutional concerns first raised by the Office of Personnel Man-agement by revising the mandatory disciplinary procedures to allow superi-ors their constitutional rights to due process in responding to accusations of retaliation. It would have improved the bill and made it more likely to stand up in court to challenge. An amendment reaffirming the right to due process would have been some-thing at least worth voting on, and, in fact, could have preserved the constitu-tionality of the core elements of this bill, ensuring that it stays in place to protect whistleblowers. Another amendment blocked under this rule would have addressed privacy concerns contained in the bill. Specifi-cally, the amendment would have pro-tected the privacy of a whistleblower who commits suicide, by requiring the permission of the whistleblower’s next of kin before an agency can share infor-mation regarding the suicide. Again, it seems like a straight-forward fix to protect the privacy of whistleblowers and their families. At the very least, even if Members of this body disagreed with it, why didn’t we at least bring it forward for debate and a vote? Another amendment that was blocked today contained the text of Mr. C
UMMINGS ’ bill, H.R. 702, which was passed by the House of Representatives unanimously. As you know, this bill would expand protections for employ-ees who face discrimination, and it so-lidifies our commitment to protecting whistleblowers and other employees from retaliation. It was a bipartisan bill. It passed the House unanimously. We simply should have allowed it under this bill to become part of a related ef-fort. Now, I know that my colleagues on the other side will say: Oh, the Senate is slow. They won’t take up this bill on time. It is better for us to pass some-thing now than have to wait for their approval. But it only takes 10 minutes usually to debate an amendment. So we could have allowed three amendments and spent no more than 30 minutes debat-ing them and still reported this bill out expeditiously. Now, I happen to think that, while there are many on the other side of the aisle who would agree the House needs to return to regular order, it is time that Members actually started by vot-ing according to what they are saying. By voting ‘‘no’’ on this rule and reject-ing it, we can send the message to House leadership that we want an open, regular order process. Bills should come out of committee through markups. Republicans and Democrats should have the oppor-tunity to amend bills on the floor of the House. Perhaps if we did that more often, the Senate would not simply cast aside many of the bills that have passed the House, knowing that they went through the process of deliberate consideration by our body, rather than a bill that appears fully formed where Members of this body simply get an up- or-down vote. This bill will enjoy bipartisan sup-port when it passes the House later today, as it should, but it also begs the question of: Why are we spending valu-able time debating a noncontroversial bill, especially if it is considered under a closed rule? Why not have simply put it up on suspension in the first place? To say things bluntly, we are actu-ally running out of time this year. By my count, we only have 30 legislative days left in the first half of the 115th Congress, yet we are faced with so many important issues we need to move forward on. Nine million children face losing their health insurance because Con-gress has not yet acted to reauthorize CHIP. Almost 1 million young, aspiring Americans have no idea what their lives will look like 6 months from now because of the President’s decision to end DACA and Congress’s continued in-ability to make it permanent law. The citizens of Puerto Rico, American citi-zens, still have not been granted a Fed-eral aid package and are suffering from a lack of food, clean water, healthcare supplies, and electricity, jeopardizing many of their lives today. Yet here we are debating a bill with-out even allowing an amendment proc-ess that we could have passed under suspension vote yesterday so we could move on to CHIP, to Puerto Rico, to DACA today, rather than spend one of our 30 remaining days of business this year avoiding the topics that the American people want us to take on. Despite the important goals we have left to accomplish this year, it is mis-leading to assume that regular order isn’t feasible. We have all seen how fast Congress can work when we are pushed right up to the edge. It is past time that we show that same urgency and commitment in considering legislation under regular order, even if it means we have to stay here on Thursdays and Fridays, even if it means we are work-ing until 8 or 9 or 10 or midnight. The American people deserve no less. Make no mistake, the Whistleblower Protection Act is an important piece of legislation that will help protect whis-tleblowers and hold Federal agencies accountable, but if we are going to de-vote this much time to legislation that protects employees, let’s take it a step further and talk about expanding worker protections for an even greater number of Americans. For example, my legislation, the Giv-ing Workers a Fair Shot Act—which I introduced last session and this ses-sion, and has yet to receive a hearing, no less a markup in the Education and Workforce Committee—would protect workers from wage theft, prevent tax-payer funds from going towards union busting, and establish first contract ar-bitration to prevent companies from dragging on labor negotiations unnec-essarily to the detriment of workers. b1300 We don’t have time to waste. If we are going to consider an issue, let’s dive in. We can protect whistleblowers from retaliation and strengthen the rights of workers at the same time. Given the minimal amount of time we have left to work with, 30 days this year, we have an obligation to do both. By the way, the fact that we only work 30 more days this year here in the United States Congress probably comes as a great surprise to many hard-working Americans who are accus-tomed to working 5 days a week. We have the rest of the month of October, November, December. Well, many Americans might get Christmas Day off, perhaps even Christmas Eve, but I don’t think Americans realize that Congress is only going to work 30 days out of the next 78 days. That is less than a half-time job, Mr. Speaker. I think the American people deserve more from us in this body, especially when so many issues like CHIP, like DACA, like Puerto Rico, and many others have gone unanswered by us in this body, the House of Representa-tives, or by colleagues across the way in the Senate. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield as much time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Ala-bama (Mrs. R
OBY). Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me time. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to support this rule and the underlying bill, S. 585, the Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick Whistleblower Protection Act of 2017. This bill strengthens penalties against those who retaliate against whistleblowers, adds protections and opportunities for whistleblowers placed on probation, and ensures Federal em-ployees have a greater knowledge of whistleblower rights and protections. Specifically, this bill forbids a super-visor from taking or threatening to take action against an employee be-cause they refuse to obey an order that would violate a law, rule, or regula-tion. I want to thank Senator R
ONJOHN-
SONfor his persistence in pushing this legislation even after the former Sen-ator Harry Reid shut it down last Con-gress. What a poignant and meaningful ges-ture to name this bill after Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick, a VA employee who took his own life after being subjected to cruel retaliation from VA officials. I hope it puts in perspective the im-mense emotional burdens that victims of retaliation face. Mr. Speaker, this issue is personal for me. Unfortunately, I have seen ex-actly what retaliation against whistle-blowers looks like, how easy it is to get 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11OC7.022 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7933 October 11, 2017 
away with it, and why we have to put a stop to it. Last week marked the 3-year anni-versary since the director of the cen-tral Alabama VA became the first sen-ior manager in the country fired as a result of the wait-list scandal. That was a major step towards turning around one of the Nation’s worst VA systems and restoring trust with the veteran population it serves. Mr. Speaker, I can say, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that it would have never happened without brave whistle-blowers inside the VA telling me the truth. Two brave individuals in particular, Sheila Meuse and Rich Tremaine, told me the truth about major instances of misconduct and mismanagement when no one else would. Seeing no other way to achieve change, they finally told their story to the media, at great per-sonal risk to their careers. The stories that emerged from these exposures were almost unbelievable: More than 1,000 X-ray cancer screenings were lost and unread for years, even though some showed malig-nancies. When alerted to the problem, top administrators tried to cover this up. A pulmonologist manipulated more than 1,200 patient records but, even after being caught twice, was still given a satisfactory review. A central Alabama VA employee took a recovering veteran to a crack house and bought him drugs and pros-titutes in order to extort his VA pay-ments. Even when caught, this em-ployee was not fired until a year and a half later when we exposed it in the newspaper. Mr. Speaker, this behavior is egre-gious, and, trust me, there is a lot more where it came from. However, had it not been for the courage of those on the inside to ex-pose this wrongdoing, the world might not have ever known. To me and to the veterans whose lives they might have saved, they are heroes. But that is not how they were treated by VA officials. They were treated as enemies and out-casts, all because they tried to do the right thing. Rich Tremaine actually testified here before the Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee, detailing the systemic way that some VA officials attempted to si-lence and marginalize him. The effects of him blowing the whistle on wrong-doing follow him to this day, far away from Montgomery, Alabama. Mr. Speaker, my experience working to clean house at the VA taught me a fascinating and frustrating truth about the culture in some parts of the VA. The system routinely goes out of its way to protect those who don’t do their jobs or even harm veterans, but then goes after those who try to stop that misbehavior. For years, because of poorly written civil service laws and powerful unions, too many VA employees got the mes-sage that misconduct, negligence, and poor performance would be tolerated, but blowing the whistle on that kind of behavior would not be. I have seen it too many times. All too frequently, VA employees caught for doing the wrong thing are rep-rimanded, shuffled around to different jobs, or allowed to quietly retire, but those who try to do the right thing by our veterans by shining a light on mis-conduct are persecuted, intimidated, or worse. While I am proud of the work that we have done for the last 3 years to put an end to this unacceptable culture at the VA, there is much work left to be done. Mr. Speaker, there is a reason why Federal employees face retaliation for speaking up. It is not because people are just naturally mean or because there is some kind of misunder-standing. The reason whistleblowers face systemic retaliation is because it works. When a brave whistleblower faces intimidation or persecution for their action, every other employee sees it, and they know what will happen to them if they tell the truth. It has a powerful, chilling effect—one we saw firsthand in Montgomery. They retaliate because it works. That is just wrong, and it is time to punish those who do it with harsher penalties. We need to rethink our civil service laws in this country to make sure public servants live up to the honor and responsibility of the public trust, and I believe that this bill is an-other positive step in that direction. Mr. Speaker, that is why I urge my col-leagues to bring it to the floor by sup-porting this rule. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, President Trump has been relentless on his attack on immi-grant Americans, generally, and, in particular, DREAMers since he took of-fice. Yet 82 percent of American voters, including about 70 percent of Repub-licans, believe DREAMers should be al-lowed to stay in the U.S. and apply for citizenship. Yet President Trump has continued to turn his back on these in-nocent young people. Mr. Speaker, here is our chance to rectify President Trump’s decision and restore the American people’s faith in us and our faith in our aspiring Ameri-cans. When we defeat the previous ques-tion, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up H.R. 3440, the Dream Act. This bipartisan, bicameral legisla-tion would help thousands of young people who are de facto Americans in every way except for on paper. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania). Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, by defeat-ing the previous question today, we can bring forward the Dream Act, which I am confident would pass on the floor of the House probably by a good margin. What the Dream Act does is it allows young people who grew up in our coun-try, who know no other country, a pathway to become citizens. They have gone to our schools, they have been on the football team or cheerleaders like your own kids or grandkids, Mr. Speak-er. They are able to work legally in our country because of the deferred action program, which is scheduled by Presi-dent Trump to be canceled in 41⁄2 months. We need to act now to give these young people the certainty they need to live their lives as Americans, the only country they know, and the only country that they are loyal to. We simply don’t have time to waste. We need to give these young de facto Americans the certainty they need to continue with their lives to be able to contribute to our country, join our military, pay taxes, and all of the other responsibilities that Americans have. Of course, Mr. Speaker, protecting whistleblowers is important. It is crit-ical to ensure that our democracy func-tions honestly and with accountability and government is truly working in the best interests of the people that it serves. But we could get there a better way, by having an open process that al-lows Democrats and Republicans to suggest further improvements to whis-tleblower protection rather than hav-ing a bill that was never marked up in committee, that simply appeared fully formed for the full House to consider without the opportunity for Democrats or Republicans to make it any better. The Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick Whistle-blower Protection Act will strengthen the rights of whistleblowers and reaf-firm their value and importance to our country. But once again, this bill should have gone through a regular process that allowed us to amend it. The fact that this bill passed the Senate with bipartisan support shouldn’t stop us from making changes in this body, the House of Representa-tives, to improve the bill and make it work even better. We have an obliga-tion to our constituents to thought-fully consider every piece of legislation in front of us and to amend where we see fit. As we move forward on addressing the pressing issues in front of us, such as finding a path forward on deferred action, which we will present if we can defeat the previous question, reauthor-izing CHIP, or making improvements in our healthcare system, let’s do it through a regular process that allows Democrats and Republicans, the 435 of us who serve here, to bring forward our ideas, not just the ideas of leadership in making the country a better place. We have good, smart, deliberate Members on both sides of the aisle who want to work, want to legislate. It is ridiculous that we only have 30 days out of the next 78 in which Congress 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11OC7.024 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7934 October 11, 2017 
will even be working, and I suspect for most of the 30 days, like today, Demo-crats and Republicans won’t even be able to offer their ideas and have them considered. The American people de-serve better. We as an institution, as the United States Congress, can do better, and we can begin by defeating the previous question and defeating the rule. Mr. Speaker, that is why I urge my colleagues to oppose the rule, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentle-man’s concern, especially for the piece of legislation that is before us. I think it is a step forward and things that we should be doing and things that are the oversight role of this Congress, espe-cially when we are dealing with the issue of whistleblowers and the value that they bring, and also the culture that seems to have pervaded. I so appreciate the gentlewoman from Alabama and her stories. We, in Georgia, have had similar issues. We had that in the Augusta medical cen-ter. We also had it in others. I think the issue here today, though, and I want to be very clear, Mr. Speak-er, many times when we come to the floor, there is this discussion and it gets circulated that we are actually against all Federal employees, or that every Federal employee is bad, and that none of the Federal employees are worth their payment or whatever. That is just not true. The work of the vast majority of the VA employees, the workers of the vast majority of the agencies, although we may have philo-sophical differences on how big some of our agencies should be or if they should be in the role of Federal Government, at the end of the day, the value and the worth of the Federal employee is never questioned, at least by this Member. But when we find bad actors, when we find bad policies, when we find bad procedures, when we find things that inherently are wrong and they are kept wrong, as the gentlewoman from Ala-bama so well pointed out, that when the culture becomes protecting the bad and punishing the good, then we have an issue that has developed far beyond the scope of what it should be. These are some of the things that we are discussing today, and I think it is worth the time on this floor, it is worth the time on the Senate floor, as they have already passed this bill, and I think the concerns raised are the dis-cussion of which has been addressed in this. I think what we look at today is to-day’s bill is a necessary step, but I be-lieve toward integrity, Mr. Speaker. My colleagues and I owe it to our neighbors and to Federal employees who serve to increase whistleblower protections. We need a clear path for public servants to serve Americans with the knowledge that we will honor their good character and courage. They should not feel alone in their resolve to improve the VA or any other agency. Yet too often, we have seen the current law leave them at the mercy of bad ac-tors. We must strengthen the existing statutes to address the litany of retal-iations aimed at whistleblowers. The bill today will deter agency offi-cials from targeting whistleblowers for shining a light on dark flaws in their organization. Bad actors are even today evading discipline while whistle-blowers who strive to do what is right too often endure punishment for their brave actions. The whistleblowers are on the losing end of a system that often favors mis-chief, which means that the American public also suffers. This bill will bring relief to Federal truth tellers and the everyday Americans who depend on their services. We best serve the American people by protecting whistleblowers, addressing their concerns properly, and inves-tigating their claims with trans-parency. b1315 The Federal Government exists to protect its citizens by holding wrong-doers accountable. It is designed to support those who work to root out wrongs in the system. The underlying legislation brings us closer to a Federal system run by the people and for the benefit of the people, not for the benefit of a few bad actors who exploit its structure. It delivers justice to both victims and bad actors, protects whistleblowers who act in good faith, and ensures that the Amer-ican Government better serves the American people. At the end of the day, Mr. Speaker, is that not what it is all about? At the end of the day, is it not what we as a Congress and as a House and a Senate should be about, and that is assuring that the people who we are elected to serve are best served by their own tax dollars through the agencies and proc-esses of the Federal Government to provide basic services to our veterans, who serve in our other agencies, who, at the core of this, actually comes down—to me, this is a protection of whistleblowers. But in a bigger role, it is actually a protection of the currency that is the best that can be used in our Federal agencies, and that is the trust of the American people. When we are in the discussion of trust in the American people, right now, many times, if you look around, the Federal Government may not be in that trusted role because many times they see the actions of the bad actors as opposed to many times the very shining lights of the good actors. Those good actors who are willing to partici-pate and to step forward and to be a part of the solution and not a part of the problem need that protection. We cannot continue to perpetuate and turn a blind eye when this is so rel-evant in our government. When we do this, we stand for those whom we serve. We stand, not only for the districts in which we are elected, but the American people who have taken to this institu-tion to say: I expect my trust to be ex-emplified in the employees of the Fed-eral Government and through the stew-ardship of their tax dollars. The question for us today is not do we continue to protect the system that is broken, but the question for us is to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this previous question, to move this rule, and to move this bill, because this is saying we value that integrity currency, we value those who are willing to step forward at risk of themselves, in courage, to say: This is wrong, we need to fix it, and let the chips fall where they may. We protect the right. We punish the wrong. That is what this bill does. The material previously referred to by Mr. P
OLIS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 562 O FFERED BY  M
R. POLIS At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 5. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 3440) to authorize the cancellation of removal and adjustment of status of certain individuals who are long- term United States residents and who en-tered the United States as children and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the con-clusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no reso-lution on the bill, then on the next legisla-tive day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. S
EC. 6. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 3440. T
HEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11OC7.025 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7935 October 11, 2017 
ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R-Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 234, noes 185, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 561] AYES—234 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crist Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Peters Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—185 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Conyers Cooper Correa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—14 
Barletta Bridenstine Buchanan Connolly DesJarlais Hanabusa Huffman Kelly (PA) Long Marino Meehan Perry Smucker Thompson (CA) 
b1350 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2105, the NIST Small Business Cyberse-curity Act of 2017, a bipartisan effort to help small businesses implement the NIST Cybersecurity Framework for Critical Infrastructure. I thank Mr. W
EBSTER for his work on the bill and all of my colleagues on the Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee for their support of the bill. I would also like to thank Senator S
CHATZ and my colleagues in the Sen-ate for working to pass the companion version over there, which I hope that we can follow suit on here today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC7.006 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7938 October 11, 2017 
The NIST cybersecurity framework provides valuable guidance on cyberse-curity best practices for organizations of all sizes, but small businesses often don’t have the time or resources to fig-ure out how to adapt it to their needs and implement it. This bill directs NIST to create clear guidelines, tools, and best practices specifically for small businesses so that they can pro-tect their networked resources. Most small businesses do not have significant IT departments. Some do not even have any dedicated informa-tion security personnel. Thus, they may be more at risk of cyber attack than large enterprises. According to data released last month, 53 percent of American busi-nesses of all sizes suffered a cyber at-tack in the past year. Of those, 72 per-cent spent more than $5,000 to inves-tigate and recover. A 2016 report found that 42 percent of businesses suffered a cyber attack of some kind. Incidents like these do not only hurt individual small-business owners, em-ployees, and customers, they hurt American competitiveness. In my district in the southwest sub-urbs of Chicago, there is a fourth-gen-eration family manufacturing business that has suffered multiple sophisti-cated phishing attacks. The few times they have fallen victim to these at-tacks, the costs have been significant. The owners have told me that they would welcome guidance on affordable, off-the-shelf resources to strengthen their cyber defenses and let them get back to focusing on their business. This is a story repeated across the country. That is why we must act, and we must pass this bill for our small businesses. The guidelines created under this bill, like the NIST frame-work, will be voluntary, so we won’t be adding to the regulatory burden on small businesses. Instead, we will be of-fering them an opportunity to secure their networks so that they can com-pete on a level playing field. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
UNN). Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R. 2105, the National In-stitute of Standards and Technology Small Business Cybersecurity Act. This bipartisan legislation instructs the Director of NIST, in consultation with other Federal agencies, to dis-seminate guidance to help small busi-nesses identify, assess, manage, and re-duce their cybersecurity risks. As a small-business owner, I am honored to be a cosponsor of this bill. We know the importance of keeping all records safe and secure from outside threats. With the recent hacking of Equifax and many others, there is clearly a growing risk of online hack-ing and cyber warfare in the world today. It is imperative that we ensure that the backbone of our economy, our small- and medium-size businesses, have the resources they need to stay safe. I strongly believe that the businesses in Florida’s Second District would ben-efit from this vital information, which will help them keep their data safe and secure. By increasing cybersecurity ef-forts, we are protecting both small businesses and their millions of cus-tomers across the country. This bill doesn’t cost the taxpayers anything, but it could potentially save small-business owners and consumers both their privacy and livelihoods. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE B
ERNICE JOHNSON ), the ranking mem-ber of the Science, Space, and Tech-nology Committee. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2105, the NIST Small Business Cy-bersecurity Act of 2017, which directs the National Institute of Standards and Technology to provide more guid-ance, resources, and tools to small businesses to improve their cybersecu-rity and protect the personal informa-tion of their customers. According to the Small Business Ad-ministration, the 28 million small busi-nesses in America account for 54 per-cent of all U.S. sales and 55 percent of all U.S. jobs. Small businesses play a central role in our economy. Unfortunately, the information sys-tems and networks of small businesses are especially vulnerable to an increas-ing volume and sophistication of cyber attacks. Small businesses rarely have employees or leadership with education or training in cybersecurity. Further, small businesses typically have limited resources to invest in cybersecurity. The National Institute of Standards and Technology, or NIST, is a leader in developing standards and guidelines for cybersecurity in both the public and private sectors. In 2009, NIST developed a guidance document called, ‘‘Small Business Information Security: The Fundamentals.’’ The document de-scribed the fundamentals of an effec-tive small-business information secu-rity program in nontechnical language. In 2014, in response to an executive order from President Obama, NIST published the Cybersecurity Frame-work for Critical Infrastructure. The cybersecurity framework, as written, is most useful for larger businesses with at least some cybersecurity expertise. Therefore, in November 2016, NIST pub-lished an update of their small-business guidance document using the frame-work as a template. These are just two examples of how NIST has long privatized supporting small-business efforts to strengthen cy-bersecurity. The requirements of H.R. 2105 are consistent with these ongoing efforts and help ensure that they will continue. Ideally, H.R. 2105 would have also provided resources for NIST to expand these activities because the need is very clear. We cannot effectively sup-port small business in this country un-less we provide the relevant govern-ment agencies the resources to help protect those businesses from cyber threats. Mr. Speaker, I support H.R. 2105, and I thank the sponsors, including Mr. WEBSTER , Mr. L IPINSKI , and Ms. R OSEN , for their strong support for small busi-nesses and NIST’s important role in cy-bersecurity. However, I am concerned that the House bill contains an explicit unfunded mandate clause and that the Senate passed a version that is silent in funding. I hope Congress will provide NIST the adequate resources to fulfill the mandates in this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of the bill. Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH), chairman of the committee. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida (Mr. W
EBSTER ) for yielding me time and for introducing H.R. 2105, the NIST Small Business Cybersecurity Act. This important and timely bipartisan bill, cosponsored by 17 Members of Con-gress and approved by the Science Committee by voice vote, directs the National Institute of Standards and Technology to provide small businesses with cybersecurity guidelines, tools, best practices, standards, and meth-odologies necessary to better protect themselves from cyber attacks. Small businesses help produce a thriving economy that benefits our en-tire country. They bring innovative ideas, cutting-edge products and serv-ices, and jobs to the marketplace. In my home State, for example, there are more than 2.4 million small businesses that employ almost 4.5 million Texans. Major cyber attacks dominate news coverage, such as the Equifax or Yahoo hacks that impacted millions and bil-lions of people. But small businesses, which often do not have sufficient in-formation to adequately monitor and protect their computer systems, are frequently the target of cyber attacks, as well. A 2016 Symantec report notes that cyber attacks against businesses with fewer than 250 employees have grown from 18 percent in 2011 to 43 percent in 2015. This bill can help those busi-nesses. October is National Cybersecurity Awareness Month, so it is appropriate that we consider a bill designed to help protect small businesses from cyberse-curity attacks. Today’s legislation pro-vides small businesses with NIST ex-pertise to reduce their cybersecurity risk. NIST experts developed a cybersecu-rity framework through collaboration between the government and the pri-vate sector. This framework is accept-ed and used by many private organiza-tions to address and manage their in-formation technology vulnerabilities in a cost-effective way. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11OC7.035 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7939 October 11, 2017 
The guidance described in this bill to help small businesses is based on the NIST cybersecurity framework. H.R. 2105 prioritizes dissemination of this guidance by NIST within its almost $1 billion budget. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to show their support for small business by approving Mr. W
EBSTER ’s fiscally responsible, innovation protection bill today. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 2 minutes to the gentle-woman from Virginia (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ), the chairwoman of the subcommittee. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2105. When I travel around my district, which is rich with technology workers, the thing that I hear repeated concern about is the increasing need for indi-viduals with the skill set, education, training, and knowledge of cybersecu-rity matters. With the recent events with Equifax, WannaCry, and OPM breaches, it is clear that our cybersecurity infrastruc-ture needs to be strengthened. In December 2016, the Commission on Enhancing National Cybersecurity spe-cifically recommended that the admin-istration should ‘‘develop concrete ef-forts to support and strengthen the cy-bersecurity of small- and medium-sized businesses.’’ With small businesses accounting for most of the U.S. economy’s jobs and sales, it is imperative that we provide guidance to help them identify, assess, manage, and reduce their cybersecurity risks. By making these resources read-ily available to small businesses across the country, this commonsense legisla-tion will help them protect their sen-sitive data and business from cyber threats so they can grow our economy and provide more jobs instead. I am proud to be an original cospon-sor of this measure, the NIST Small Business Cybersecurity Act, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on its pas-sage. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Florida (Mr. W
EBSTER ) for his leadership on this legislation. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. N
ORMAN ). b1415 Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2105, the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Tech-nology Small Business Cybersecurity Act. This bill directs the National In-stitute of Standards and Technology to issue guidance for small businesses to use voluntarily to assist them in iden-tifying and assessing, managing, and reducing the cybersecurity risk. As has been said, small businesses in the U.S. account for 54 percent of sales and 55 percent of U.S. jobs. However, a 2016 Symantec Internet Security Threat Report indicated that busi-nesses with less than 250 employees are facing increased cybersecurity threats, up from 18 percent in 2011 to 43 percent in 2015. Mr. Speaker, I recently passed our real estate small business to my son Warren, so I understand the impor-tance of equipping small businesses with the tools that will enable them to meet the emerging challenges. I urge passage of H.R. 2105, which will help prepare small businesses in the fu-ture, and I urge my colleagues to pass it. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. BACON ). Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Small Busi-ness Cybersecurity Act, a bill that I am proud to cosponsor. This legislation will help promote stronger cybersecu-rity practices amongst our Nation’s small businesses, and it is fiscally re-sponsible. The well-being of our small busi-nesses is important to the overall health of our economy. According to the Small Business Administration, small businesses account for 55 percent of total jobs in the United States. In my home State of Nebraska, small businesses employed 390,000 people in 2016. Some small businesses are not able to prioritize cybersecurity efforts over other aspects of their business or they lack the resources to secure their net-works and systems. We must promote greater preparedness to protect small businesses from cyber attacks. H.R. 2105 directs NIST to disseminate guidance to help small businesses iden-tify, assess, manage, and reduce their cyber risks based off NIST’s extensive expertise. This is a big step towards promoting better cybersecurity prac-tices amongst our Nation’s small busi-nesses. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2105. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, we all have come down here and talked about the importance of small business. We know how impor-tant small businesses are to our coun-try, the real engine of our economic growth. We also know that, in most small businesses today, they don’t have the capabilities to have an IT department or the expertise that they need to pro-tect themselves from the continual cyber attacks, the theft of data that we hear about. But those attacks and that theft of data does not only happen for large companies; it is also a threat to small businesses. Therefore, we need to do all that we can to make sure that they are capable of protecting them-selves so that our small businesses can continue to thrive and be the economic engine that they are. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. We get something good done for our small businesses. I urge them to support this, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I thank those from both sides— Ranking Member LIPINSKI , Chairman S
MITH, and others—who have supported this bill. It is a great idea. It is an op-portunity to not only have available for us, it has bipartisan support and also bicameral support. This is a good opportunity to help all small busi-nesses. I know personally from my business and I know others who have small busi-nesses who know that there is, in a sense, very little help right now for small businesses in this area of cyber-security. The larger businesses cer-tainly have their own IT people; we don’t. So I am excited about the fact that this could happen, and I move pas-sage. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ARTON ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. W
EBSTER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2105, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
THE SMALL BUSINESS INNOVA-TION RESEARCH AND SMALL BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY TRANS-FER IMPROVEMENTS ACT OF 2017 Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2763) to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to improve the Small Business Innovation Research program and Small Business Technology Transfer program, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2763 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as ‘‘The Small Business Innovation Research and Small Business Technology Transfer Im-provements Act of 2017’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title, table of contents. Sec. 2. Requiring insertion incentives. Sec. 3. Additional SBIR and STTR tech-nology insertion reporting re-quirement. Sec. 4. Encouraging innovation in United States manufacturing. Sec. 5. Encouraging innovation in cyberse-curity. Sec. 6. Compliance of Phase III awards with competitive procedures. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\K11OC7.036 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7940 October 11, 2017 
Sec. 7. Improvements to technical and busi-ness assistance in the SBIR and STTR programs. Sec. 8. Procurement center representatives and other acquisition personnel in the SBIR and STTR pro-grams. Sec. 9. Increased outreach requirements. Sec. 10. Annual meeting. Sec. 11. Establishing the Civilian Agency Commercialization Readiness Program. Sec. 12. Commercialization assistance pilot programs. Sec. 13. Phase 0 Proof of Concept Partner-ship Pilot Program. Sec. 14. Reporting requirements. Sec. 15. SBIR Phase flexibility. Sec. 16. Extension of deadline for assistance for administrative, oversight, and contract processing costs. 
SEC. 2. REQUIRING INSERTION INCENTIVES. 
Section 9(y)(5) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(y)(5)) is amended by striking ‘‘is authorized to’’ and inserting. ‘‘shall’’. 
SEC. 3. ADDITIONAL SBIR AND STTR TECH-NOLOGY INSERTION REPORTING RE-QUIREMENT. 
Section 9(y)(6) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(y)(6)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (C)(iii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this subparagraph, and not later than December 31 of each year thereafter, submit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives, and to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate, a report describing the goals set under subparagraph (A) and the incentives used or created under subparagraph (B).’’. 
SEC. 4. ENCOURAGING INNOVATION IN UNITED STATES MANUFACTURING. 
Section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(tt) E
NCOURAGING INNOVATION IN UNITED  S
TATES MANUFACTURING .—In carrying out this section, the Administrator shall— ‘‘(1) ensure that, in selecting small busi-ness concerns to participate in SBIR or STTR programs under this section, Federal agencies give high priority to small manu-facturing companies and other small busi-ness concerns engaged in or planning to en-gage in manufacturing research and develop-ment for the purpose of developing and pro-ducing new products and technologies in the United States; and’’ ‘‘(2) include in the annual report to Con-gress under subsection (b)(7) a determination of whether the priority described in para-graph (1) is being carried out.’’. 
SEC. 5. ENCOURAGING INNOVATION IN CYBERSE-CURITY. 
Section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638), as amended by section 4, is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection. ‘‘(uu) E
NCOURAGING INNOVATION IN CYBER -
SECURITY .—In carrying out this section, the Administrator shall— ‘‘(1) ensure that, in selecting small busi-ness concerns to participate in SBIR or STIR programs under this section, Federal agen-cies engaged in cybersecurity research give high priority to small business concerns that are engaged in cybersecurity research and development, for the purpose of developing and implementing technology services and products to strengthen the security of United States Government and private com-puter systems, including software, hardware, and portable devices; and ‘‘(2) include in the annual report to Con-gress under subsection (b)(7) a determination of whether the priority described in para-graph (1) is being carried out.’’ SEC. 6. COMPLIANCE OF PHASE III AWARDS WITH COMPETITIVE PROCEDURES. 
Section 9(r)(4) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(r)(4)) is amended by inserting ‘‘as direct follow-on awards issued without further competition’’ after ‘‘developed the technology’’ 
SEC. 7. IMPROVEMENTS TO TECHNICAL AND BUSINESS ASSISTANCE IN THE SBIR AND STTR PROGRAMS. 
Section 9(q) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(q)) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by inserting ‘‘
ANDBUSINESS ’’ after ‘‘T ECHNICAL ’’; (2) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘a vendor selected under paragraph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘1 or more ven-dors selected under paragraph (2)(A)’’; (ii) by inserting ‘‘and business’’ before ‘‘as-sistance services’’; and (iii) by inserting ‘‘assistance with product sales, intellectual property protections, mar-ket research, market validation, and devel-opment of regulatory plans and manufac-turing plans,’’ after ‘‘technologies,’’; and (B) in subparagraph (D), by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding intellectual property protections’’ before the period at the end; (3) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘Each agency may select a vendor to assist small business concerns to meet’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
NGENERAL .—Each agency may select 1 or more vendors from which small business concerns may obtain assistance in meeting’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: (B) S
ELECTION BY SMALL BUSINESS CON -
CERN .—A small business concern may, by contract or otherwise, select 1 or more ven-dors to assist the small business concern in meeting the goals listed in paragraph (1).’’; and (4) in paragraph (3)— (A) by inserting ‘‘(A)’’ after ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ each place it appears; (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘$5,000 per year’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘$6,500 per project’’; (C) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘$5,000 per year’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘$35,000 per project’’; and (ii) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘which shall be in addition to the amount of the recipi-ent’s award’’ and inserting ‘‘which may, as determined appropriate by the head of the agency, be included as part of the recipient’s award or be in addition to the amount of the recipient’s award’’; (D) in subparagraph (C)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or business’’ after ‘‘tech-nical’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘the vendor’’ and inserting ‘‘a vendor’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Business-related services aimed at improv-ing the commercialization success of a small business concern may be obtained from an entity, such as a public or private organiza-tion or an agency of or other entity estab-lished or funded by a State that facilitates or accelerates the commercialization of technologies or assists in the creation and growth of private enterprises that are com-mercializing technology.’’; (E) in subparagraph (D)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or business’’ after ‘‘tech-nical’’ each place it appears; and (ii) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘the vendor’’ and inserting ‘‘1 or more vendors’’; and (F) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: (E) MULTIPLE AWARD RECIPIENTS .—The Ad- ministrator shall establish a limit on the amount of technical and business assistance services that may be received or purchased under subparagraph (B) by a small business concern that has received multiple Phase II SBIR or STTR awards for a fiscal year.’’. 
SEC. 8. PROCUREMENT CENTER REPRESENTA-TIVES AND OTHER ACQUISITION PERSONNEL IN THE SBIR AND STTR PROGRAMS. 
(a) D EFINITION OF SENIOR PROCUREMENT EX-
ECUTIVE .—Section 9(e) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(e)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (12)(B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (13)(B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(14) the term ‘senior procurement execu-tive’ means an official designated under sec-tion 1702(c) of title 41, United States Code, as the senior procurement executive of a Fed-eral agency participating in a SBIR or STTR program.’’. (b) I
NCLUSION OF SENIOR PROCUREMENT EX-
ECUTIVES IN SBIR ANDSTTR.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 9(b) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(b)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (9), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(10) to coordinate, where appropriate, with the senior procurement executive of the relevant Federal agency to assist small busi-ness concerns participating in a SBIR or STTR program with commercializing re-search developed under such a program be-fore such small business concern is awarded a contract from such Federal agency.’’. (2) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 9(b)(3) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(b)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end. (c) M
ODIFICATIONS RELATING TO PROCURE -
MENT CENTER REPRESENTATIVES AND OTHER  A
CQUISITION PERSONNEL .— (1) SBIR 
AMENDMENT .—Section 9(j) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(j)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) M
ODIFICATIONS RELATING TO PROCURE -
MENT CENTER REPRESENTATIVES .—Upon the enactment of this paragraph, the Adminis-trator shall modify the policy directives issued pursuant to this subsection to require procurement center representatives (as de-scribed in section 15(l)) to coordinate with the appropriate contracting officer or SBIR program officer, and the appropriate Direc-tor of Small and Disadvantaged Business Utilization established pursuant to section 15(k) for the agency letting the contract, to assist small business concerns participating in the SBIR program, particularly in Phase III. The procurement center representatives shall coordinate with the appropriate con-tracting officer and the appropriate Director of the Office of Small and Disadvantaged Business Utilization established pursuant to section 15(k) for the agency letting the con-tract.’’. (2) STTR 
AMENDMENT .—Section 9(p)(2) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(p)(2)) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (E)(ii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (F), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC7.033 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7941 October 11, 2017 
‘‘(G) procedures to ensure that procure-ment center representatives (as described in section 15(l))— ‘‘(i) coordinate with the appropriate con-tracting officer or STTR program officer, and the appropriate Director of Small and Disadvantaged Business Utilization estab-lished pursuant to section 15(k) for the agen-cy letting the contract, to assist small busi-ness concerns participating in the STTR pro-gram, particularly in Phase III; and ‘‘(ii) coordinate with the appropriate con-tracting officer and the appropriate Director of the Office of Small and Disadvantaged Business Utilization established pursuant to section 15(k) for the Federal agency letting the contract in providing the assistance de-scribed in clause (i); and’’. (d) A
MENDMENT TO DUTIES OF PROCUREMENT  C
ENTER REPRESENTATIVES .—Section 15(l)(2) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(l)(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (I), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) by redesignating subparagraph (J) as subparagraph (L); and (3) by inserting after subparagraph (I) the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(J) coordinate with the appropriate con-tracting officer or SBIR or STTR program officer, and the appropriate Director of Small and Disadvantaged Business Utiliza-tion established pursuant to section 15(k) for the agency letting the contract, to assist small business concerns participating in a SBIR or STTR program under section 9 with Phase III; ‘‘(K) coordinate with the appropriate con-tracting officer and the appropriate Director of the Office of Small and Disadvantaged Business Utilization established pursuant to subsection (k) for the agency letting the con-tract; and’’. (e) A
MENDMENT TO THE DUTIES OF THE DI-
RECTOR OF SMALL AND DISADVANTAGED BUSI-
NESS UTILIZATION FOR FEDERAL AGENCIES .— Section 15(k) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(k)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (19), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (20), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(21) shall coordinate with the appropriate contracting officer of SBIR or STTR pro-gram officer to assist small business con-cerns participating in a SBIR or STTR pro-gram under section 9 with researching appli-cable solicitations for the award of a Federal contract (particularly with the Federal agen-cy that has a funding agreement (as defined under section 9) with the concern) to market the research developed by such concern under such SBIR or STTR program; and ‘‘(22) shall provide technical assistance to small business concerns participating in a SBIR or STTR program under section 9 to submit a bid for an award of a Federal con-tract, including coordination with procure-ment center representatives and the appro-priate senior procurement executive for the agency letting the contract.’’. 
SEC. 9. INCREASED OUTREACH REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) SBIR 
AMENDMENT .—Section 9(j) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(j)), as amended by section 8, is further amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(5) I
NCREASED OUTREACH REQUIREMENTS .— Upon the enactment of this paragraph, the Administrator shall modify the policy direc-tives issued pursuant to this subsection to require outreach efforts to increase the par-ticipation in technological innovation under the SBIR programs among individuals con-ducting research at minority institutions (as defined in section 365(3) of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965) and Hispanic-serving in-stitutions (as defined in section 502(a)(5) of such Act).’’. (2) STTR AMENDMENT .—Section 9(p)(2) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(p)(2)), as amended by section 8, is further amended by adding at the end the following new sub-paragraph: ‘‘(H) procedures for outreach efforts to in-crease the participation in technological in-novation under the SBIR programs among individuals conducting research at minority institutions (as defined in section 365(3) of the Higher Education Act of 1965) and His-panic-serving institutions (as defined in sec-tion 502(a)(5) of such Act).’’. (b) F
UNDING FOR OUTREACH .—Section 9(mm)(1) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(mm)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (I), by striking the ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (J), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(K) the outreach efforts described under subsections (j)(4) and (p)(2)(G); and’’. 
SEC. 10. ANNUAL MEETING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638), as amended by section 5, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(vv) A
NNUAL MEETING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The head of each Federal agency required to have a program under this section (or a designee) and the Adminis-trator (or a designee) shall meet annually to discuss methods— ‘‘(A) to improve the collection of data under this section; ‘‘(B) to improve the reporting of data to the Administrator under this section; ‘‘(C) to make the application processes for programs under this section more efficient; and ‘‘(D) to increase participation in the pro-grams established under this section. ‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which an annual meeting re-quired under paragraph (1) is held, the Ad-ministrator shall submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives, a report on the findings of such meeting and recommendations on how to im-plement changes to programs under this sec-tion.’’. (b) F
UNDING FOR ANNUAL MEETING .—Sec- tion 9(mm)(1) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(mm)(1)) as amended by section 9, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(L) the annual meeting required under subsection (vv).’’. 
SEC. 11. ESTABLISHING THE CIVILIAN AGENCY COMMERCIALIZATION READINESS PROGRAM. 
Section 9(gg) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(gg)) is amended— (1) by amending the subsection heading to read as follows: ‘‘C
IVILIAN AGENCY COMMER -
CIALIZATION READINESS PROGRAM ’’; (2) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘to estab-lish a Civilian Agency Commercialization Readiness Program for civilian agencies’’ after ‘‘the covered Federal agency’’; (3) in paragraph (2)(A)— (A) by striking ‘‘establish a pilot program’’ and inserting ‘‘establish a Civilian Agency Commercialization Readiness Program under this subsection’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘the pilot program’’ and in-serting ‘‘such Civilian Agency Commer-cialization Readiness Program’’; (4) in paragraphs (3) and (4), by striking ‘‘a pilot program’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘a Civilian Commercialization Readiness Program’’; (5) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘the pilot program’’ and inserting ‘‘a Civilian Agency Commercialization Readiness Program’’; (6) by striking. paragraph (7) and redesig-nating paragraph (8) as paragraph (7); and (7) in paragraph (7) (as so redesignated), by amending subparagraph (B) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(B) the term ‘Civilian Agency Commer-cialization Readiness Program’ means each program established under paragraph (1).’’. SEC. 12. COMMERCIALIZATION ASSISTANCE PILOT PROGRAMS. 
Section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638), as amended by section 10, is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(ww) C
OMMERCIALIZATION ASSISTANCE  P
ILOT PROGRAMS .— ‘‘(1) P
ILOT PROGRAMS IMPLEMENTED .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this sub-section, a covered agency shall implement a commercialization assistance pilot program, under which an eligible entity may receive a subsequent Phase II SBIR award. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—If the Administrator de-termines that a covered agency has a pro-gram that is sufficiently similar to the com-mercialization assistance pilot program es-tablished under this subsection, such covered agency shall not be required to implement a commercialization assistance pilot program under this subsection. ‘‘(2) P
ERCENT OF AGENCY FUNDS .—The head of each covered agency may allocate not more than 5 percent of the funds allocated to the SBIR program of the covered agency for the purpose of making a subsequent Phase II SBIR award under the commercialization as-sistance pilot program. ‘‘(3) T
ERMINATION .—A commercialization assistance pilot program established under this subsection shall terminate on Sep-tember 30, 2022. ‘‘(4) A
PPLICATION .—To be selected to re-ceive a subsequent Phase II SBIR award under a commercialization assistance pilot program, an eligible entity shall submit to the covered agency implementing such pilot program an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the covered agency may require, including— ‘‘(A) an updated Phase II commercializa-tion plan; and ‘‘(B) the source and amount of the match-ing funding required under paragraph (5). ‘‘(5) M
ATCHING FUNDING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall require, as a condition of any subsequent Phase II SBIR award made to an eligible en-tity under this subsection, that a matching amount (excluding any fees collected by the eligible entity receiving such award) equal to the amount of such award be provided from an eligible third-party investor. ‘‘(B) I
NELIGIBLE SOURCES .—An eligible enti-ty may not use funding from ineligible sources to meet the matching requirement of subparagraph (A). ‘‘(6) A
WARD .—A subsequent Phase II SBIR award made to an eligible entity under this sub-section— ‘‘(A) may not exceed the limitation de-scribed under subsection (aa)(1); and ‘‘(B) shall be disbursed during Phase II. ‘‘(7) U
SE OF FUNDS .—The funds awarded to an eligible entity under this subsection may only be used for research and development activities that build on eligible entity’s Phase II program and ensure the research funded under such Phase II is rapidly pro-gressing towards commercialization. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC7.035 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7942 October 11, 2017 
‘‘(8) S ELECTION .—In selecting eligible enti-ties to participate in a commercialization assistance pilot program under this sub-section, the head of a covered agency shall consider— ‘‘(A) the extent to which such award could aid the eligible entity in commercializing the research funded under the eligible enti-ty’s Phase II program; ‘‘(B) whether the updated Phase II com-mercialization plan submitted under para-graph (4) provides a sound approach for es-tablishing technical feasibility that could lead to commercialization of such research; ‘‘(C) whether the proposed activities to be conducted under such updated Phase II com-mercialization plan further improve the like-lihood that such research will provide soci-etal benefits; ‘‘(D) whether the small business concern has progressed satisfactorily in Phase II to justify receipt of a subsequent Phase II SBIR award; ‘‘(E) the expectations of the eligible third- party investor that provides matching fund-ing under paragraph (5); and ‘‘(F) the likelihood that the proposed ac-tivities to be conducted under such updated Phase II commercialization plan using matching funding provided by such eligible third-party investor will lead to commercial and societal benefit. ‘‘(9) E
VALUATION REPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of the enactment of this subsection, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate, a report including— ‘‘(A) a summary of the activities of com-mercialization assistance pilot programs carried out under this subsection; ‘‘(B) a detailed compilation of results achieved by such commercialization assist-ance pilot programs, including the number of eligible entities that received awards under such programs; ‘‘(C) the rate at which each eligible entity that received a subsequent Phase II SBIR award under this subsection commercialized research of the recipient; ‘‘(D) the growth in employment and rev-enue of eligible entities that is attributable to participation in a commercialization as-sistance pilot program; ‘‘(E) a comparison of commercialization success of eligible entities participating in a commercialization assistance pilot program with recipients of an additional Phase II SBIR award under subsection (ff); ‘‘(F) demographic information, such as eth-nicity and geographic location, of eligible entities participating in a commercialization assistance pilot program; ‘‘(G) an accounting of the funds used at each covered agency that implements a com-mercialization assistance pilot program under this subsection; ‘‘(H) the amount of matching funding pro-vided by eligible third-party investors, set forth separately by source of funding; ‘‘(I) an analysis of the effectiveness of the commercialization assistance pilot program implemented by each covered agency; and ‘‘(J) recommendations for improvements to the commercialization assistance pilot program. ‘‘(10) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this subsection: ‘‘(A) C
OVERED AGENCY .—The term ‘covered agency’ means a Federal agency required to have an SBIR program. ‘‘(B) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible entity’ means a small business concern that has received a Phase II award under an SBIR program and an additional Phase II SBIR award under subsection (ff) from the covered agency to which such small business concern is applying for a subsequent Phase II SBIR award. ‘‘(C) ELIGIBLE THIRD -PARTY INVESTOR .—The term ‘eligible third-party investor’ means a small business concern other than an eligible entity, a venture capital firm, an individual investor, a non-SBIR Federal, State or local government, or any combination thereof. ‘‘(D) I
NELIGIBLE SOURCES .—The term ‘ineli-gible sources’ means the following: ‘‘(i) The eligible entity’s internal research and development funds. ‘‘(ii) Funding in forms other than cash, such as in-kind or other intangible assets. ‘‘(iii) Funding from the owners of the eligi-ble entity, or the family members or affili-ates of such owners. ‘‘(iv) Funding attained through loans or other forms of debt obligations. ‘‘(E) S
UBSEQUENT PHASE II SBIR AWARD .— The term ‘subsequent Phase II SBIR award’ means an award granted to an eligible entity under tins subsection to carry out further commercialization activities for research conducted pursuant to an SBIR program.’’. 
SEC. 13. PHASE 0 PROOF OF CONCEPT PARTNER-SHIP PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NCLUSION OF ADDITIONAL AGENCIES IN  P
ILOT PROGRAM .—Section 9(jj) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(jj) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘The Director of the Na-tional Institutes of Health’’ and inserting ‘‘Each covered agency head’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘the Director’’ and insert-ing ‘‘each covered agency head’’; (2) by amending subparagraph (A) of para-graph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) the term ‘covered agency head’ means the Director of the National Institutes of Health, the Director of the National Science Foundation, the Administrator of the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion and the Secretary of Energy;’’; (3) in paragraph (4)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘The Director’’ and inserting ‘‘Each covered agen-cy head’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘the Director shall consider, in addition to any other criteria the Director’’ and inserting ‘‘each covered agency head shall consider, in addition to any other criteria the appro-priate covered agency head’’; and (4) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘The Di-rector’’ and inserting ‘‘Each covered agency head’’. (b) E
XTENSION OF PILOT PROGRAM AUTHOR -
ITY.—Section 9(jj)(7) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(jj)(7)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘fiscal year 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2022’’. 
SEC. 14. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Section 9(b)(7) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(b)(7)) is amended by striking ‘‘to report not less than annually’’ and inserting ‘‘to submit a report not later than December 31 of each year’’. (b) A
NNUAL REPORT TO SBA AND THE OFFICE  
OFSCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY POLICY .—Sec- tion 9(g)(9) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(g)(9)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘make an annual report’’ and inserting ‘‘not later than March 30 of each year, submit a report’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘and the Office of Science and Technology Policy’’ and inserting ‘‘, the Office of Science and Technology Policy, the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology and the Committee on Small Busi-ness of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Small Business and Entrepre-neurship of the Senate’’. 
SEC. 15. SBIR PHASE FLEXIBILITY. 
Section 9(cc) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(cc)) is amended by striking ‘‘Dur-ing fiscal years’’ and all that follows through ‘‘may each provide’’ and inserting ‘‘During fiscal years 2018 through 2022, all agencies participating in the SBIR program may pro-vide’’. SEC. 16. EXTENSION OF DEADLINE FOR ASSIST-ANCE FOR ADMINISTRATIVE, OVER-SIGHT, AND CONTRACT PROCESSING COSTS. 
Section 9(mm)(1) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(mm)(1)), as amended by this Act, is further amended by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2022’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ) and the gentle-woman from Florida (Mrs. M
URPHY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bipartisan legisla-tion introduced by Chairman K
NIGHT  and Ranking Member M
URPHY of the Committee on Small Business’ Sub-committee on Contracting and Work-force aims to modernize and improve the Small Business Innovation Re-search and Small Business Technology Transfer, or SBIR and STTR, pro-grams. The SBIR and STTR programs have helped thousands of small businesses create new technologies, commer-cialize their ideas, and generate new jobs. While creating these benefits in the private sector, the programs offer, in a cost-effective manner, ways for Federal agencies to solve operational problems. H.R. 2763 strengthens these two programs in quite a few ways. First, the bill emphasizes agency ac-countability by creating several firm reporting deadlines for covered agen-cies and for the SBA to provide future Congresses with improved information that will lead to a better under-standing of the programs’ strengths and weaknesses. Second, the legislation clarifies the congressional intent of the 2011 reau-thorization to ensure that taxpayers reap the benefits of the SBIR and STTR programs by binding the tech-nologies developed in the programs to long-term projects at the Department of Defense. Third, the legislation extends a pop-ular pilot program included in the 2011 reauthorization that would allow all participating Federal agencies to award a phase II contract immediately if the agency finds that the small busi-ness concern has already completed work typically done during phase I. Fourth, it makes permanent the op-tion for all participating agencies to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC7.037 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7943 October 11, 2017 
establish commercialization readiness programs, or CRPs. As a pilot program from the 2011 reauthorization, these CRPs have been shown to provide much-needed support to small compa-nies nearing the completion of the process and have helped advance tech-nology to the commercialization phase. Fifth, it extends, through 2022, the provision that allows participating agencies to utilize 3 percent of their al-location for administrative functions, conduct outreach in an effort to bring more companies into the SBIR and STTR programs, and increase deter-rents to waste, fraud, and abuse. I want to thank Congressman K
NIGHT  and Congresswoman M
URPHY for the bi-partisan work on this important legis-lation. I would also like to thank Chairman S
MITH and Ranking Member J
OHNSON of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, as well as Chairwoman C
OMSTOCK and Ranking Member L
IPINSKI of the Subcommittee on Research and Technology, for work-ing together with us to produce this bi-partisan bill that we have before us this afternoon. I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2763, The Small Business Innovation Research and Small Business Tech-nology Transfer Improvements Act, which will modernize two programs that provide Federal funding to small technologically advanced firms to re-search and develop innovative prod-ucts. I am proud to have cosponsored this legislation with Congressman S
TEVE  K
NIGHT , and I am encouraged that my colleagues on the Small Business Com-mittee and the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee on both sides of the aisle support the bill. For decades, American innovation and ingenuity have bolstered our eco-nomic growth and solidified our coun-try’s status as a global leader in tech-nology; and for more than 30 years, the Small Business Innovation Research and Small Business Technology Trans-fer programs have provided a critical source of funding to small businesses that engage in research and develop-ment. These initiatives were estab-lished to help spur innovation and job creation throughout the country. Since the inception of the programs, more than $40 billion has been awarded to small, innovative firms to address our Nation’s most important research and development challenges. Because of the high-risk nature of their ven-tures, SBIR and STTR grantees receive R&D funding that might otherwise be unavailable in the private sector. As a direct result of the Federal in-vestment in these programs, break-throughs have been made in a wide range of sectors, including agriculture, defense, energy, and healthcare. In turn, these discoveries have generated tremendous economic growth and job opportunities across the country, in-cluding in central Florida. For many research companies in my district, these two programs serve as a gateway to the Federal contracting field. That is why I am honored to have cosponsored this bipartisan legislation. The final bill reflects bipartisan com-promises and input from both commit-tees of jurisdiction. Most importantly, it includes many provisions focused on developing innovative products that support important national priorities and that can be sold on the commercial market. To improve oversight of the program, the bill requires the Small Business Administration to submit an annual report to Congress no later than De-cember 31 of each year. This will enable us to better account for the use of funds and to better assess the progress of SBIR and STTR initiatives at par-ticipating agencies. Another provision makes permanent the pilot program that establishes the Civilian Agency Commercialization Readiness program, which allows up to 10 percent of agency administrative dollars for sequential phase II awards to eligible businesses. Finally, the bill includes an amend-ment that I authored to require par-ticipating Federal agencies to take ad-ditional steps to educate small firms about the SBIR and STTR programs and to encourage more small firms to apply for funding. After more than a decade of fits and starts with these two programs, H.R. 2763 will make program improvements and provide much-needed certainty to small businesses seeking to commer-cialize. By authorizing the administra-tive fee to run these programs for an additional 5 years beyond its current authorization, Congress is taking proactive steps to give small firms the confidence they need to continue devel-oping innovative products. I respectfully ask my colleagues to vote for this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. K
NIGHT ), who is the chairman of the Subcommittee on Contracting and Workforce on the Small Business Com-mittee. Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman for his hard work and for his leadership, and I want to thank my partner in this, Congress-woman M
URPHY , for her cosponsoring of this bill and for her work on this im-portant piece of legislation. A 21st century military requires a 21st century acquisition process, one that is agile, efficient, and effective. I represent California’s 25th District, and nowhere will you find a more ex-emplary place that demonstrates the important role that small businesses play in both our aerospace and defense industrial base. b1430 I see firsthand the innovative effect small businesses make and how they can positively impact government functioning. The Small Business Innovation Re-search and Small Business Technology Transfer—SBIR and STTR—programs are critical to this impact. Now that these programs have been reauthorized until 2022, it is important that we con-tinue to focus on spurring innovation. That is why I introduced H.R. 2763, the Small Business Innovation Re-search and Small Business Technology Transfer Improvements Act of 2017. My bill reinforces agency accountability by requiring the Small Business Ad-ministration to provide Congress with better information and reasonable, hard deadlines. It clarifies congres-sional intent of the previous authoriza-tion to ensure that taxpayers reap the benefits of SBIR and STTR programs by tying them to long-term projects at the DOD. It also allows participating agencies to establish a new, separate commercialization assistance pilot pro-gram and extends three popular pilot programs through FY 2022, when the full program will need a full reauthor-ization. With the use of SBIR and STTR pro-grams, we can increase small business participation in the defense and aero-space industry while tapping into the true potential their American innova-tive spirit represents. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation and to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 2763, the Small Business Innovation Research and Small Busi-ness Technology Transfer Improve-ments Act. Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 2 minutes to the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON ), the ranking member of the Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to sup-port H.R. 2763, the Small Business In-novation Research and Small Business Technology Transfer Improvements Act of 2017. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman C
HABOT , Ranking Member V ELA´ZQUEZ , Chairman S
MITH, and all other col-leagues on both committees for their work to advance this bipartisan piece to the House floor. SBIR and STTR are valuable pro-grams that provide competitive re-search and development grants and contracts to innovative small busi-nesses. Stability and continuity in the SBIR and STTR programs are impor-tant goals, which is why I supported the agreement in last year’s National Defense Authorization Act to extend the program until fiscal year 2022 at the current allocation level. In H.R. 2763, the two authorizing committees have come to agreement on a number of policy improvements and some strengthened oversight for the programs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11OC7.039 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7944 October 11, 2017 
The policy changes in H.R. 2763 ad-vances sensible ways to further lever-age small business R&D to help meet Federal mission needs, as well as con-tribute more broadly to U.S. innova-tion and economic growth. The bill in-cludes continued support for early- stage funding for entrepreneurial re-searchers, provides funding for impor-tant agency outreach and administra-tive activities, streamlines reporting requirements, ensures agency outreach for researchers at minority-serving in-stitutions, and authorizes several addi-tional activities to support implemen-tation of the program. I am particularly pleased that the bill includes a provision to address cur-rent agency shortfalls in fostering the participation of women and minority- owned firms. Fostering diversity in STEM research and innovation is an economic imperative. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentlewoman. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, we must continue to encourage such policies. H.R. 2763 is a good bill that improves the SBIR program and maximizes the benefits of federally funded small busi-ness R&D. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
IPINSKI ). Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairmen C
HABOT and S MITH and Rank-ing Members V
ELA´ZQUEZ and J OHNSON  for their leadership on this bill. The SBIR and STTR programs have helped countless innovative small busi-nesses grow jobs through American in-genuity. This bill will make these pro-grams work even better by providing small businesses with additional tools for bringing innovations to market. Better SBIR and STTR programs mean more successful small businesses and more jobs. I especially want to thank my col-leagues for supporting inclusion of two provisions that I put forward in com-mittee. First, the bill increases the amount of money that grant recipients are al-lowed to spend on business and tech-nical services, like market research, intellectual property protection; or participation in entrepreneurial train-ing programs, like the highly success-ful Innovation Corps program. This helps small businesses, especially startups, use their funds where they know they are needed most, for tech-nical assistance, creative approaches to problem solving, and other types of guidance needed in today’s complex marketplaces. Second, this bill expands the highly successful Phase 0 Proof of Concept Partnership pilot program, which I helped create at the National Insti-tutes of Health in a previous SBIR re-authorization. This highly successful program provides the earliest funding for researchers exploring the possi-bility of turning their research into a viable medical product. After just 2 years in operation, the three hubs created by the NIH program have filed 30 patent applications, nego-tiated 14 technology licenses, formed 7 companies, and have 70 promising tech-nologies in the pipeline. This bill extends the Phase 0 program for another 5 years at NIH and expands it to the National Science Foundation, NASA, and the Department of Energy. In doing so, we will be giving a needed boost to more researchers who are bud-ding entrepreneurs who will create the jobs of tomorrow. Mr. Speaker, our small businesses de-serve support as they drive America’s economic growth. This bill will give innovators and entrepreneurs addi-tional tools to drive this growth that we so desperately need. So I strongly urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCNERNEY ). Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding and for her work on this small business bill. I also thank Chairmen S
MITH and C
HABOT and Ranking Members J OHNSON  and V
ELA´ZQUEZ for including my amendment to benefit minority-serv-ing institutions in H.R. 2763. This is es-sential to retaining American leader-ship in innovation and small business development. The SBIR and STTR programs were both created to expand small business participation in the Federal research mission. One of the four objectives Congress had in mind in establishing the SBIR was to facilitate and increase the participation of minority and dis-advantaged persons in technological innovation. My amendment requires that the par-ticipating Federal agencies in the SBIR and STTR programs conduct out-reach to minority-serving institu-tions—MSIs—and Hispanic-serving in-stitutions and faculty conducting re-search at these institutions so that participation rates in Federal research and development opportunities will in-crease. There are many great MSIs and re-searchers who work at these institu-tions across the country. For example, California State University Stanislaus, which has a campus in my district, is a Hispanic-serving institution and an MSI, and has been ranked one of the best colleges in our Nation. Our coun-try depends on innovation of MSIs and the intellectual capital of its grad-uates. In the 21st century, American eco-nomic growth is going to be deter-mined by the innovation and growth of technology and STEM-focused busi-nesses. It is critical to the growth of our economy that minority-serving in-stitutions and minority-owned busi-nesses are connected to this techno-logical ecosystem. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ). Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Reauthorizing the SBIR and STTR programs are critical to supporting our Nation’s most forward-thinking entre-preneurs and innovators. I am relieved that we are preserving the critical parts of the programs and continuing to improve upon the programs them-selves. These programs have proven to be one of the most successful Federal pro-grams for technological innovation in United States history, delivering more than 70,000 patents and valuable inno-vations in agriculture, defense, energy, health sciences, homeland security, space, transportation, and other fields. Through Phase I and Phase II SBIR, countless jobs have been created in the capital region of New York. It is through programs such as SBIR that our region has developed the underpinnings of support for a boom in high technology innovation and eco-nomic development. One of many examples of this is Ecovative Design located within my congressional district in Green Island, New York, which has benefitted from the SBIR program over a number of years. These efforts will allow the com-pany to continue its work on a replace-ment of engineered wood resins that will be economically competitive and nontoxic. The resin system represents cost and energy savings, and is capable of leveraging existing manufacturing equipment in production today. This funding will help them deliver on the promise of this innovative technology. Gavin McIntyre, cofounder and chief scientist at Ecovative said: ‘‘We’re very excited to bring our new material technology to market and displace toxic formaldehyde-based resins. The SBIR/STTR program was fundamental to how Ecovative got its start and has enabled us to continue to take risks and develop game-changing tech-nology.’’ While this bill is a positive step for-ward towards helping more small busi-nesses, we must do more to help other small businesses develop these types of game-changing technologies. I recognize the value of research and I will fight to see more funding for all these agencies and, in turn, more fund-ing for the SBIR and STTR programs. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I have no further speakers and I am prepared to close. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11OC7.041 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7945 October 11, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, supporting our entre-preneurs and small businesses are a top priority for both sides of the aisle. Our bill will make it easier for small firms that receive SBIR and STTR awards to bring their products to market and achieve commercial success. The SBIR and STTR programs are also critical to our economy, as they support our Nation’s job creators and ensure that our country continues to produce cutting-edge research and de-velopment. This ingenuity is what makes our country a global economic powerhouse. These programs, while successful, can be improved. The bill before us is a step in the right direction insofar as it will ensure that all Federal agencies are enhancing efforts to help more small businesses obtain SBIR and STTR funding and bring their innova-tive products to market. Therefore, I respectfully urge my col-leagues to support this bipartisan bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I thank all those who spoke on this legislation, a very bipartisan, good legislation, here this afternoon on the House floor. In closing, whether it is new software system for tracking contract payments or a new medical device to help with cancer treatments, or a new piece of technology that literally saves lives on the battlefield, the SBIR and STTR programs have consistently delivered results to Federal agencies. They are worthy programs that do what they are supposed to do, but we can always do better. This legislation improves and modernizes these programs, and I ask that all of my colleagues support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I support H.R. 2763, the Small Business Innovation Re-search and Small Business Technology Trans-fer Improvements Act of 2017. And I thank the gentleman from California, Mr. K
NIGHT , for introducing this important leg-islation. He serves on the two Committees that share jurisdiction over the SBIR and STTR programs: the Small Business Committee, chaired by my good friend, Mr. C
HABOT , and the Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee, which I chair. Mr. K
NIGHT took the lead on last year’s time-ly reauthorization of the SBIR and STTR pro-grams, and he is the sponsor of H.R. 2763, which makes a number of needed policy changes to increase the programs’ efficiency and effectiveness. The SBIR program was signed into law by President Reagan in 1982, followed by the STTR program in 1992. These programs help spur economic innovation and competitive-ness, and increase small business participa-tion in federal research and development ac-tivity. SBIR and STTR award winners convert the results of taxpayer-supported pioneering re-search into products that are critical to our economic competitiveness and national secu-rity. Recent examples include parts for NASA’s Mars Rover and a unique cockpit air-bag system to protect Army helicopter pilots. Today 11 federal agencies provide funding to small businesses through SBIR, and five agencies provide funding through STTR—a total of nearly $3 billion this fiscal year. That’s more than 66 times greater than the $45 mil-lion spent under the original program in 1983. Recipients of SBIR and STTR funding have boosted scientific and technological innovation and created hundreds of thousands of Amer-ican jobs. Several large, international companies like Qualcomm, Sonicare and Symantec can trace their initial growth to when they were small businesses that received SBIR and STTR sup-port. I want to call attention to two provisions of H.R. 2763 that were added by Members of the Science Committee. A provision authored by Mr. HULTGREN re- quires participating federal agencies to give priority to SBIR and STTR projects that will strengthen American manufacturing innovation and increase manufacturing jobs in our coun-try. A provision authored by Mr. H
IGGINS re- quires federal agencies engaged in cyber se-curity research to give priority to SBIR and STTR projects that will spur advances in cyber security to protect the American people from increasingly aggressive and malicious cyber- attacks. The legislation before us addresses a num-ber of red flags raised by the Government Ac-countability Office (GAO) about lax administra-tion of the SBIR and STTR programs. Several participating agencies do not produce accurate, timely information that Con-gress requires to evaluate program perform-ance. The U.S. Small Business Administration has not submitted its required, comprehensive an-nual report to Congress since 2013. The last administration provided virtually no information to Congress and taxpayers about the SBIR and STTR programs. It’s reassuring that SBA associate adminis-trator Joseph Shepard promised during a joint hearing of our Committee and the Small Busi-ness Committee that annual reports will be submitted on time. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2763 was unanimously approved by both the House Small Business Committee and the House Science Com-mittee. I urge all of my colleagues to support it. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2763, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b1445 POWER AND SECURITY SYSTEMS (PASS) ACT Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 190) to provide for consideration of the extension under the Energy Policy and Conservation Act of nonapplication of No-Load Mode energy efficiency stand-ards to certain security or life safety alarms or surveillance systems, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: S. 190 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Power And Security Systems (PASS) Act’’. 
SEC. 2. EXTENSION OF NONAPPLICATION OF NO- LOAD MODE ENERGY EFFICIENCY STANDARD TO CERTAIN SECURITY OR LIFE SAFETY ALARM OR SUR-VEILLANCE SYSTEMS. 
(a) Section 325(u)(3)(D)(ii) of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6295(u)(3)(D)(ii)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘2015’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2021’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (b) Section 325(u)(3)(E) of the Energy Pol-icy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6295(u)(3)(E)) is amended— (1) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘July 1, 2017,’’ and inserting ‘‘the effective date of the amendment under subparagraph (D)(ii)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) T
REATMENT IN RULE .—In the rule under subparagraph (D)(ii) and subsequent amendments the Secretary may treat some or all external power supplies designed to be connected to a security or life safety alarm or surveillance system as a separate product class or may extend the nonapplication under clause (ii).’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O
LSON ) and the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
USH) each will con-trol 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material in the record. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 190. External power supplies are used for all sorts of devices, and we have learned from experience that the Fed-eral energy efficiency standards some-times don’t work in the ways we want them to. In particular, we need an ex-emption from these rules for the secu-rity and life safety alarms and surveil-lance alarms. S. 190, the Power and Security Sys-tems, or PASS, Act, provides targeted exemptions that allow these critical uses to stay on the market. Devices like home security alarms or fire detection need to be on 24/7, 365, but the 2007 energy law on energy effi-ciency standards for external power supplies does not allow for this. Since then, Congress has created exemptions for these ‘‘always on’’ devices, but this exemption ended on July 1 of 2017. S. 190 extends this exemption out to 2023. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11OC7.042 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7946 October 11, 2017 
The result of this bill would be that these important security systems will continue to be available, preserving the jobs of those who make them, and, most importantly, the safety of those who use them. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this measure, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 190, the Power and Security Systems, or PASS, Act. Mr. Speaker, this bill would provide a noncontroversial technical fix to a De-partment of Energy efficiency stand-ard, and it has widespread bipartisan support. I would also like to acknowledge my colleagues, Mr. W
ELCH from Vermont, Mr. B
ROOKS from Alabama, as well as Senator G
ARDNER and Senator C ANT-
WELL , for their work in sponsoring this bill and getting it to the floor here today. Mr. Speaker, this legislation would simply amend the Energy Policy and Conservation Act to require the De-partment of Energy to issue a rule by July 1, 2021, which would determine whether energy conservation standards for external power supplies should be amended. The rule must contain any amend-ment standards and would apply to products manufactured on or after July 1, 2023. Mr. Speaker, current law exempts ex-ternal power supplies for security or life safety systems from energy con-servation standards until July 1, 2017. This bill simply extends that exemp-tion to July 1, 2023. Mr. Speaker, this clarification is nec-essary in order to exclude power supply circuits, drivers, and devices that are designed to power security alarms, life-saving devices, and surveillance sys-tems. Mr. Speaker, as I stated, this legisla-tive fix has widespread support from both houses of Congress, from both sides of the aisle, as well as from indus-try and the energy efficiency commu-nity. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to support this valuable piece of legislation, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I close with a short and sweet: good bill, vote for it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O
LSON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 190. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. NATIONAL CLINICAL CARE COMMISSION ACT Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 920) to establish a National Clinical Care Commission. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: S. 920 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Clinical Care Commission Act’’. 
SEC. 2. NATIONAL CLINICAL CARE COMMISSION. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is hereby es-tablished, within the Department of Health and Human Services, a National Clinical Care Commission (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Commission’’) to evaluate and make recommendations regarding improvements to the coordination and leveraging of pro-grams within the Department and other Fed-eral agencies related to awareness and clin-ical care for at least one, but not more than two, complex metabolic or autoimmune dis-eases resulting from issues related to insulin that represent a significant disease burden in the United States, which may include com-plications due to such diseases. (b) M
EMBERSHIP .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission shall be composed of the following voting members: (A) The heads of the following Federal agencies and departments, or their des-ignees: (i) The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services. (ii) The Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality. (iii) The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. (iv) The Indian Health Service. (v) The Department of Veterans Affairs. (vi) The National Institutes of Health. (vii) The Food and Drug Administration. (viii) The Health Resources and Services Administration. (ix) The Department of Defense. (x) The Department of Agriculture. (xi) The Office of Minority Health. (B) Twelve additional voting members ap-pointed under paragraph (2). (2) A
DDITIONAL MEMBERS .—The Commission shall include additional voting members, as may be appointed by the Secretary, with ex-pertise in the prevention, care, and epidemi-ology of any of the diseases and complica-tions described in subsection (a), including one or more such members from each of the following categories: (A) Physician specialties, including clin-ical endocrinologists, that play a role in the prevention or treatment of diseases and com-plications described in subsection (a). (B) Primary care physicians. (C) Non-physician health care profes-sionals. (D) Patient advocates. (E) National experts, including public health experts, in the duties listed under subsection (c). (F) Health care providers furnishing serv-ices to a patient population that consists of a high percentage (as specified by the Sec-retary) of individuals who are enrolled in a State plan under title XIX of the Social Se-curity Act or who are not covered under a health plan or health insurance coverage. (3) C
HAIRPERSON .—The members of the Commission shall select a chairperson from the members appointed under paragraph (2). (4) M
EETINGS .—The Commission shall meet at least twice, and not more than four times, a year. (5) VACANCIES .—A vacancy on the Commis-sion shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointments. (c) D
UTIES .—The Commission shall evalu-ate and make recommendations, as appro-priate, to the Secretary of Health and Human Services and Congress regarding— (1) Federal programs of the Department of Health and Human Services that focus on preventing and reducing the incidence of the diseases and complications described in sub-section (a); (2) current activities and gaps in Federal efforts to support clinicians in providing in-tegrated, high-quality care to individuals with the diseases and complications de-scribed in subsection (a); (3) the improvement in, and improved co-ordination of, Federal education and aware-ness activities related to the prevention and treatment of the diseases and complications described in subsection (a), which may in-clude the utilization of new and existing technologies; (4) methods for outreach and dissemination of education and awareness materials that— (A) address the diseases and complications described in subsection (a); (B) are funded by the Federal Government; and (C) are intended for health care profes-sionals and the public; and (5) whether there are opportunities for con-solidation of inappropriately overlapping or duplicative Federal programs related to the diseases and complications described in sub-section (a). (d) O
PERATING PLAN.—Not later than 90 days after its first meeting, the Commission shall submit to the Secretary of Health and Human Services and the Congress an oper-ating plan for carrying out the activities of the Commission as described in subsection (c). Such operating plan may include— (1) a list of specific activities that the Commission plans to conduct for purposes of carrying out the duties described in each of the paragraphs in subsection (c); (2) a plan for completing the activities; (3) a list of members of the Commission and other individuals who are not members of the Commission who will need to be in-volved to conduct such activities; (4) an explanation of Federal agency in-volvement and coordination needed to con-duct such activities; (5) a budget for conducting such activities; and (6) other information that the Commission deems appropriate. (e) F
INAL REPORT .—By not later than 3 years after the date of the Commission’s first meeting, the Commission shall submit to the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices and the Congress a final report con-taining all of the findings and recommenda-tions required by this section. (f) S
UNSET .—The Commission shall termi-nate 60 days after submitting its final report, but not later than the end of fiscal year 2021. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O
LSON ) and the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
USH) each will con-trol 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material in the R
ECORD . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11OC7.045 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7947 October 11, 2017 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 920, the National Clinical Care Commission Act, a bipartisan bill that has received unanimous support within both the House and the Senate Cham-bers. S. 920 is the Senate companion to my bill, H.R. 309, which is cosponsored by over half of my House colleagues. It has this level of support because our Nation faces an epidemic. Diabetes or prediabetes affects over 100 million Americans. Nearly one in three of our neighbors is affected. This legislation will also help many others who are affected by other dis-eases like heart disease, obesity, and many others. When I first came to Congress in 2009, it was crystal clear that we had a big problem. The benefits of all the Fed-eral research dollars going into these diseases were simply not making their way to patients. Researchers at the NIH, the CDC, the DOD, the VA, and the FDA weren’t sharing diabetes re-search. Who knows? Sharing informa-tion may have put us on a path to cure diabetes. It was clear then, and it is still clear today: we need a laser-like approach to improve patient care by pursuing a strong Federal focus on research. This bill accomplishes that goal by creating a National Clinical Care Com-mission comprised of doctors who spe-cialize in diabetes care for patients. This commission will have 3 years to strengthen the partnership between Federal stakeholders and health pro-fessionals who will bring hands-on, clinical experience to improve care. This is not a new, unending bureauc-racy. After 3 years, this commission will sunset. In 3 years, it will be gone. We have already made such a huge investment of taxpayer dollars into re-search. It is time to leverage that in-vestment into meaningful prevention and effective treatment options. President Reagan once said: ‘‘There is no limit to the amount of good you can do if you don’t care who gets the credit.’’ That is why I stand here today in strong support of my bill, which be-came Senator S
HAHEEN ’s bill, because this bill will help so many Americans who are suffering from diabetes. So today I ask my colleagues to again help all those who suffer from di-abetes and other complex metabolic and autoimmune disorders by voting for S. 920. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 920, the National Clinical Care Com-mission Act. Mr. Speaker, this legislation aims to help improve Federal efforts to treat and to prevent metabolic and auto-immune disorders related to insulin. The most common metabolic dis-order in the U.S. is diabetes, which af-fects more than 25 million Americans. Another 86 million Americans have prediabetes, a condition associated with an increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes and heart disease. Mr. Speaker, diabetes takes a huge toll on human health; in fact, it is the seventh leading cause of death in our Nation. Additionally, Mr. Speaker, all too often diabetes leads to avoidable com-plications, such as blindness, such as limb amputation, and also kidney fail-ure. In addition to the effects on human health, Mr. Speaker, diabetes care makes up a large percentage of U.S. healthcare expenditure. Mr. Speaker, currently $1 of every $5 of healthcare cost is spent caring for people with diabetes. The proportion of Medicare funding is even greater than this. Currently, $1 of every $3 of Medi-care expenditure is spent caring for people with diabetes. b1500 Mr. Speaker, that is why it is impor-tant to improve the Federal efforts that prevent avoidable cases of diabe-tes and other metabolic disorders, and to ensure that all Americans have the treatment and the management serv-ices necessary to successfully manage this and other similar conditions. Mr. Speaker, this legislation was pre-viously passed in the 114th Congress and again at the beginning of the 115th Congress. I am pleased to see that the Senate took action on this legislation to support passage of this bill into law. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on S. 920, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ). Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of S. 920, the National Clinical Care Commission Act, spon-sored by Senator S
HAHEEN . This legislation has been around for a while. It has been championed in the House by our good friend and fellow Texan, Representative P
ETEOLSON , as H.R. 309. This bill has strong bipartisan support. It passed this House unani-mously earlier this year. Diabetes and other endocrine dis-orders have been a great cost burden on Medicare and, in fact, our Nation’s healthcare system in general. Thirty million Americans have diabetes, 84 million Americans have prediabetes, and three out of four Americans on Medicare have diabetes or prediabetes. And $1 out of every $3 Medicare spends is spent on diabetes. This bill will establish a clinical care commission to evaluate and rec-ommend solutions for better coordina-tion and use of Federal programs aimed at improving care for people with dia-betes and other related endocrine dis-orders. This commission will be tasked with identifying gaps where new ap-proaches are needed, eliminating dupli-cation across Federal agencies, and leveraging the Federal resources and tools available to enhance the quality of patient care. I am confident their work will im-prove the lives of tens of millions of Americans living with diabetes and with other endocrine disorders while beginning the process of reducing the staggering impact of these diseases. Mr. Speaker, I certainly want to thank and commend our colleague, Representative PETEOLSON , for spear-heading this important initiative. I want to thank him for bringing it to the floor of the House as many times as he has. This has been a lengthy proc-ess, but today, with the passage of this bill, we are voting on final passage, and this bill will be sent to the President’s desk for signature. Mr. Speaker, Mr. O
LSON ’s long and arduous journey now will be completed with the passage of this bill, and we should all look for-ward to that. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gen-tleman from Iowa (Mr. L
OEBSACK ). Mr. LOEBSACK. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Illinois (Mr. R
USH) for yielding time to me today to speak on this important bill. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to rise in strong support of S. 920, the National Clinical Care Commission Act. S. 920, as was mentioned already, creates a commission comprised of clinical endocrinologists, other physician spe-cialists, primary care physicians, healthcare professionals, patients, and representatives from the Federal agen-cies most involved in diabetes care. The commission is charged with making recommendations to stream-line Federal investments in diabetes, to improve the coordination and clin-ical care outcomes for people with dia-betes, prediabetes, and other insulin- related metabolic and autoimmune dis-eases. Passage of this legislation will help the Nation undertake more and innova-tive approaches to diabetes and its dis-ease complications, for which the United States spends some $322 billion annually. I urge the Secretary also to move ex-peditiously to set up the commission so it can begin its important work as soon as possible. Clinical training and exper-tise in diabetes and other insulin-re-lated diseases will be needed to lead the commission, and it is my hope that a clinical endocrinologist will be cho-sen to serve as the chairperson of the commission. I think that is very im-portant. With a clinical endocrinologist as chair and representatives from other medical specialities, healthcare profes-sions, and patient advocacy groups, serving alongside with Federal diabetes experts, the commission created under S. 920 will help to ensure that new in-novative medications and devices are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11OC7.047 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7948 October 11, 2017 
effectively translated to the clinical setting for the benefit of patients. That clinical translation is so important. The work of the commission will help improve the lives of the tens of mil-lions of Americans living with diabetes while simultaneously beginning the process of reducing the staggering im-pact of diabetes and its disease com-plications and the dollars that, as has already been mentioned, are associated with that. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank in par-ticular Representative O
LSON for his persistence, as was already mentioned, and for sponsoring this bill in the House. I was very happy to lead the way as the Democrat on this side of the aisle on this bill, and for my colleagues on both sides of the aisle who sup-ported this bill that enabled House pas-sage of the legislation earlier, as was mentioned, and now we are finally going to get it over the finish line. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative O
LSON  in particular for his efforts on this. Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Iowa for those kind words, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, again, short and sweet. This is a good bill. It is the first step towards actually fund-ing a cure for diabetes. Maybe we will do that. By the way, it leaves here and will be signed into law before this week ends. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘aye’’ when this vote comes up for a final passage vote. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O
LSON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 920. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DR. JOHN F. NASH, JR. POST OFFICE Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2302) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 259 Nassau Street, Suite 2 in Princeton, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Dr. John F. Nash, Jr. Post Office’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2302 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. DR. JOHN F. NASH, JR. POST OFFICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 259 Nassau Street, Suite 2 in Princeton, New Jersey, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Dr. John F. Nash, Jr. Post Office’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Dr. John F. Nash, Jr. Post Office’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
USSELL ) and the gen-tlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
AT-
SONCOLEMAN ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I speak in support of H.R. 2302, introduced by the gentle-woman, Congresswoman B
ONNIE WAT-
SONCOLEMAN from New Jersey. The bill designates the post office located at 259 Nassau Street, Suite 2, in Princeton, New Jersey, as the Dr. John F. Nash, Jr. Post Office. John Nash was a brilliant mathe-matician, publishing groundbreaking work in many areas. One of his most famous contributions was to the field of game theory, creating what is known as the Nash equilibrium. For his achievements, he won a Nobel Prize in Economic Sciences in 1994, and the Abel Prize from the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters in 2015. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to hear-ing more about Dr. Nash’s life from the gentlewoman from New Jersey, and I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I do rise to urge support for my bill, H.R. 2302, which would des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 259 Nassau Street in Princeton, New Jersey, as the Dr. John F. Nash, Jr. Post Office. As a legendary figure of Princeton University’s mathematics department, Dr. Nash was famous both for his ge-nius and his life story. Born in Blue-field, West Virginia, in 1928, Dr. John Nash was a child prodigy who grad-uated from the Carnegie Institute of Technology at age 19, with both a bach-elor’s and a master’s degree in mathe-matics. Dr. Nash subsequently received his doctorate in 1950 from Princeton Uni-versity and published a groundbreaking theory of noncooperative games later that year, which is now known as the Nash equilibrium. His monumental work in mathe-matics, game theory, economics, and evolutionary biology has influenced generations of experts in these fields. In addition to his academic contribu-tions, Dr. Nash gained worldwide ac-claim from the 2001 film ‘‘A Beautiful Mind,’’ which portrayed his vast ac-complishments while living with schiz-ophrenia and throughout his recovery from mental illness. In recognition of his lifelong work, Dr. Nash was awarded a Nobel Prize in Economic Sciences in 1994, and the 2015 Abel Prize from the Norwegian Acad-emy of Science and Letters. Tragically, he and his wife, Alicia, were killed in an automobile accident in 2015 on their return from receiving the award in Norway. Finally, I want to end my remarks by congratulating Ms. Lyla Malloy, the student in my district whose essay sub-mission to our post office naming com-petition was chosen out of 84 entries. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of H.R. 2302 in recognition of Dr. Nash’s important contributions to our coun-try, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
USSELL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2302. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
BONUSES FOR COST-CUTTERS ACT OF 2017 Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 378) to amend title 5, United States Code, to enhance the authority under which Federal agencies may pay cash awards to employees for making cost saving disclosures, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 378 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Bonuses for Cost-Cutters Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. COST SAVINGS ENHANCEMENTS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 4511 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘ Defi- nition’’ and inserting ‘‘Definitions’’; and (2) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking the period at the end and in-serting ‘‘; and’’; (B) by striking ‘‘this subchapter, the term’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘this subchapter— ‘‘(1) the term’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) the term ‘wasteful expenses’ means amounts made available for salaries and ex-penses accounts, operations and maintenance accounts, or other equivalent accounts— ‘‘(A) that are identified by an employee of the agency under section 4512(a) as wasteful; and ‘‘(B) that the Chief Financial Officer of the agency determines are not required for the pur-pose for which the amounts were made avail-able.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K11OC7.048 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7949 October 11, 2017 
(b) A UTHORITY .—Section 4512 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by inserting ‘‘The head of an agency may pay a cash award to any employee of such agency whose identification of wasteful ex-penses to the Chief Financial Officer of the agency has resulted in cost savings for the agen-cy.’’ after the first sentence; (B) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘$10,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$20,000’’; (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) by inserting ‘‘Chief Financial Officer,’’ after ‘‘Inspector General,’’ ; (ii) by striking ‘‘employee designated under subsection (b)’’ and inserting ‘‘designated em-ployee’’; and (iii) by inserting ‘‘or identification’’ after ‘‘disclosure’’; and (D) in the matter following paragraph (2)— (i) by inserting ‘‘, Chief Financial Officer,’’ after ‘‘Inspector General’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘or identification’’ after ‘‘dis-closure’’; (2) in subsection (b) by striking ‘‘awards per-mitted under this section’’ and inserting ‘‘awards for the disclosure of fraud, waste, or mismanagement under this section’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c)(1) If the Chief Financial Officer of the agency determines that potential wasteful ex-penses identified by an employee meet the re-quirements of section 4511(a)(2)(B), the head of the agency shall notify the President for pur-poses of proposing the expenses for rescission under title X of the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 681 et seq.). ‘‘(2) In the case of an agency for which there is no Chief Financial Officer, the head of the agency shall designate an agency employee who shall have the authority to make the determina-tions for identification of wasteful expenses under this section. ‘‘(d) The head of each agency shall make available, along with, and in the same manner and form as, the provision of information re-quired under section 1116 of title 31, information on disclosures of wasteful expenses under this section, including— ‘‘(1) a description of each disclosure of pos-sible wasteful expenses identified by an em-ployee and determined by the agency to have merit; and ‘‘(2) the number and amount of cash awards provided by the agency under subsection (a). ‘‘(e) An individual may not receive a cash award under this subchapter if the individual is— ‘‘(1) an officer or employee of the Office of the Inspector General of an agency; or ‘‘(2) ineligible for a cash award under section 4509. ‘‘(f) The Director of the Office of Personnel Management shall— ‘‘(1) ensure that the cash award program of each agency complies with this section; and ‘‘(2) submit to Congress an annual certifi-cation indicating whether the cash award pro-gram of each agency complies with this section. ‘‘(g) Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of the Bonuses for Cost-Cutters Act of 2017, and every 3 years thereafter for 6 years, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report on the oper-ation of the cost savings and awards program under this section, including any recommenda-tions for legislative changes.’’. (c) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for subchapter II of chapter 45 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 4511 and inserting the following: ‘‘4511. Definitions and general provisions.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
USSELL ) and the gen-tlewoman from the District of Colum-bia (Ms. NORTON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. b1515 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I speak in support of H.R. 378, introduced by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. F
LEISCHMANN ), the Bonuses for Cost-Cutters Act of 2017. The people in the best position to identify waste throughout the Federal Government are the employees on the front lines at the Federal agencies. They are the ones on the ground who know when agencies waste money. It is in the taxpayers’ best interest to en-courage Federal employees to report waste when they see it. H.R. 378 increases the incentive for Federal employees to report wasteful spending by authorizing a reward of up to $20,000 for blowing the whistle on waste. This incentive is especially nec-essary at the end of the fiscal year when too many agencies adopt a ‘‘use it or lose it’’ mentality regarding their budgets. Some agencies fear that if they do not spend every last dollar in their budget, that Congress will somehow de-crease their future funding. That dy-namic leads to the most outrageous ex-penditures in the last week before the end of the fiscal year on September 30. Under the structure put in place by H.R. 378, agency leadership will also be able to verify that spending identified by whistleblowers is actually wasteful. This was a concern raised by our col-leagues in the minority. We are thank-ful for their constructive work in get-ting this bill to a mutually agreeable compromise. The bill also maintains Congress’ constitutional role in the appropria-tions process. As we know, Congress is responsible for authorizing spending by the Federal Government, and this bill is careful to respect that authority. After the agency’s chief financial of-ficer affirms that the spending in ques-tion is indeed wasteful, the agency must submit a report to the President. The President may then submit a rec-ommendation to Congress to eliminate the wasteful spending in question. H.R. 378 is the result of a bipartisan process, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill as an example of what we can achieve when both sides put their minds to reform and husband the taxpayers’ dollars. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 378, the Bonuses for Cost-Cutters Act, as reported by the committee. This leg-islation enhances the existing award program for Federal employees whose identification of waste, fraud, and abuse results in cost savings to an agency. Every day, Federal employees across the country provide vital services to the American people. They ensure that our veterans receive the benefits to which they are entitled. They work to keep our air safe to breathe and our water safe to drink. They spend long hours and put their lives at risk to safeguard our national and homeland security. And Federal employees are on the front lines in ensuring that these important missions are carried out as effectively and efficiently as possible. I think we can all agree that no one benefits when taxpayer dollars are wasted. This bill aims to increase gov-ernment efficiency and save taxpayer dollars by providing incentives to Fed-eral employees to identify wasteful spending. The legislation allows an agency head to award an employee a bonus for the identification of wasteful expenses that result in agency cost savings. The bill also doubles the amount that an inspector general may award an em-ployee for disclosures of waste, fraud, and abuse that result in cost savings from $10,000 to $20,000. In addition, the bill contains several accountability measures so that Con-gress and the American people can de-termine whether the legislation is working as intended. First, agencies must include information on disclo-sures of wasteful spending and awards distributed under this legislation in their annual, publicly available, per-formance report. The bill also includes a requirement that the director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget submit a report to Congress each year certifying that each agency’s cash award program complies with the bill. In addition, the bill requires a GAO report on the operation of awards pro-gram within 3 years, including any rec-ommendations for legislative changes. Democratic members of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee raised concerns about prior versions of this bill, and I want to thank Chairman G
OWDY for working with us to address those concerns. The bill we have before us today reflects bipartisan concerns. We must support Federal employees who identify ways to increase effi-ciency and reduce waste. I believe this bill does that, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. F
LEISCHMANN ), the sponsor of this bill. Mr. FLEISCHMANN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my bill, the Bonuses 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC7.012 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7950 October 11, 2017 
for Cost-Cutters Act of 2017. I wish to thank the gentleman from Oklahoma and the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia. Mr. Speaker, what we see today in my bill is what I think the American people want, Republicans and Demo-crats working together with good, com-monsense legislation that makes sense and saves the American taxpayer’s money. Let’s face it: whether we are a family or a business, we have to manage our money in the private sector; and the Federal Government, for far too long, has been guilty of spending waste, fraud, and abuse. There have been so many problems, and the American peo-ple know it. When we go home and we talk with our constituents, they want us to be very good stewards of their money, and they deserve that. That is exactly what this bill does, and it does it in a way that does a lot of different things that I think is great. First of all, as my colleagues on both sides of the aisle have said, it incentivizes Federal employees to de-tect waste. We all know that govern-ment has a tendency, when they have a pool of money, to spend it, whether they need it or not. So if a Federal em-ployee can go in there, find this prob-lem out, tell the agency head, he or she now can get up to $20,000 of incentive pay. So we have incentivized fiscal re-sponsibility in the Federal Govern-ment. That is great, and that is just good government. In addition to that, Mr. Speaker, we look at the United States Constitution, and that is a document that our Found-ing Fathers gave us and is so impor-tant. Why is that so important with this bill? Because when that agency head goes to the President of the United States with this recommenda-tion, the President of the United States has to come where? Back to the Congress, where he should have to come. When Congress looks at that rec-ommendation from the President, Con-gress then can make the final deter-mination. So we have fiscal responsi-bility, we have constitutional sanctity, and we have good government. Most of all, I want to thank my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle. We have Republicans and Democrats work-ing together, the way the American people want us to do, to be fiscally re-sponsible. Mr. Speaker, I urge colleagues on both sides of the aisle to pass this good government bill. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
USSELL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 378, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
RECIPIENTS OF WHISTLEBLOWER DISCLOSURES Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2196) to amend title 5, United States Code, to allow whistleblowers to disclose information to certain recipi-ents, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2196 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. RECIPIENTS OF WHISTLEBLOWER DISLOSURES. 
Section 2302(b)(8)(B) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘or to the Inspector’’ and all that follows through ‘‘such disclosures’’ and inserting ‘‘the In-spector General of an agency, a supervisor in the employee’s direct chain of command and up to and including the head of the employ-ing agency, or to an employee designated by any of the aforementioned individuals for the purpose of receiving such disclosures’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
USSELL ) and the gen-tlewoman from the District of Colum-bia (Ms. N
ORTON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I speak in support of H.R. 2196, a bill I introduced with Ranking Member C
UMMINGS , Mr. L
YNCH , and Mr. F ARENTHOLD from Texas earlier this year to allow whis-tleblowers to disclose information to certain recipients. Whistleblowers in the Federal Gov-ernment should be able to tell their su-pervisors when something is wrong. That is true no matter what, but espe-cially so in cases involving classified information, which implies a matter of national security. If whistleblowers cannot make a pro-tected disclosure to their supervisors, they are more likely to make an illegal disclosure to people or entities without the proper security clearances. Under current law, whistleblowers in the intelligence community can make protected disclosures to their super-visors. However, whistleblowers deal-ing with classified information outside the intelligence community do not have that same protection. Federal employees inside the intel-ligence community can blow the whis-tle to their supervisors, to the appro-priate inspector general, and to Con-gress. Employees outside the intel-ligence community do not have those protections when it comes to classified information, and they have fewer op-tions when it comes to blowing the whistle, except to put it in the hands of those who have no clearances. Federal employees outside the intel-ligence community must be reassured that they can report wrongdoing to the appropriate people, including their su-pervisors. With this protection, whis-tleblowers will be less likely to dis-close potentially sensitive information on waste, fraud, and abuse to the media, or other entities or individuals without the proper security clearance. This bill allows whistleblowers to make protected disclosures of classi-fied information to individuals within their chain of command. There are very few conceivable circumstances in which a whistleblower complaint to a supervisor would jeopardize national security, but such disclosures are not currently protected, as strange as that may seem. There is no reasonable basis for con-cern about giving whistleblowers throughout the Federal Government the right to contact those individuals about waste, fraud, or abuse of a classi-fied nature. These additional protec-tions will make it easier for these em-ployees to do the responsible thing when it comes to classified disclosures. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to thank Representative STEVE RUSSELL for introducing this bill, along with Oversight and Govern-ment Reform Committee Ranking Member E
LIJAH CUMMINGS , and Rep-resentative S
TEPHEN LYNCH . This bill would provide important protections to whistleblowers who han-dle classified information and want to report waste, fraud, and abuse. Under this bill, an employee who is covered by the Whistleblower Protec-tion Act could disclose to any super-visor in his or her direct chain of com-mand classified information the em-ployee reasonably believes shows wrongdoing. Under current law, if a whistleblower discloses classified information, the whistleblower is protected only if he or she makes those disclosures to the Of-fice of Special Counsel, an inspector general, the head of the whistle-blower’s agency, or an employee des-ignated by the head of the agency. This bill would encourage employees who handle classified information to use proper channels to blow the whistle on waste, fraud, and abuse. Allowing employees to go to a supervisor with evidence of wrongdoing may be less in-timidating than going to the agency head or an inspector general. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11OC7.054 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7951 October 11, 2017 
This bill is modeled on language in the Presidential Policy Directive issued in 2012. That directive, PPD 19, provided whistleblower protections to intelligence community employees who are not covered by the Whistleblower Protection Act. b1530 This bill will provide a more con-sistent approach for employees who handle classified information by ensur-ing that employees who are covered by the Whistleblower Protection Act will blow that whistle to a supervisor, the same way that intelligence community employees who are covered by PPD 19 can do so. This is a good bill. I urge my col-leagues to support it, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Ranking Member C
UM-
MINGS , Mr. F ARENTHOLD of Texas, and Mr. L
YNCH of Massachusetts for their great bipartisan support in this needed reform, and I urge my colleagues to support my bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
USSELL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2196, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ALL CIRCUIT REVIEW ACT Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2229) to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide permanent au-thority for judicial review of certain Merit Systems Protection Board deci-sions relating to whistleblowers, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2229 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘All Circuit Review Act’’. 
SEC. 2. JUDICIAL REVIEW OF MERIT SYSTEMS PROTECTION BOARD DECISIONS RE-LATING TO WHISTLEBLOWERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7703(b)(1)(B) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘During the 5-year period beginning on the effective date of the Whistleblower Protection Enhancement Act of 2012, a peti-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘A petition’’. (b) D
IRECTOR REVIEW .—Section 7703(d)(2) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘During the 5-year period beginning on the effective date of the Whistleblower Protection En-hancement Act of 2012, this paragraph’’ and inserting ‘‘This paragraph’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ) and the gen-tlewoman from the District of Colum-bia (Ms. N
ORTON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous material on the bill under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I speak in support of H.R. 2229, the All Circuit Review Act, which Ranking Member C
UMMINGS of Maryland and Mr. F
ARENTHOLD of Texas introduced earlier this year. It is critical that we guarantee whistle-blowers have access to fair and effi-cient reviews of their claims of retalia-tion. Between 1982 and 2012, whistleblowers could only appeal retaliation rulings made against them by the Merit Sys-tems Protection Board, or the MSPB, to the Federal circuit. That monopoly led to the Federal circuit shaping key interpretations of whistleblower pro-tection law without a check by any of the other circuit courts. In 2012, to the wide acclaim of the whistleblower community, the Whistle-blower Protection Enhancement Act ended the Federal circuit court’s mo-nopoly over whistleblower retaliation appeals. The result, as expected, was better case law and more expeditious appeals. As a pilot program, that expansion was set to expire 3 years after enact-ment. In 2014, Congress acted to extend the program until November of this year. Now, this highly effective pro-gram will expire next month unless it is renewed. The whistleblower commu-nity has benefited tremendously from the pilot program. There is no good ar-gument against making this perma-nent. Critics had feared that expanding ju-risdiction over the MSPB appeals would lead to a torrent of cases for those circuits, swamping dockets across the Nation. Those fears have proved to be unfounded. Instead, the whistleblower community has bene-fited from other circuits having an op-portunity to interpret Federal whistle-blower case law. H.R. 2229 makes the all circuit expan-sion permanent, ensuring the benefits of the pilot program continue. This bi-partisan initiative will put the ques-tion of appeal jurisdiction for whistle-blower retaliation cases to rest once and for all. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, September 22, 2017. Hon. T
REYGOWDY , Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN GOWDY : I write with re-spect to H.R. 2229, the ‘‘All Circuit Review Act.’’ As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions within H.R. 2229 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I forego any further consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. The Judiciary Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by fore-going consideration of H.R. 2229 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion and that our committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appro-priate number of conferees to any House- Senate conference involving this or similar legislation, and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate a response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 2229 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be in-cluded in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 2229. Sincerely, B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOV-
ERNMENT REFORM , Washington, DC, September 22, 2017. Hon. B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, House of Representatives. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 2229, the All Circuit Re-view Act. As you noted, certain provisions of the bill fall within the jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary. I appreciate your willingness to forego action on the bill in the interest of expediting this legislation for floor consideration. I agree that fore-going consideration of the bill in no way di-minishes or alters the jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any fu-ture jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or any similar legislation. I will include a copy of our letter exchange on H.R. 2229 in the bill report filed by the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, as well as in the Congressional Record during floor consideration, to memo-rialize our understanding. Thank you for your assistance with this matter. Sincerely, T
REYGOWDY . 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the All Circuit Review Act. This week the House is considering several bills to strengthen protections for whistleblowers. This is a bipartisan bill introduced by Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform Committee Ranking Member C
UMMINGS and Representative B
LAKE FARENTHOLD . This bill would help level the playing field for whistleblowers by making per-manent a pilot program that allows 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:09 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11OC7.056 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7952 October 11, 2017 
Federal whistleblowers to file appeals in courts where they work or live rath-er than in the Federal Circuit Court of Appeals. The Federal circuit has a terrible track record on whistleblower cases. Allowing other courts around the coun-try to hear whistleblower cases will provide a check on the monopoly the Federal circuit has held for many years. The bill would also authorize the Of-fice of Personnel Management to ap-peal a decision of the Merit Systems Protection Board to any appeals court with jurisdiction. This bill was listed on the Project On Government Oversight’s list of legisla-tive reforms Congress should enact in 2017. Protecting whistleblowers is not a partisan issue. It is a patriotic issue. Mr. Speaker, I hope my colleagues will support this bipartisan legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. C
UM-
MINGS ), ranking member of the full Oversight and Government Reform Committee. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman for yielding. I introduced the All Circuit Review Act, Mr. Speaker, to send a clear mes-sage to all Federal employees who blow the whistle on wrongdoing that we here in Congress have their backs. This bill would give Federal employ-ees who face retaliation for blowing the whistle a more equitable playing field when they challenge that retaliation in court. Under the bill, whistleblowers could file appeals in the jurisdictions where they work or live, rather than having to file appeals in the Federal Circuit Court of Appeals in Wash-ington, D.C. Whistleblowers who live outside of Washington, D.C., should have the same opportunities as those who live in Washington. I want to thank Representative B
LAKE FARENTHOLD for cosponsoring this bill with me. Representative F
ARENTHOLD has been a steadfast sup-porter of this basic due process right for Federal employees. The bill we are considering today makes permanent a pilot provision that was included in the Whistleblower Protection Enhancement Act, which was signed into law in 2012. That pilot provision will expire in November if we do not send this bill to the President before then. Without this bill, whistleblowers could appeal a decision of the Merit Systems Protection Board only to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. The Federal circuit has his-torically been overly restrictive of whistleblower rights. According to the Merit Systems Pro-tection Board, 29 cases have been ap-pealed to courts other than the Federal circuit since 2012. The Project On Gov-ernment Oversight sent a letter to the Oversight and Government Reform Committee on May 2, 2017, in strong support of this bill. Executive Director Danielle Brian wrote as follows: ‘‘The pilot program has been a success. It has not resulted in a flood of whistle-blower appeals as opponents of the pro-gram asserted it would do, and it al-lows for potential circuit splits, which encourage sister circuits to review the laws and allows for possible Supreme Court review. It is working exactly as intended and should be made perma-nent before it expires in November 2017.’’ The bill was approved by the Over-sight and Government Reform Com-mittee without opposition in May. Two years ago, Congress approved an exten-sion of the All Circuit Review Exten-sion Act pilot program in 2014 without a single negative vote. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the whistleblower bill. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I wish to thank Chairman GOWDY for his sup-port of this legislation, and for the hard work of Ranking Member C
UM-
MINGS of Maryland and Mr. F
ARENTHOLD of Texas for all that they have done to bring this needed bill to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
USSELL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2229. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
FREDERICK DOUGLASS BICENTENNIAL COMMISSION ACT Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2989) to establish the Frederick Douglass Bicentennial Commission, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2989 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Frederick Douglass Bicentennial Commission Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) Born into slavery on the Eastern Shore of Maryland in 1818 and given the name Fred-erick Augustus Washington Bailey after his mother Harriet Bailey, Frederick Douglass has been called the father of the civil rights movement. (2) Douglass rose through determination, brilliance, and eloquence to shape the Amer-ican Nation. He was an abolitionist, human rights and women’s rights activist, orator, author, journalist, publisher, and social re-former. (3) Taught basic reading skills by his mis-tress until she was forced to stop, Douglass continued to teach himself to read and write and taught other slaves to read despite risks including death. (4) During the course of his remarkable life Frederick Douglass escaped from slavery, be-came internationally renowned for his elo-quence in the cause of liberty, and went on to serve the national government in several official capacities. (5) Forced to leave the country to avoid ar-rest as an escaped slave, he returned to be-come a staunch advocate of the Union cause and helped recruit African-American troops for the Union Army, including two of his sons, Charles and Lewis Douglass. His per-sonal relationship with Abraham Lincoln helped persuade the President to make emancipation a cause of the Civil War. (6) With the abolition of slavery at the close of the Civil War, Douglass then turned his attention to the full integration of Afri-can-Americans into the political and eco-nomic life of the United States. Committed to freedom, Douglass dedicated his life to achieving justice for all Americans, in par-ticular African-Americans, women, and mi-nority groups. He envisioned America as an inclusive Nation strengthened by diversity and free of discrimination. (7) Douglass served as an advisor to Presi-dents. Abraham Lincoln referred to him as the most meritorious man of the nineteenth century. Douglass was appointed to several offices. He served as the United States Mar-shal of the District of Columbia under Ruth-erford B. Hayes’ administration; President James Garfield appointed Douglass the Dis-trict of Columbia Recorder of Deeds. In 1889, President Benjamin Harrison appointed Frederick Douglass to be the United States minister to Haiti. He was also appointed by President Grant to serve as Assistant Sec-retary of the Commission of Inquiry to Santo Domingo. (8) Douglass lived in the District of Colum-bia for 23 of his 57 years as a free man, and in recognition of his leadership and contin-uous fight for justice and freedom, his home, Cedar Hill, was established as a National Historic Site in Anacostia, in Southeast Washington, DC. (9) The statue of Frederick Douglass in the United States Capitol is a gift from the al-most 700,000 residents of the District of Co-lumbia. (10) All Americans could benefit from studying the life of Frederick Douglass, for Douglass dedicated his own life to ensuring freedom and equality for future generations of Americans. This Nation should ensure that his tireless struggle, transformative words, and inclusive vision of humanity con-tinue to inspire and sustain us. (11) The year 2018 marks the bicentennial anniversary of the birth of Frederick Doug-lass, and a commission should be established to plan, develop, and carry out, and to rec-ommend to Congress, programs and activi-ties that are fitting and proper to celebrate that anniversary in a manner that appro-priately honors Frederick Douglass. SEC. 3. ESTABLISHMENT. 
There is established a commission to be known as the Frederick Douglass Bicenten-nial Commission (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘Commission’’). 
SEC. 4. DUTIES. 
The Commission shall have the following duties: (1) To plan, develop, and carry out pro-grams and activities that are fitting and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11OC7.060 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7953 October 11, 2017 
proper to honor Frederick Douglass on the occasion of the bicentennial anniversary of Douglass’ birth. (2) To recommend to Congress programs and activities that the Commission considers fitting and proper to honor Frederick Doug-lass on such occasion, and the entity or enti-ties in the Federal Government that the Commission considers most appropriate to carry out such programs and activities. 
SEC. 5. MEMBERSHIP. 
(a) N UMBER AND APPOINTMENT .—The Com-mission shall be composed of 16 members ap-pointed as follows: (1) Two members, each of whom shall be a qualified citizen described in subsection (b), appointed by the President. (2) One member, who shall be a qualified citizen described in subsection (b), appointed by the President on the recommendation of the Governor of Maryland. (3) One member, who shall be a qualified citizen described in subsection (b), appointed by the President on the recommendation of the Governor of Massachusetts. (4) One member, who shall be a qualified citizen described in subsection (b), appointed by the President on the recommendation of the Governor of New York. (5) One member, who shall be a qualified citizen described in subsection (b), appointed by the President on the recommendation of the Mayor of the District of Columbia. (6) Three members, at least one of whom shall be a Member of the House of Represent-atives, appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives. (7) Three members, at least one of whom shall be a Senator, appointed by the major-ity leader of the Senate. (8) Two members, at least one of whom shall be a Member of the House of Represent-atives, appointed by the minority leader of the House of Representatives. (9) Two members, at least one of whom shall be a Senator, appointed by the minor-ity leader of the Senate. (b) Q
UALIFIED CITIZEN .—A qualified citizen described in this subsection is a private cit-izen of the United States with— (1) a demonstrated dedication to educating others about the importance of historical figures and events; and (2) substantial knowledge and appreciation of Frederick Douglass. (c) T
IME OF APPOINTMENT .—Each initial ap-pointment of a member of the Commission shall be made before the expiration of the 60- day period beginning on the date of the en-actment of this Act. (d) C
ONTINUATION OF MEMBERSHIP .—If a member of the Commission was appointed to the Commission as a Member of Congress, and ceases to be a Member of Congress, that member may continue to serve on the Com-mission for not longer than the 30-day period beginning on the date that member ceases to be a Member of Congress. (e) T
ERMS .—Each member shall be ap-pointed for the life of the Commission. (f) V
ACANCIES .—A vacancy in the Commis-sion shall not affect the powers of the Com-mission but shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made. (g) B
ASIC PAY.—Members shall serve on the Commission without pay. (h) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—Each member shall receive travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in accordance with sections 5702 and 5703 of title 5, United States Code. (i) Q
UORUM .—Six members of the Commis-sion shall constitute a quorum but a lesser number may hold hearings. (j) C
HAIR.—The Commission shall select a Chair from among the members of the Com-mission. (k) MEETINGS .—The Commission shall meet at the call of the Chair. Periodically, the Commission shall hold a meeting in Roch-ester, New York. 
SEC. 6. DIRECTOR AND STAFF. 
(a) D IRECTOR .—The Commission may ap-point and fix the pay of a Director and such additional personnel as the Commission con-siders to be appropriate. (b) A
PPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN CIVIL SERV-
ICELAWS.— (1) D
IRECTOR .—The Director of the Com-mission may be appointed without regard to the provisions of title 5, United States Code, governing appointments in the competitive service, and may be paid without regard to the provisions of chapter 51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 of that title relating to clas-sification and General Schedule pay rates. (2) S
TAFF .—The staff of the Commission shall be appointed subject to the provisions of title 5, United States Code, governing ap-pointments in the competitive service, and shall be paid in accordance with the provi-sions of chapter 51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 of that title relating to classifica-tion and General Schedule pay rates. 
SEC. 7. POWERS. 
(a) H EARINGS AND SESSIONS .—The Commis-sion may, for the purpose of carrying out this Act, hold such hearings, sit and act at such times and places, take such testimony, and receive such evidence as the Commission considers to be appropriate. (b) P
OWERS OF MEMBERS AND AGENTS .—Any member or agent of the Commission may, if authorized by the Commission, take any ac-tion that the Commission is authorized to take by this Act. (c) O
BTAINING OFFICIAL DATA.—The Com-mission may secure directly from any de-partment or agency of the United States in-formation necessary to enable the Commis-sion to carry out this Act. Upon request of the Chair of the Commission, the head of that department or agency shall furnish that information to the Commission. (d) M
AILS.—The Commission may use the United States mails in the same manner and under the same conditions as other depart-ments and agencies of the United States. (e) A
DMINISTRATIVE SUPPORT SERVICES .— Upon the request of the Commission, the Ad-ministrator of General Services shall provide to the Commission, on a reimbursable basis, the administrative support services nec-essary for the Commission to carry out its responsibilities under this Act. (f) G
IFTS.—The Commission may solicit, accept, use, and dispose of gifts, bequests, or devises of money or other property for the purpose of carrying out its duties. (g) V
OLUNTEER AND UNCOMPENSATED SERV-
ICES.—Notwithstanding section 1342 of title 31, United States Code, the Commission may accept and use voluntary and uncompensated services as the Commission determines nec-essary. 
SEC. 8. REPORTS. 
(a) I NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than August 1, 2018, the Commission shall submit to Con-gress an initial report containing its rec-ommendations under section 4(2). (b) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than June 1, 2019, the Commission shall submit a final re-port to Congress, and shall include in the final report— (1) a summary of its activities and pro-grams; (2) a final accounting of the funds the Com-mission received and expended; and (3) any other information that the Com-mission considers to be appropriate. 
SEC. 9. TERMINATION. 
The Commission shall terminate 30 days after submitting the final report pursuant to section 8(b). SEC. 10. NO ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED. 
No Federal funds are authorized or may be obligated to carry out this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
USSELL ) and the gen-tlewoman from the District of Colum-bia (Ms. N
ORTON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous material on the bill under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I speak in support of H.R. 2989, the Frederick Douglass Bi-centennial Commission Act, introduced by Ms. N
ORTON of the District of Co-lumbia and Mr. H
ARRIS earlier this year. Next year will mark the 200th anni-versary of the birth of Frederick Doug-lass, a man who has been called the fa-ther—and rightfully so—of the civil rights movement. Douglass was born into slavery in Maryland around 1817 but escaped by the age of 21. Douglass went on to pub-lish an autobiography documenting his life as a slave, called, ‘‘Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass,’’ while a fugitive slave. Throughout his remarkable life, Douglass advocated for justice for all Americans, encouraging President Lin-coln to make emancipation a cause of the Civil War, and advocating for the full integration of African Americans into political and economic life in the United States both during and fol-lowing the war. H.R. 2989 establishes the Frederick Douglass Bicentennial Commission to recommend the best ways to celebrate the legacy of a man who dedicated his entire life to ensuring freedom and equality for all Americans. H.R. 2989 would do this by creating a 16-member commission to plan, de-velop, and coordinate activities fitting and proper to honor Mr. Douglass. The commission will submit two reports to Congress with recommendations for ac-tivities, programs, and other important information. The commission will end 30 days after the submission of its final report. The amended text considered today adds a new section clarifying that the commission will not receive additional authorized funds and will, instead, rely on private funds for its operations. The commission presents an impor-tant opportunity to recognize and sup-port Frederick Douglass’ leadership and body of work. He was a phe-nomenal man, and I am proud to also be a cosponsor of this important bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC7.028 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7954 October 11, 2017 
I would like to thank Ms. N ORTON , Mr. H
ARRIS , and the 16 other cospon-sors for their hard work on this bill in honor of Frederick Douglass. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank the lead spon-sor of this bill, Representative A
NDY H
ARRIS , for working closely with me on the bill of which I am a cosponsor, and I want to thank my good friend Rep-resentative R
USSELL , who is managing on the other side, for also being a co-sponsor of this bill. My thanks also to Chairman T
REY G
OWDY , Ranking Member E LIJAH CUM-
MINGS , and Majority Leader K EVIN M
CCARTHY for bringing this bill to the floor in time to begin the commemora-tion, in 2018, of the bicentennial of the birth of Frederick Douglass. I am pleased that this bill has not only bipartisan, but bicameral support. Senators C
HRIS VANHOLLEN and B EN C
ARDIN have introduced the companion bill in the Senate. b1545 The bill would establish a commis-sion to plan and carry out programs and activities, as well as to recommend to Congress programs and activities that the Federal Government could un-dertake to honor and celebrate the life of Frederick Douglass during the bicen-tennial of his birth in 2018. Frederick Douglass was born into slavery in 1818 on the Eastern Shore of Maryland. He learned basic reading skills from his mistress and continued to teach himself and other slaves to read and write despite the risks he faced, including death. After two at-tempts, Douglass successfully escaped to New York and went on to become this country’s leading abolitionist and antislavery lecturer. He served in several administrations, including as close adviser to President Abraham Lincoln, U.S. Marshal of the District of Columbia under President Rutherford B. Hayes, and District of Columbia Recorder of Deeds under President James Garfield. In 1889, President Benjamin Harris appointed Frederick Douglass to be the U.S. Min-ister to Haiti. He was later appointed by President Ulysses S. Grant to serve as secretary of the commission of Santo Domingo. Douglass dedicated his life to achiev-ing justice for all Americans. He lived in the District of Columbia for 23 of his 57 years as a free man, and his home at Cedar Hill is an official National His-toric Site in southeast Washington, D.C. Every year, thousands of Ameri-cans and others visit Cedar Hill. The Frederick Douglass statue that stands in his honor in the United States Cap-itol is a gift from the nearly 700,000 residents of the District of Columbia. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. HARRIS ), who is the original cosponsor of this bill. Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the committee for promptly re-porting H.R. 2989 to the floor for con-sideration. I rise today in support of a bill I have cosponsored with Delegate N
ORTON , the Frederick Douglass Bicentennial Com-mission Act. As we approach the 200th anniversary of Frederick Douglass’ birth, I urge my colleagues in the House to support this legislation. The purpose of this bill is more than just honoring the birth of one great civil rights leader. Its purpose is to rec-ognize his lasting impact on American Government, culture, and values. Fred-erick Douglass’ work stretched far be-yond the fight for legal freedom into the equally important fight for social and cultural equality. Born on Maryland’s beautiful East-ern Shore, Douglass escaped slavery to become an author, abolitionist, and true American hero. Frederick Doug-lass is a model for the values that make our Nation great: equality, lib-erty, and a commitment to working hard and helping others. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to honor Frederick Douglass and the re-sounding impact his work has had on modern American culture by passing this legislation. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I would like to echo all of the comments that we heard. It is important that all of us take time and pause to recognize the tremendous work that Frederick Doug-lass did not only in his life, but how he impacted the United States of Amer-ica. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
USSELL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2989, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
TSP MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3031) to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for flexibility in making withdrawals from a Thrift Savings Plan account, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3031 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘TSP Mod-ernization Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN ACCOUNT WITH-DRAWAL FLEXIBILITY. 
(a) P OST-SEPARATION PARTIAL WITH-
DRAWALS .—Section 8433(c) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘and who has not made a withdrawal under subsection (h)(1)(A) may make one withdrawal’’ and inserting ‘‘may make one or more withdrawals’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘as a single payment’’ and inserting ‘‘in the same manner as a single payment is made’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) Withdrawals under this subsection shall be subject to such other limitations or conditions as the Executive Director may prescribe by regulation.’’. (b) L
IMITATION ON RETURN OF PAYMENT RE-
LATING TO A CHANGE IN ELECTION .—Section 8433(d) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, except that in the case of an election to receive an annuity, a former employee or Member may not change an election under this section on or after the date on which an annuity con-tract is purchased to provide for the annuity elected by the former employee or Member’’ after ‘‘this subchapter’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘change an’’ and inserting return a payment that was made pursuant to an’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘on or after’’ and all that follows through ‘‘the former employee or Member’’. (c) E
LIMINATION OF AUTOMATIC ANNUITY IN  A
BSENCE OF ELECTION .—Section 8433(f) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(1) Notwithstanding’’ and inserting ‘‘Notwithstanding’’; (2) by striking ‘‘this paragraph’’ and in-serting ‘‘this subsection’’; and (3) by striking paragraph (2). (d) A
LLOWANCE OF MULTIPLE AGE-BASED IN- S
ERVICE WITHDRAWALS .—Section 8433(h) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (2); (2) by redesignating paragraphs (3), (4), and (5) as paragraphs (2), (3), and (4), respec-tively; and (3) in paragraph (3), as so redesignated, by inserting ‘‘limitations or’’ before ‘‘condi-tions’’. (e) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 8432b(h)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 8433(d), or paragraph (1) or (2) of section 8433(h)’’ and in-serting ‘‘subsection (d) or (f) of section 8433’’. (f) R
EGULATIONS .—As soon as is prac-ticable, as determined by the Executive Di-rector of the Federal Retirement Thrift In-vestment Board, but not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Executive Director shall prescribe such regu-lations as are necessary to carry out the amendments made by this section. (g) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date on which the regulations prescribed under subsection (f) take effect. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
USSELL ) and the gen-tlewoman from the District of Colum-bia (Ms. N
ORTON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11OC7.062 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7955 October 11, 2017 
may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3031, the TSP Modernization Act of 2017, introduced by Ranking Member C
UMMINGS from Maryland and Mr. M
EADOWS from North Carolina earlier this year. Federal employees enrolled in the Federal Employees Retirement Sys-tem—known as FERS—enjoy the bene-fits of a three-part retirement struc-ture. Those are a defined benefit pen-sion plan, Social Security, and a 401(k)- style defined contribution plan known as the Thrift Savings Plan, or TSP. With its low administrative costs and simple design, the TSP is an ideal re-tirement vehicle. Participants can choose from a variety of investment options, including index funds designed to track the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index, the Dow Jones U.S. Completion Total Stock Market Index, or a low- risk government securities investment fund. Participants can also passively man-age their investments by putting money into a Lifecycle Fund, which al-lows the Federal Retirement Thrift In-vestment Board to purchase a combina-tion of investments based on the year the employee is expected to retire. Employees have a lot of options when investing their TSP funds, but when it comes to withdrawing their funds, the options are much more limited. This is because current statutory rules pre-clude employees from taking multiple post-service partial withdrawals. Em-ployees cannot request a partial with-drawal or annuity purchase after mak-ing a periodic payment withdrawal election. Statutory rules also require the pur-chase of an annuity if a participant fails to make an election by age 70
1⁄2. The rules also restrict an employee’s ability to make multiple in-service, age-based withdrawals. The Board conducted a study in 2013, which found that separated partici-pants moved $9 billion from the TSP fund to other, costlier institutions. Nearly one out of every three of these participants cited a desire for addi-tional withdrawal flexibility. The study also found that, among currently employed participants, the same ratio of participants requested additional withdrawal flexibility for age-based withdrawals to address life events that arise. This bill would afford those additional flexibilities to address those concerns. The bill provides more control to Federal employees over their own re-tirement by allowing for multiple post- separation partial withdrawals and in- service, age-based withdrawals. H.R. 3031 allows employees to change with-drawal elections as they grow older, and it allows the Board to avoid pur-chasing expensive annuities if a partic-ipant fails to make an election by age 701⁄2. This bill puts power and control in the hands of the employees that make our Federal Government run to make retirement decisions based on their personal situations. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3031, the TSP Modernization Act of 2017. I am proud to be a cosponsor of this legislation, which would help mod-ernize the Federal Government’s Thrift Savings Plan by aligning it with cur-rent practices for private sector 401(k)s. I thank Ranking Member C
UMMINGS  and Chairman M
EADOWS for their work on this important, bipartisan bill that would give TSP participants more flexibility in making withdrawals from their accounts. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3031, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. C
UM-
MINGS ), who is the ranking member of the full committee. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3031, the TSP Modernization Act of 2017. I thank the Government Operations Subcommittee chairman, Mr. M
EAD-
OWS, for working with me in a bipar-tisan manner on this commonsense, good government bill. I also thank the Oversight and Government Reform Committee chairman, Mr. G
OWDY , for his support of this legislation. Congressman M
EADOWS and I intro-duced this legislation to make the Fed-eral Government’s Thrift Savings Plan more closely align with private sector best practices by allowing TSP partici-pants more flexible withdrawal op-tions. In 2013, the Federal Retirement Thrift Investment Board found that employees who separated from Federal service transferred $9 billion out of their TSP accounts to other financial institutions. TSP participants do this because private sector 401(k) plans pro-vide more flexibility, and they wanted more options for withdrawing money in case they needed it. A 2014 survey of TSP participants who withdrew funds showed that more than 50 percent reported that they wanted more flexibility to withdraw funds to address life events. Current law limits participants to only one withdrawal from their TSP accounts while in Federal service after reaching age 591⁄2, and participants who make this type of age-based with-drawal cannot take another partial withdrawal once they separate from service. Similarly, participants who are separated from Federal service and who have not made a prior age-based withdrawal are restricted to making only one partial separation with-drawal. H.R. 3031 would eliminate these re-strictions and allow participants to make multiple age-based and post-sep-aration withdrawals from TSP ac-counts. The bill also would allow par-ticipants to elect to combine partial withdrawals with an annuity. It also would eliminate automatic annuities as a default option in the absence of an election by participants. By providing greater withdrawal flexibility, studies show that partici-pants would be more likely to keep their assets in their TSP accounts. For example, a study issued by Vanguard in 2013 found that 50 percent more partici-pants and assets remain in retirement plans when partial disbursements are allowed. Providing more withdrawal options for Federal employees and retirees in the TSP may help their financial secu-rity since administrative fees for the TSP are much lower than fees charged by other financial institutions. This legislation is supported by the National Active and Retired Federal Employees Association, the American Federation of Government Employees, and the National Treasury Employees Union. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I wish to thank Chairman G
OWDY , Ranking Member C
UMMINGS , and Chairman M
EADOWS for their outstanding work in addressing the needs of Federal em-ployees who give selfless public service to our Nation and should have this flexibility in their retirement plan-ning. Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
USSELL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3031, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b1600 FITARA ENHANCEMENT ACT OF 2017 Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3243) to amend title 40, United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11OC7.065 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7956 October 11, 2017 
States Code, to eliminate the sunset of certain provisions relating to informa-tion technology, to amend the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 to extend the sunset relating to the Federal Data Center Consolida-tion Initiative, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3243 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘FITARA En-hancement Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. ELIMINATION OF SUNSET RELATING TO TRANSPARENCY AND RISK MANAGE-MENT OF MAJOR INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY INVESTMENTS. 
Subsection (c) of section 11302 of title 40, United States Code, is amended by striking the first paragraph (5). 
SEC. 3. ELIMINATION OF SUNSET RELATING TO INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY PORT-FOLIO, PROGRAM, AND RESOURCE REVIEWS. 
Section 11319 of title 40, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating the second subsection (c) as subsection (d); and (2) in subsection (d), as so redesignated, by striking paragraph (6). 
SEC. 4. EXTENSION OF SUNSET RELATING TO FEDERAL DATA CENTER CONSOLI-DATION INITIATIVE. 
Subsection (e) of section 834 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 44 U.S.C. 3601 note) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘2020’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
USSELL ) and the gen-tlewoman from the District of Colum-bia (Ms. N
ORTON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I speak in support of H.R. 3243, the FITARA Enhancement Act of 2017, introduced by Mr. C
ON-
NOLLY , Mr. I SSA, Ms. K ELLY from Illi-nois, and Mr. M
EADOWS earlier this year. Today, the Federal Government spends more than $90 billion on Federal IT, with approximately 75 percent of this money spent on archaic and legacy IT. This means we are paying more for less: less capability and less security. Meanwhile, major Federal IT invest-ments often result in multimillion-dol-lar cost overruns and delays. This state of affairs led the Govern-ment Accountability Office to des-ignate Federal IT acquisition and man-agement as high risk in 2015, meaning this area is at high risk of waste, fraud, abuse, and mismanagement. In 2014, Congress passed the Federal Information Technology Acquisition Reform Act, otherwise known as FITARA, to address some of these IT challenges. Congress has maintained a watchful eye to ensure agencies fully implement the requirements of FITARA and use it as a vital oversight tool. In fact, the Oversight and Government Reform Committee has held five hearings on FITARA implementation. The committee also created a FITARA scorecard to hold Federal agencies accountable for meeting FITARA requirements, some of which sunset in the near term. This bill will help us facilitate Con-gress’ oversight efforts by extending key FITARA requirements to improve Federal IT. For example, this bill extends re-quirements for agencies to publicly re-port schedule and cost information and to assess the risks of major IT invest-ments. This bill also extends require-ments for each agency to regularly as-sess its IT portfolio, look for opportu-nities to reduce duplication, and find savings. Finally, the bill will help us continue to hold agencies accountable for con-solidating and optimizing their data centers by extending these require-ments—and GAO’s verification of these requirements—through 2020. The GAO, which has been instru-mental in assisting Congress oversee FITARA implementation, supports ex-tending the FITARA sunset dates. Mr. CONNOLLY from Virginia and Mr. I
SSAfrom California have been the key leaders on the original FITARA law, and they have come together again to sponsor this bill, along with Represent-atives M
EADOWS and K ELLY . The FITARA Enhancement Act is truly a bipartisan effort in making sure Federal agencies get their infor-mation technology management and acquisition houses in order. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ON-
NOLLY ), the sponsor of the bill. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, D
ARRELL ISSA, the co-sponsor of this bill and the cosponsor of the original FITARA; and my good friend from Oklahoma (Mr. R
USSELL ) for his able management today. The Federal Information Technology Acquisition Reform Act, or FITARA, was enacted 3 years ago. It represented the first major reform of the laws gov-erning the procurement and manage-ment of Federal IT since the Clinger- Cohen Act of 1996. FITARA is the framework for IT pro-curement and ensures the Federal Gov-ernment is making smart and effective investments to modernize its IT, which is badly needed. It has seven pillars: First, it enhances CIO authorities, responsibilities, and accountability. Second, it enhances transparency and improves risk management by requir-ing detailed information on invest-ments to be published on the IT dash-board. Third, we increased the frequency of portfolio reviews from annual to quar-terly and included key decisionmakers from the agency and OMB to not only look for ways to increase efficiency, but to eliminate duplication. Fourth, we built on the Federal data center consolidation effort to push agencies to realize big savings from this low-hanging fruit. Fifth, people. Recognizing that Fed-eral IT success is only as good as the people behind it, FITARA calls for ex-panding the training and use of IT pro-fessionals. Sixth, FITARA seeks to maximize new tools like the Federal Strategic Sourcing Initiative, taking a page from the private sector to reduce duplicative spending on common purchases and off- the-shelf items. Finally, FITARA advances a govern-ment software purchasing program to allow for purchasing licensing agree-ments that can be made available for use by all Federal agencies. FITARA is a rubric for IT procure-ment that, hopefully, someday enables initiatives like the Modernizing Gov-ernment Technology Act to build on our success of improving how the gov-ernment acquires and modernizes IT. When the stakeholders met on Fed-eral IT from government agencies and industry, both Mr. ISSA and I con-stantly were reminded of why previous major IT reform efforts had fallen short of their potential: the lack of ro-bust implementation plan and congres-sional oversight. As Mr. R
USSELL indicated quite clearly, in that latter regard, we have robust oversight, and it will continue. One of the things we had in FITARA were some sunset provisions, in the hope and expectation that, by having that, we would encourage cooperation and implementation. That cooperation and implementation is uneven through-out the Federal Government. The GAO, or Government Account-ability Office, recommended that we have this bill to extend those sunset provisions to buy a little bit more time to get with the program for those Fed-eral agencies. So that is what this bill does, but it builds on FITARA, which is the frame-work for IT procurement and mod-ernization. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of the bill. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. I
SSA), an original cosponsor of this bill and also the former chairman of the Gov-ernment and Oversight Reform Com-mittee. Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, no one has ever had a better partner on a piece of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11OC7.068 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7957 October 11, 2017 
legislation than I have had. The best way I can describe Mr. C
ONNOLLY is, like anyone else who came to a realiza-tion of something, he came to it with a great deal of zeal. This partnership, which began before the passage in 2014, to modernize a 1996 initiative that had fallen short, has been his passion and mine. Normally, when you are chairman, people talk about what divides the committee. But nothing united us more than recognizing that over $80 billion was being spent—and much of it needlessly. We don’t achieve what we want to because there is never enough. Part of it is how we procure. Prior to the passage of this legisla-tion, it certainly was possible to have major pieces of procurement have somebody in charge who could not, in fact, change or drop the expenditure and who could not simply say: This isn’t working. On top of that, often the people who did have the authority lacked the expertise. This has been true in all sorts of areas. There is much more work to be done. Unlike Clinger-Cohen, which went on for 18 years before being updated, we were just 3 years past the implementa-tion of this bill. With Congressman C
ONNOLLY ’s effort, we are coming back and making real changes—ones that can continue the process and speed it up. Obviously, there are some areas like the IT dashboard and others that sim-ply need to be continued to be renewed. This bill does it. When I first talked to Mr. C
ONNOLLY , he was the best known for absolutely wanting to consolidate processing cen-ters; consolidate these server farms that had proliferated. The number he had at the time turned out to be, al-though exorbitant, less than a quarter of the number we found. So there is more work to be done. Procurement has to be done smart and is often consolidated. With the help of my colleague and Senator W
AR-
NER, the passage of the DATA Act al-lowed us to find, with greater detail, redundancy of expenditure. So as we reauthorize FITARA, we also have the information to consoli-date purchasing across vast numbers of agencies, eliminate redundancy, and, in fact, buy better. More needs to be done. As Mr. C
ONNOLLY said so accurately, more money is spent on legacy systems than is spent on new systems that will actually save money and provide better services both to government workers and to the public. So as we reauthorize the bill, I look forward to the oversight that the Over-sight Committee has done and is able to do, and I look forward to continuing to work with my partner from Vir-ginia, Mr. C
ONNOLLY . Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of the bill. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this bill, H.R. 3243, the FITARA En-hancement Act. FITARA is bipartisan legislation that has made significant strides in re-forming government IT and making agencies more accountable. I thank Representative CONNOLLY for all his hard work on this bill, as well as my good friend who has just spoken, Mr. R
USSELL . This bill would extend three provi-sions of FITARA that are set to expire. These provisions include the provision on Federal data center consolidation; transparency and risk management of major IT systems; and agencies’ IT portfolio, program, and resource re-views, also known as PortfolioStat. These provisions provide trans-parency and accountability for agen-cies and should be continued. GAO re-ports that if we allow these provisions to expire, we will miss out on major savings. IT spending makes up roughly $100 billion of government spending each year. We cannot afford to allow this legislation that will save funds and help modernize IT assets to simply expire. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to strongly support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman G
OWDY , Mr. C ONNOLLY from Virginia, and Mr. I
SSAfrom California for this important and continued work that will not only improve IT and re-duce duplication but will continue to save billions of taxpayer dollars. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
USSELL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3243. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess for a pe-riod of less than 15 minutes. Accordingly (at 4 o’clock and 14 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1629 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) at 4 o’clock and 29 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to make votes. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 562, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 563. 
f 
LIMITING TO A CERTAIN DATE AP-PLICABILITY OF PROVISIONS OF SECTION 7 OF THE WAR POWERS RESOLUTION TO HOUSE CONCUR-RENT RESOLUTION 81 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that the provisions of section 7 of the War Pow-ers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1546) shall apply to H. Con. Res. 81 not earlier than November 2, 2017, but on the same terms that would have adhered on Oc-tober 13, 2017. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. 
f 
REMEMBERING SERGEANT DUSTIN WRIGHT (Mr. ALLEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of a Toombs County native. Twenty-nine-year-old Staff Sergeant Dustin Michael Wright was one of the three U.S. Army Green Beret soldiers killed in the line of duty last week. The U.S. Africa Command says Dustin was part of a team assisting in advising local forces in southwest Niger at the time of the ambush. A 2007 graduate from Toombs County High School, Dustin joined the Army soon after graduation, following in the footsteps of his parents and his broth-er. His family remembers him as a be-loved jokester and was always making people laugh. He took great pride in serving the country, and I am so proud to see the Toombs County community coming together to paint the town red, white, and blue in honor of Dustin’s life. Dustin was truly a hometown hero, and Toombs County will remem-ber him often. As Jesus said: ‘‘Greater love has no one than this, to lay down one’s life for his friends.’’ Dustin sacrificed his life for his brothers and sisters in service to this great country. I will never forget our freedom fighter from Toombs County. MaST COMMUNITY CHARTER SCHOOL NAMED A 2017 BLUE RIB-BON SCHOOL OF EXCELLENCE (Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize MaST Community Charter School, an incredible institution in my district that was just named a 2017 Blue Ribbon School of Excellence by the Depart-ment of Education. MaST is a groundbreaking edu-cational community that emphasizes collaborative, technology-driven, hands-on learning. They are preparing the next generation of American lead-ers and visionaries who will change the future in ways we can only imagine. Blue Ribbon schools are character-ized by the highest level of academic excellence and by their success in clos-ing achievement gaps across student populations. These elite institutions are a gold standard of instruction, inclusion, and innovation. MaST Community Charter School was one of only 342 schools across the country to earn this honor this year. I want to congratulate the teachers, staff, administrators, parents, and stu-dents of the MaST Community Charter School on their remarkable and well- deserved achievement. f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF JESUS A. PERMUY (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight to honor my constituent, Jesus A. Permuy, for a lifetime of serv-ice to our south Florida community and to the cause of liberty in my na-tive homeland of Cuba. Like my family and me and so many others in my congressional district, Jesus was forced to flee Castro’s brutal tyranny. Jesus embraced his new life here in the United States and became involved in numerous civic and com-munity affairs while working to re-store freedom and democracy in Cuba. In 1976, Jesus secured accreditation for the Christian Democratic Move-ment of Cuba to speak before the U.N. Human Rights Commission in Geneva. For decades, Mr. Permuy has been in-volved in a number of human rights ad-vocacy organizations denouncing the systemic repression brought upon the Cuban people by the evil Castro re-gime. Jesus founded the Center for Human Rights in Miami. He is a dedi-cated husband, a proud father of 8 chil-dren, and a grandfather of 11 grand-children. Jesus is a shining example to us all. Thank you, Jesus A. Permuy, for your service to our community and to my native Cuba. REFUGES HAVE A TREMENDOUS IMPACT (Mr. JEFFRIES asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, each year, millions of Americans visit wild-life refuges throughout the country. They generate over $2 billion in eco-nomic activity and create 35,000 jobs. This wouldn’t be possible without help from dedicated and hardworking volun-teers. That is why we have introduced H.R. 3979, bipartisan legislation that reau-thorizes the National Wildlife Refuge System Volunteer, Community Part-nership, and Education Program. This program ensures public access to ref-uges for exploring, hunting, fishing, and studying wildlife. Refuges have a tremendous impact, even in Brooklyn, where Fish and Wild-life Service staff and volunteers work with local public schools to cultivate the next generation of conservationists and wildlife enthusiasts through hands- on learning. Carmen Wheeler, a second grade stu-dent in Brooklyn, recently wrote to me and said: ‘‘I think we should keep the wildlife refugees safe, even if they are far away, because they will always keep our world healthier.’’ We are with you, Carmen. f 
GIVING TO CHARITY IS CRUCIAL (Mr. WALKER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to announce the introduction of the Universal Charitable Giving Act. Many Americans believe that people, not the government, offer the best so-lutions to solve the ailments that face our society. Strong families, strong churches, and strong communities are the foundations of our Nation. By sup-porting charities, we can make our communities and our country a better place for Americans from all walks of life. Giving to charity is crucial for eco-nomic prosperity, happiness, and the success of our people, but for too long only the most wealthy have been incentivized to give to the causes they believe in. The Universal Charitable Giving Act incentivizes charitable giving for low- and middle-income taxpayers. It would allow everyone to deduct charitable giving, regardless of itemizing status. With tax reform, our aim is to in-crease take-home pay for middle Amer-ica. With my bill, our goal is to in-crease support for all charities. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the great work of our faith- based and charitable organizations by supporting this bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11OC7.075 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7960 October 11, 2017 
NAFTA RENEGOTIATIONS BEGIN (Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, this week, the fourth round of NAFTA re-negotiations will begin. President Trump will have an opportunity to de-liver on his promise last year to get a better deal for American workers. I hope he does. Our current trade deals are rigged in favor of the largest corporations in this country and against working people. In my home State of Rhode Island, we have lost 41,000 manufacturing jobs since NAFTA and the WTO took effect. That is more than half of the manufac-turing jobs in my State. The folks who kept their jobs have seen their pay-checks get smaller. Rhode Islanders know, most impor-tantly, that we need a trade deal that is fair; but they know that trade deals that we have now help powerful cor-porations, but they are killing Amer-ican jobs, helping corporations outsource jobs at the expense of work-ing people. This week I am asking President Trump to demand a new NAFTA agree-ment that has strong labor and envi-ronmental protections, that end for-eign tribunals that allow corporations to sue the U.S. Government and force taxpayers to pay the bill, that has bet-ter Buy American requirements, that has strict protections against currency manipulation, that has strong rules of origin on manufactured goods, and that has provisions that bring down the cost of prescription drugs. These are commonsense provisions that will empower American working families, and they should be included in any new trade agreement. 
f 
HOPE FOR TRAFFICKED VICTIMS (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, for years, Lynda could not bring herself to speak about her past turmoil and nightmares. Lynda is finally telling about her tortured life. When she was 16, two neighborhood boys drugged and sexu-ally assaulted her. Highly drugged, the boys convinced her to have sex for money just once. But it wasn’t for just one time, Mr. Speaker. They set up on-line advertisements to sell her and other girls. When one of the other girls tried to escape, they tied her to a chair and beat her up mercilessly. They mixed drugs into the food to maintain control over the girls. It was years before Lynda finally escaped her turmoil. Today, the rape and torture still haunts Lynda, but she works every day to become a survivor. I recently intro-duced the Abolish Human Trafficking Act that provides grants to ensure that victims like Lynda get help and serv-ices, such as mental health counseling, legal aid, job training, things that they deserve from us. This will help traf-ficking victims put their broken lives back together. Trafficking is a scourge, and we need to send a message to everyone that our kids are not for sale. And that is just the way it is. f 
b1715 WHITE HOUSE IMMIGRATION PRINCIPLES (Ms. JAYAPAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the cruel immi-gration proposal unveiled by the White House this week. This proposal goes be-yond some of the worst immigration bills. It demands billions more for bor-der security, tightens asylum stand-ards, cuts off legal immigration, and implements a faulty points-based sys-tem, undercutting our core values as a country and destroying our economy and our future. Mr. Speaker, two-thirds of all immi-grants to the United States are women and children, and these policies will disproportionately hurt them. A points-based system eliminates family- based immigration, and it is insulting to the valuable contributions of women, especially. Nearly 70 percent of all women immi-grants with legal status obtained it through the family system, and many are stuck in visa backlogs waiting years and even decades to reunite with their families. Mr. Speaker, immigration has never been just about immigration. It has al-ways been about who we are as a coun-try and what we are willing to stand up for. I believe the majority of my Re-publican colleagues want to pass the Dream Act, and I ask them to join us in rejecting these anti-immigrant poi-son pills and proposing real solutions that benefit the American people and unify our country. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JEREMY RICH, NEW YORK’S 2017 NATIONAL DISTIN-GUISHED PRINCIPAL (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Jeremy Rich, the principal at Barringer Road Elemen-tary School in Ilion, a constituent of the 22nd Congressional District. For his stellar record of service, profes-sionalism, and contributions to the educational process, Mr. Rich was named New York’s 2017 National Dis-tinguished Principal by the National Association of Elementary School Principals. In 2013, Mr. Rich became the prin-cipal of Barringer Road Elementary. Since that day, he has arrived at school promptly at 6:30 a.m. each morning, bringing a positive attitude and inspirational words to each morn-ing announcement. Prior to his service at Barringer Road, Mr. Rich served as principal at the now-closed Remington Elementary School, where he was integral in facili-tating the successful merger of the Mo-hawk and Ilion school districts. During his time at Ilion Junior High School, he served as the principal, the dean of students, and an English teach-er. Mr. Rich’s commitment to his role is unparalleled. Both teachers and par-ents alike describe Mr. Rich as com-forting, helpful, and passionate. One teacher described him as a ‘‘superstar principal and a fantastic human being.’’ Mr. Rich’s record exemplifies his clear dedication to public edu-cation, his students, and our commu-nity. Please join me today in congratu-lating this well-respected educator and beloved member of the 22nd District. f 
FOCUS ON THE PAIN THAT PEOPLE ARE SUFFERING (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me first of all say what the world is coming to and how much our friends, our neighbors in America have had to go through: the most recent tragedy and massacre in Las Vegas, and now the horrendous, unspeakable tragedy by fires in California. I offer my sym-pathy to my friends, M
IKEand J ARED , Congresspersons in California, and we look forward to working with them, and offer our sympathy for those who are lost, those who are missing. I think it is important, as we have these natural disasters, that we really attentively work on the pain that peo-ple are suffering; that is on the back side of Puerto Rico, where there is no power, and we don’t know the assess-ment of loss of life, there is no housing; from Florida to the U.S. Virgin Islands, where people are still waiting for re-lief, and the attention is not at the peak that it should. Then, in my own community, we are in desperate need of housing. We have senior citizens, after Hurricane Harvey, being dismissed and out of their homes. Finally, Mr. Speaker, we are looking for a new disaster supplemental food program. We have the okay from the U.S. Department of Agriculture. We have the State of Texas ready to work with us, but we must make sure that our local officials realize that this is a disaster and an emergency and that they move forward quickly to serve the people who are hungry and who are in need. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11OC7.078 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7961 October 11, 2017 
So, Harris County, you need to move faster to use the Federal funds that we now have. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF TOM PETTY (Mr. YOHO asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life and legacy of Gaines-ville’s native son, Mr. Tom Petty. Thomas Earl Petty was born on Octo-ber 20, 1950, and, over a career that spanned five decades, collected 28 top 10 hits, the most of all time. But his contribution cannot be meas-ured in hits or awards. He wrote Amer-ica’s soundtrack. Tom Petty’s story sounds familiar. He grew up in a small town, struggled, persisted, and then succeeded—a true American Dream story. But it is not what he did; it is how he did it that strikes us. It is the honesty, wit, and sentimentality that made his music special. Every hit Tom Petty crafted became an anthem, each song a score to the memorable moments of our lives. American life would be much diminished without his work. Jefferson and Madison wrote our sys-tem. Twain wrote our story that de-scribed Early American folklore. Petty wrote our songs. The songbook of America is bigger and brighter because of him. Rest in peace as you continue ‘‘Runnin’ Down a Dream.’’ 
f 
REPUBLICAN STUDY COMMITTEE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. T
AYLOR ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, we are here today because, almost 11 months ago, the American people voted to give Republicans control of unified govern-ment. They were tired of being crushed by rising healthcare costs due to ObamaCare. They wanted America’s economy to prosper again. They want-ed a secure border. During the months that followed, Congress worked with President Trump to sign over 50 bills into law. On top of that, the House passed over 270 laws that now sit in the Senate awaiting ac-tion. Despite this legislation, there is a unified voice that is loud and clear ar-riving daily from our base, saying, ‘‘Get something done.’’ The reason for that call is because Americans con-tinue to be crushed by government policies, something that is very evi-dent. These are the same policies that drove them to vote for us in the first place. Americans are scarred by the broken promises of the former administration. They could not keep their doctor, even though they were told by the former President they could. Their premiums did not go down $2,500, and their ex-changes did not work. ObamaCare resulted in fewer options and increased costs for many Ameri-cans. Out-of-pocket costs continue to soar, with overage deductibles for bronze plans topping $6,000 in 2017. Some States, like Arizona, faced pre-mium increases of 116 percent; Okla-homa, 69 percent. Tennessee faced a 63 percent increase. And one-third of counties have only one insurer offering coverage on the exchange. Some entire States like Wyoming, right below me, South Carolina, Oklahoma, and Alaska only have one insurer. Think about that. This trend is pre-dicted to worsen, with half of American counties only having one insurer in 2018. As we have come to almost 8 years with the ACA, or ObamaCare, we run a risk of thinking that it is normal. Our healthcare system was not perfect be-fore. We are not making that case. But ObamaCare made what was already bad even worse. We cannot think of these stats as mere numbers. Americans are really suffering under this law. Just because Senate Majority Leader MCCONNELL  gave up on repealing ObamaCare in the Senate does not mean Americans will give Congress and Republicans a pass. We cannot and we must not give up on this important promise. The burden of ObamaCare is only made worse by the lackluster growth of the economy in recent years. During the Obama administration years, the economy failed to grow even once at the historic goal of 3 percent a year, something we just saw in our last quar-ter. Americans are as industrious and in-novative as ever. Americans’ work ethic is not the problem. It is our anti-quated tax system that has been bogged down over the years by regu-lators and lobbyists. Since our last major rewrite of the Tax Code 31 years ago, the same year that ‘‘Top Gun’’ was number one in the box office, 1986, our Tax Code has added over 35,000 pages. Think about that— 35,000 pages. That is about three changes per day. Each page is another carve-out or a loophole for the well connected, leaving the rest of the econ-omy behind. Our companies are at a disadvantage internationally, as our tax rate stands at 35 percent, the highest, as we know now, in the industrialized world. Families continue to be punished with a marriage penalty. Our Tax Code should be a competi-tive advantage for our companies com-peting with the world. It should en-courage innovators to push the bound-aries and find success. The call to get something done that we hear loud and clear from Americans is also coupled with a call to make sure that we are doing our very best to se-cure the border. Perhaps there is no more vocal call from the past year than to build that wall. In 2016, the United States saw a surge in illegal border crossings, with 46,000 illegals apprehended in that October alone. This is both a fiscal and a secu-rity issue. Border security is more than just the border, though. Visa overstays are re-sponsible for up to 40 percent of illegal immigration. We need a solution, and we need an action to this problem if we are truly to secure the border. To add to these problems, more than 100 sanctuary jurisdictions have en-acted policies which restrict coopera-tion with ICE, allowing potentially dangerous illegal immigrant criminals to remain in our country. I am confident that the American people will deliver their final grade on Republicans over the next 3 months simply based on the three issues, the three promises that I am speaking about today: number one, continuing to work and replace and repeal ObamaCare; number two, reforming the Tax Code; and, number three, securing the border. In short, repeal, reform, se-cure; repeal, reform, secure. We need to fulfill these promises in the next 3 months. The urgency and the time is now. As I said before, the status quo on these policies is literally crushing Americans, and this is why they elect-ed Republicans. In fact, since 1913, when Republicans expanded, or when the House expanded the 387 Members to 435, this is the only time in history when back-to-back Congresses, the Americans have elected 240 or more Re-publicans, and it is time we did our job. We need to keep our promises to the American people. I am pleased to be joined by members of the Republican Study Committee today to talk about the importance of keeping these promises. That is why it is my privilege to introduce one of our newer members from Kansas, Rep-resentative R
ONESTES. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. E
STES). Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, after a decade of inadequate economic growth across America, there is new growing optimism that our economy is about to be set free again. Consumer confidence in the economy is the high-est it has been since 2000. Why? I be-lieve this is because the American peo-ple expect us to reform our broken Tax Code, and they are excited about it. Our outdated and overly complex Tax Code has held our economy down for the past decade. It is time we fix this and empower working families in America. Real tax reform will be the best way to help America climb up the economic ladder. A stronger economy will bring higher wages and better jobs. The goal is to make our Federal Code simple and to make it fair. b1730 The Tax Code, as it is, only benefits the rich and well-connected who can 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11OC7.079 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7962 October 11, 2017 
hire an army of lawyers to protect their interests. This is why Repub-licans are looking to enact real reform for all Americans. The argument against tax reform is this: the plan is just a tax cut for the rich. The reality is, this tax reform frame-work is focused on helping middle class families. The tax system is laid out by Republicans that allows low- and mid-dle-income workers to keep more of their hard-earned paychecks in order to save for their children’s college, for their retirement, or any other things that they want. I implore my colleagues across the aisle to do what is right and help to fix our antiquated Tax Code. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative E
STES. Perhaps no one knows more and has had more experi-ence than the chairman of our Judici-ary Committee, a former immigration attorney who has spent years working on resolving these issues. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to yield to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ). Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I very much appreciate the gentleman organizing this hour of Special Order remarks, and your leadership on these three important issues. Mr. Speaker, I rise to discuss the im-portance of bolstering enforcement of existing immigration law and securing the border. The interior enforcement and border security are vital to en-hancing public safety, keeping the door open to law-abiding immigrants, pro-tecting our borders, and restoring the rule of law. Under President Obama, interior en-forcement deteriorated dramatically as his administration refused to enforce immigration laws, rewrote the law through executive action, and imple-mented policies that enabled millions of unlawful and criminal aliens to re-main in the United States free from any possibility of removal. The Obama administration’s policies had—and continue to have—disturbing consequences. The rule of law was un-dermined as hundreds of thousands of Central American unaccompanied mi-nors and families arrived at the south-west border during the Obama years and were released into the U.S. Too many Americans were killed or seri-ously harmed at the hands of aliens who joined gangs or committed crimes. Fortunately, the Trump administra-tion has begun to reverse the Obama administration’s disastrous policies and is enforcing the law as written by Congress. President Trump has issued executive orders to strengthen interior enforcement and implement strong border security measures. The Depart-ment of Justice and the Department of Homeland Security are already exe-cuting these executive orders, and there have been quick results. Illegal border crossings at the South-west border dropped dramatically at the beginning of the Trump adminis-tration due, in large part, to consistent enforcement of the law and the strong message that the U.S. no longer toler-ates illegal immigration. However, illegal border crossings are rising again despite the best efforts of the Trump administration, dem-onstrating that the President should be granted additional, long-needed legisla-tive tools. The House Judiciary Com-mittee has been hard at work to im-prove our Nation’s immigration laws and has already approved bills that are crucial to enable our country to gain control of our immigration system. The Davis-Oliver Act is the keystone of our interior enforcement efforts and is named after Placer County Detective Michael Davis, Jr., and Sacramento County Deputy Sheriff Danny Oliver, two California law enforcement officers who were murdered by an unlawful im-migrant in October 2014. The bill improves the enforcement of our Nation’s immigration laws to en-hance public safety. Specifically, the Davis-Oliver Act provides tools to crack down on dangerous sanctuary city policies and contains much-needed changes to protect American commu-nities from unlawful immigrants who commit crimes in the United States, or are gang members. The Davis-Oliver Act also enhances national security by improving our Na-tion’s first line of defense, the visa issuance process. It provides thorough screening of foreign nationals seeking to enter the United States in order to prevent terrorists from entering our country. The bill also ensures the rule of law and removes the ability of any President to unilaterally shut down immigration enforcement by granting States and localities the authority to voluntarily assist in the enforcement of Federal immigration law and to en-force their own immigration laws con-sistent with Federal practices. The House Judiciary Committee has also approved several bills to reform the asylum and refugee programs to curtail rampant fraud, while ensuring that our Nation continues to be a safe haven for those persecuted around the world. The surge of Central American unaccompanied alien minors and fam-ily units seeking to enter the U.S. ille-gally at our southern border put a strain on manpower and resources. It also exposed loopholes in our Nation’s immigration laws that are being ex-ploited by smugglers and others seek-ing to game the system. The Asylum Reform and Border Pa-trol Act makes a number of improve-ments to our Nation’s laws to prevent fraud and abuse in the system and as-sure that asylum is reserved for those truly fleeing persecution in their home country. Further, the Protection of Children Act makes sure that unaccompanied alien minors who make the dangerous journey to the United States are swift-ly and safely returned home. For those who stay with a sponsor in the United States while awaiting their immigra-tion hearing, the bill provides for greater transparency and safety to these minors to ensure that they are not inadvertently delivered into the hands of criminals or abusers. The Refugee Program Integrity Res-toration Act reforms the refugee pro-gram by curbing fraud and strength-ening public safety and national secu-rity. It also provides State and local governments the power to decide if ref-ugees are to be resettled within their communities and gives Congress, not the President, the authority to set the overall refugee ceiling for each year. The House Judiciary Committee also plans to bring up a bill that protects jobs for citizens and legal workers, the Legal Workforce Act. This bill requires all U.S. employers to check the work eligibility of all future hires through the tried and tested E-Verify system. E-Verify quickly confirms 99 percent of work-eligible employees and takes less than 2 minutes to use. Over 740,000 American employers cur-rently use E-Verify, and 83 percent of America’s employers support a manda-tory electronic verification system. While many aspects of our Nation’s im-migration system need to be improved, including our guest worker program for American agriculture, we must strengthen the enforcement of our im-migration laws. Immigration enforce-ment is crucial to maintain our sov-ereignty, to protect national security, and to restore the rule of law. Mr. Speaker, I call on Congress to take up the House Judiciary Commit-tee’s immigration enforcement bills soon. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman G
OODLATTE and appreciate those powerful words. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
ESANTIS ), a col-league and one of the sharpest, most intellectual Members of Congress. Mr. D
ESANTIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from North Carolina for yielding. Mr. Speaker, if you were trying to do damage to the United States and you wanted to design a Tax Code that hin-dered economic growth, that diverted a lot of productive energy, that basically kept America from reaching its eco-nomic potential, you probably couldn’t do much worse than designing the code that we have. It is enormously complex—70,000 plus pages. I confess, there is no way I can do my own taxes, and I think that is true for millions and millions of Amer-icans. There is a frustration with that, but it also costs massive amounts of money and diverts energy. We are talk-ing about hundreds of billions of dol-lars that get diverted to complying with the Tax Code, and that is not opti-mal for economic growth. It repels capital and incentivizes companies to relocate overseas and take jobs overseas. You see companies reincorporating in Ireland or Canada. That is because we have the highest corporate tax rate in the industrialized world. We are almost trying to send businesses overseas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11OC7.082 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7963 October 11, 2017 
It doesn’t allow middle class families to keep enough of the money they earn. If you look over the past decade or so, family income really hasn’t risen by that much, yet the cost of living has gone up. So by taking more and more from taxes, it makes it harder for mid-dle class families to make ends meet. So reforming the Tax Code, doing a nice, big tax cut, I think is long over-due. It would be a boon to our econ-omy. You would have a simple sys-tem—no more 70,000 pages. Fill out your taxes on a postcard. That not only is more economically efficient, it gives people a lot of peace of mind to know they can do their taxes themselves. It is going to incentivize us to bring all of the trillions of dollars in overseas prof-its, and bring it back to the United States so that we can invest it here through our companies and create more jobs here. It will make our American businesses more competitive. Our business tax system is outdated. It is uncompeti-tive. This, I think, will change a lot of that by having a competitive business tax rate, and I think that that will mean more economic growth. So I think all that is pretty obvious to most people who look at this in a fair way. The question for us now is, we have to produce this bill. We have been talking about tax reform for a long time this year, and I think that is great, but it is time right now for us to produce this bill, debate it here in the House, pass it, and send it over to the United States Senate. I am not encouraged when, given the urgency of this, we are going on a re-cess next week. The House is not going to be here. You are not going to have a tax bill marked up in the Ways and Means Committee or unveiled to the public. Members are not going to be de-bating that. I think it is time that we do that, and I think there should be a sense of urgency with that. We have got to get our job done. I think the bill should have been passed by now, but let’s get it done. Send it to the Senate. I don’t think you would probably have very smart money to bet that the Senate is going to come through in the clutch. They haven’t shown they can do that yet. But this is going to be a big question for them: Can you get anything done in the U.S. Senate? This is something that we know we need to do. It will be good for our economy. All of the Republicans have said that our Tax Code is a disaster. So if we send them a good bill, this is going to be a major test. Can you apply the ma-jority that the voters gave us? Can you honor your promises and do something good for taxpayers? I hope the answer is yes. But I think in this body we have got to be focusing on, let’s put the Sen-ate to the test. Let’s draft, debate, and pass a strong, bold, tax cut and tax re-form. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his comments. I al-ways appreciate the contribution that the gentleman makes to the House and to the American people. I could not agree more. For those who may be listening or watching, you may have seen, in the last few months, a heightened energy, or an urgency when it comes to calling out our part-ners in the Senate to begin to move and to begin to act—not just on things like repealing the healthcare, ObamaCare, but also moving, getting ready to move, hopefully, on tax re-form. I know there has been some agree-ment on the framework, but, as the de-tails continue to be more and more clear, we hope our colleagues on the Senate are ready to move quickly and swiftly for the American people. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. N
ORMAN ), a brand-new Member who came in from a special election to replace OMB Direc-tor Mick Mulvaney when he took the position with President Trump’s ad-ministration. He has gotten up to speed quickly and is a huge asset to the Re-publican Study Committee and to the House Republicans as a whole. Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support the Republican Study Committee’s three promises in 3 months’ pledge to repeal ObamaCare, secure the border, and enable com-prehensive tax reform. I applaud RSC’s Chairman Mike Walker for his leadership on this and on this initiative. On the promises to repeal and secure, the House has begun to deliver by passing the American Health Care Act and providing $1.6 bil-lion in border wall funding. Tonight, I want to focus on the third promise: passing comprehensive tax re-form. Our Nation’s Tax Code affects every family, business, and worker and is a key driver behind America’s eco-nomic competitiveness. Congress has not passed comprehensive tax reform since 1986. That is 31 years. The average cost of a new house then in the United States was $89,430. For a new Ford F–150 pickup truck, the aver-age price was $8,350. Mr. Speaker, it has been way too long before we have taken comprehensive tax reform into consideration. Since then, the number of pages in the IRS code has increased by nearly 50,000 pages. The corporate tax rate is at 35 percent, which is the highest in the industrialized world. Ireland’s, to give you an example, is 12 percent. This is inexcusable. Congress took an important step for-ward last week through passing a budg-et resolution, and now it is time for the Senate to do their job on the budget so that we can deliver comprehensive tax reform for the American people. Mr. Speaker, our tax reform plan is both profamily, and proworker. The typical American family will receive a $4,000 pay raise under our plan and will turbocharge the economy through ena-bling gross domestic product growth to reach 3.2 percent minimum for the next 5 years. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to work-ing with the House leadership, Chair-man BRADY , and all of the congres-sional Members to pass this fair and simple tax reform package to make this country as great as it can be. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his comments. As you see, three promises, 3 months; Oc-tober, November, December, three promises, 3 months: repeal, reform, and secure. That is the promise from the Republican Study Committee, making up 157 members, 17 of the 20 chairmen. b1745 Now it is in our ability to make sure this gets through the Senate and passed into law by the President. We can’t force all that, but what we are committed to is doing our part and doing our job to get these pieces of leg-islation through regular order to the House for a vote to fulfill the promises that most of us ran on over the last several elections. It is also a wonderful privilege to-night to introduce our House veteri-narian—the gentleman can define that as he would need if we need a House veterinarian—but the great Represent-ative from central Florida who does fine work in the House, Dr. T
EDYOHO. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO). Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the chairman’s leadership on this. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the three promises, 3-month initia-tive that you have outlined here, and I think it is so important that we follow through with this. I want to start with tax reform. Members can say: Why do we need tax reform? I think it is self-evident. Our Tax Code, as you heard, is the most burdensome in the world. It stifles eco-nomic growth, entrepreneurship, and it creates noncompliance. So we need to simplify it. We have told the American people we were going to do that if we get in charge. I think the repeal of ObamaCare—and some people get offended if we call it ObamaCare, so I will refer to it as the Affordable Care Act. It has disrupted over 20 percent of our economy, and I think it is not affordable. We can talk to so many different people. I know our premiums went up $11,000 since I have come to Congress. In fact, our policy got canceled when I came to Congress because of ObamaCare. Then I think the third part of that is we promised the American people that we would repeal this in its entirety and fix healthcare so that people have ac-cess to healthcare, it is affordable, and that it is quality care is the part that gets left out. Then I want to touch on border secu-rity. This is something that we have all run on. Any nation needs a secure border. A sovereign nation has to have a secure border, and they have to have control over their border. However, due to the failures of politicians past and present, the U.S. southern border, in particular, remains porous. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11OC7.083 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7964 October 11, 2017 
I applaud President Trump for releas-ing a set of principles which I fully en-dorse and his priorities that are fo-cused on making our borders more se-cure. President Trump’s consistent message calling for better enforcement of our immigration laws and improving border security is one of the main rea-sons he won the Presidency. President Trump is sticking to his campaign promises, which is refreshing to see in Washington, D.C., these days, a town where too many times there is an aversion to making tough decisions in fear of how that will be viewed in the next election. So it is refreshing to see President Trump do what he said he was going to do. Protecting our borders, ending sanc-tuary cities, and facilitating State and local cooperation in immigration en-forcement are commonsense ideas that will protect national security, promote public safety, and deter future illegal immigration. We are hard at work on solving these problems of illegal immi-gration in the House. Just three real quick facts: From November 2013 to July 2014, of-ficials apprehended 143 individuals list-ed on the U.S. terrorist watch list try-ing to cross the Mexican border and enter the U.S. illegally. So many times I hear people say that this is not true and that this does not happen, but we know better. As of 2014, illegal immigrants were convicted and sentenced for about 13 percent of the crimes in the United States. Then, lastly, border security should also focus on maritime domain. Our Coast Guard, a hardworking branch of our military service, has set a new record for cocaine seizures at sea for the second consecutive year, seizing more than 455,000 pounds of cocaine in 2017 that was destined for the home-land. So I am proud to join the Republican Study Committee in recognizing the necessity of border security today. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative Y
OHO, and we appre-ciate the gentleman’s work in the United States House. Mr. Speaker, one of the most accom-plished men, sometimes a person whom we refer to as ‘‘Governor’’ around here when it comes to political minds, is the gentleman from South Carolina, Rep-resentative M
ARK SANFORD . Week in and week out, he is a very diligent and great leader in this House. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to yield to the fine gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. S
ANFORD ). Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I would make two quick points on the importance of tax reform. One, I would refer to an editorial that appeared in yesterday’s Wall Street Journal. What it talked about was the nexus between deficits and tax reform. Oddly enough, if you look at the num-bers here of late and if you look at the 2017 CBO report, what it shows is that, in fact, deficits are creeping up again. Last year’s number is $668 billion. What they point to in this editorial was that a good part of the reason why deficits have escalated has been tied to anemic economic growth and that, un-like other recoveries that had been more robust in nature, the revenues had not come in as they have in past recoveries. As a consequence, deficits have exploded. So if you care about the deficits—and I do, and I know that the gentleman from North Carolina does, and I know that other members of the RSC do. If you care about deficits, then you have got to do something about tax reform this year was, in essence, the premise of the editorial. The other point I would make is this. In a capitalistic society, capital mat-ters. In essence, it is a mathematical formula. Savings drives investment, which drives productivity gain, which ulti-mately impacts standards of living or wages, which we talk about. There are only two ways of increasing or improv-ing human productivity. One is with gray matter: you can build a better mousetrap because you have been well educated and you can think of some-thing different. The other is with phys-ical capital. One person with a bull-dozer can move a lot more dirt than one person with a shovel. Yet what we oftentimes forget in the debate on tax reform is how important it is that we encourage and, in essence, complement the efforts of those who are out there risking on a daily basis. So with that in mind, it is important that we have tax reform that includes people who are actually, again, build-ing businesses. Think about this: the top 25 percent of the earners out there pay 90 percent of the taxes; the top 10 percent pay 60 percent of the taxes. Now, let’s define that for just a sec-ond. If you are in the top 25 percent, that begins at $77,000. If you are in the top 10 percent, you are at $133,000. Now, tell me this: When I talk to a truck driver and a schoolteacher at home, their combined income could be around $100,000. Are they rich? I would say no. But they are out there making the kinds of risks that are necessary to the building of capital that was exactly what The Wall Street Journal talked about. If we want to do something about deficits, and if we want to do some-thing about capital formation that is so necessary to raising wages, then we have got to do something about this equation. It is important that those earners and those small-business peo-ple not be left out, as is the case right now. That is yet another reason why tax reform is so important this year. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative S
ANFORD ; I appreciate the gentleman’s good words, experi-ence, and knowledge. Mr. Speaker, speaking of Congress as a whole, it is well past time to make sure that tax reform and tax relief gets across to the American people. A lot of times we talk about classes. The truth is it is probably better ter-minology to talk about income levels, lower, middle and higher income levels. That is one of the reasons that we are pushing forward the Charitable Giving Act, which is something that impacts both the lower and middle income lev-els. We believe that is something that needs to be connected to tax reform to make sure that those folks who come from a background of teachers and truck drivers as we just heard about, but also other areas of the middle class and maybe lower income levels, some-thing that they have a way where they are able to make sure that every dollar and every sacrifice they give back to a charitable organization—whether it is a local church or whether it is to the United Way—to make sure that every dollar is counted. This is something that has been going on way too long. As we know, there are 75,000 pages right now of IRS Tax Code regulations. If the IRS wants to come after a private citizen, the pri-vate citizen doesn’t have much of a re-source ability to fight back whether it is in the legal or whether it is extended wealth. This is a machine that has been building, and the bureaucracy has been growing well past time. It is time to neuter the IRS. One of the ways we can do that is reducing it from seven tax brackets down to three. It was erroneously shared by somebody across the aisle recently that we are driving up the lowest bracket from 10 percent to 12 percent. The truth is this: we are condensing it right now to three tax brackets—35 percent, 25 percent, and 12 percent—and doubling the standard deduction from $12,000 to $24,000. This is something that we are looking forward to doing to benefit the American people. We talk much in these Halls about bipartisan support or bipartisan this or that. When did it become an issue, when did it become a problem, and when did it become a point of conten-tion to allow the American people to keep more of the money from the hard work they put in day in and day out, week in and week out? That is some-thing that we must do. That is some-thing that should not even be a place of argument or a place of debate when it comes back allowing these folks to continue. For some, we can get past the tax credit language. We can move on be-yond the charitable deductions and all the different political and accounting words. What about just the family of four that needs another car, that needs to be able to afford a car payment to get a mom or a dad back and forth to work, or maybe a teenager in the house? We have been through that twice now. We had more claims than we probably should, but we get it. But also, maybe it is a few more times out to eat or to the movies, the things that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11OC7.085 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7965 October 11, 2017 
make you want to get up every day and continue to pursue that American Dream. But not only from the individual side of this—certainly very important—but what about this corporate tax rate, this business rate that we talk con-stantly about that almost has become Washington jargon talking points? Why is that so important? Over the years since the 1930s and 1940s, our corporate business rate has climbed to the highest in the industrial world. Why is that? Why would we make it tougher on our manufacturers and our companies to have a higher tax rate? What incentive is it to stay here? We could track company after company. I come from the State of North Caro-lina where textiles and furniture used to be two of our top three job pro-viders. A lot of those companies now you will find in Vietnam or other places. That corporate tax rate that literally has gone through the roof, why wouldn’t we want to reduce that busi-ness rate? Why wouldn’t we want to incentivize companies to begin to bring those jobs back to the United States? I think it is crucial, and I think it is something that all of us should have the energy and the ability to be able to get behind and really push forward. We have been promising this for how long? Since 1986? I was a junior in high school. Thirty-one years this has been on the docket, and the moment is now for us to deliver. If it is not now, as Reagan used to say, then when? Then how? What should we be doing if it is not fulfilling the very promise that we have made to the American people, and that is that we are going to provide genuine—not some kind of phony legis-lation, not some kind of showboat, but genuine tax reform and tax relief for the American people? Now, you may hear sometimes that, hey, the Republican plan is only for the most wealthy. Let’s look at the num-bers. Let’s put a little math equation up, if we could, please. Let’s say that the most wealthy—if you are talking about somebody who makes $1 million, let’s say we reduce their taxes by 1 percent. My math that I am doing here in my mind, that comes to about $10,000. Let’s say, if you go to that middle-in-come family, two parents working as hard as they can, they are bringing about $50,000 a year annually, yet their tax break, their tax benefit is 10 per-cent. Now, math tells me that is only $5,000 compared to the $10,000. So you may hear the spin from time to time, well, the wealthier are getting the higher tax break, the wealthier are getting the higher tax credit. Listen, when it comes to dollar for dollar, the impact that that makes to the middle and lower income families is drastic. I will tell you this. Every time we turn around, every time that each Member goes back and forth to his district, he is hearing the same message: ‘‘Get something done.’’ Tax reform is one of those areas where, specifically, we are being com-pelled, we are being urged, and we are being called. My fellow Members in the House, please hear those urgent voices right now. Even if Members want to move past the tax relief and the hu-manitarian component, is it not politi-cally strategic for us to do what we have promised to do on behalf of the American people? As I said in my opening, I am con-fident that the American people will deliver the final grade over the next 3 months. The 115th Congress, what kind of grade will we have over the next 3 months if we do not deliver on these three promises? I am hoping that that urgency is res-onating. Repealing and replacing, con-tinuing to fight to repeal and replace ObamaCare, to make sure that we are continuing to reform and do everything that we can to reform the Tax Code. Finally, the promise that we have been making year after year is to make sure that we are protecting the American people by securing our border. I understand that each of these items is a major legislative item in its own right. To be frank, we should have been delivering on them throughout the year. It is October, the 10th month of year. It is high past time. We only have such a busy agenda this late in the game because we haven’t delivered on our promises. b1800 I want to thank my colleagues and fellow Republican Study Committee members tonight for joining us this evening. I would ask the American people to continue to support and continue to urge their Members of Congress to de-liver on these promises. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
REAUTHORIZE CHIP The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Ari-zona (Mr. O’H
ALLERAN ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Speaker, as a Member of Congress, as a father, and as a grandfather, nothing I do is more im-portant than ensuring every child in Arizona and America has the oppor-tunity to live up to their God-given po-tential. No matter where they live, kids deserve to grow up healthy, with every chance to succeed. That is why it is beyond unaccept-able that, for the first time ever, Con-gress missed the deadline to reauthor-ize the Children’s Health Insurance Program. For decades, CHIP has been a bipar-tisan program and has been reauthor-ized with broad support, until now. It has now been 11 days since CHIP ex-pired. This is an outrage for children across the Nation who depend on the affordable, quality care they receive, thanks to CHIP. It is especially trou-bling for Arizona. Arizona has had the unfortunate dis-tinction of being one of the worst States for healthcare access for chil-dren. Until last year, it was the only State in the entire Nation without an active Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram. Arizona froze CHIP KidsCare pro-gram in 2010. At its height, the waiting list for coverage after the freeze topped 100,000. I repeat: the list topped 100,000 because of a freeze put on by the State of Arizona. Two years ago, Congress reauthorized CHIP and included enhanced match rate funding for States under the Af-fordable Care Act. Thanks to advocates on the ground and with bipartisan sup-port in our State legislature, this en-hanced funding finally paved the way for our State to reopen KidsCare. Last year, KidsCare began enrolling children—over 23,000 so far. We have just begun the hard work of educating and reaching out to the working fami-lies who qualify for coverage. Arizona is one of a handful of States, as you can see here in this chart in blue, that would run out of Federal funds to cover children by December of this year, absent congressional action. Families in these States are the most at risk for losing critical access to care, until Congress steps up to the plate and passes a robust reauthoriza-tion with enhanced rate funding. I have met and heard from many of these families and their providers. I know what is it stake for them. Cate Arnquist is a mother from Tuc-son, Arizona, whose 8-year-old son, Zachary, was approved for coverage through KidsCare last month. This is a huge relief to Cate, who recently moved to Arizona with her husband and works at a local elementary school. Cate said: It’s important for me to know that if I need to take him to the doctor, I will be able to take him. As a parent, your kids are al-ways your biggest priority. I think every parent wants to make sure their kids are healthy. 
Cate, I couldn’t agree with you more. Kids like Zachary deserve to know that their elected officials here in Congress are looking out for them. Graciela is a working single mom who lives in Phoenix. Her 17-year-old daughter, who suffers from high blood pressure, relies on KidsCare coverage. Graciela says: 
I just pray and ask everybody who is be-hind CHIP to think about it. They don’t know how hard it is sometimes when you are a parent and you don’t know what to do. Should I put a plate of food on the table or should I take my kid to the doctor? 
These are questions no parent in Ari-zona or in America should have to ask themselves. Doctors in our community agree. A pediatrician practicing in Gilbert, Arizona, shared an important story 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11OC7.086 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7966 October 11, 2017 
with us about a family with five chil-dren in her practice. The father works as a grocer, but makes $20 too much to qualify for Medicaid. That is $20. One of the children has significant developmental delays and another child has a serious neurological dis-ease. After the youngest child was born, it became clear that he most likely had the neurological disease as well. The doctor referred this child for evaluation, but the family was unable to take him to the neurologist because they could not afford the office visits and diagnostic testing necessary. Had KidsCare been open at the time, the family could have applied for coverage, since they qualified, based on their in-come. This story and our experience in Ari-zona should be a cautionary tale for the rest of the States who may freeze their program if Congress fails to reau-thorize CHIP now. No family should be put at risk when they need help for their kids. Working families like these are doing their best to make ends meet and raise healthy kids. Reauthorizing CHIP isn’t just the right thing to do morally, but it is the smart, economic decision for our com-munities. I understood that when I was a Republican State legislator and fought for KidsCare, and I understand it now here in Congress. We all know that when children have meaningful access to quality, afford-able, comprehensive healthcare cov-erage, our schools, families, and our State’s bottom line all win. Healthy kids have a better shot in school and grow up to be healthy adults. When we invest in them, when we invest in their families, we are in-vesting in their futures and our future. We must do better. Instead of playing partisan games and spending time on bills that make coverage and afford-ability worse for Americans, we need to make CHIP reauthorization front and center of our focus. While I am pleased that the Senate Finance Committee and the House En-ergy and Commerce Committee have started to take up action, it is past time to get a robust bill to the Presi-dent’s desk. CHIP has long been a bipartisan pro-gram, and I will keep working with anyone, regardless of office or party, to make sure our kids have the care they deserve. They are counting on us. We cannot let them down. I am pleased to be joined this evening by my colleagues who are committed to fighting for kids in our commu-nities. I want to thank them for join-ing this Special Order hour to fight for CHIP and a strong reauthorization process. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ). Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arizona for yield-ing and for his leadership in organizing this Special Order hour. There is no more sacred responsi-bility that we have than to ensure that the children in this country have ac-cess to quality, affordable healthcare. So I rise this evening to speak in sup-port of the vital Children’s Health In-surance Program, also known as CHIP. As you know, Mr. Speaker, CHIP au-thorization expired on September 30, 2017—this past September. This pro-gram assures that 9 million children, including 27,000 children and pregnant women in my home State of Rhode Is-land, are provided with low-cost health insurance, which covers essential serv-ices such as routine checkups, immuni-zations, doctor visits, prescriptions, dental and vision care, inpatient and outpatient hospital care, laboratory and x-ray services, and emergency services. This historically bipartisan program has been successful in lowering the per-centage of children who are uninsured from nearly 14 percent when it started in 1997 to 4.5 percent in 2015. Historic achievements. If not extended by Congress soon, many States will no longer be able to fund the program and will begin lim-iting coverage, some as early as the end of this year. In fact, the Kaiser Family Founda-tion recently concluded that, without an extension of CHIP, ‘‘States would face budget pressures, children would lose coverage, and implementation of program changes could result in in-creased costs and administrative bur-den for States as well as confusion for families.’’ If not extended by Congress soon, many States will no longer be able to fund the program and will begin lim-iting coverage. Congress must also act with urgency to extend and reauthorize the other programs that were enacted in the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthor-ization Act of 2015, including extending funding for community health centers; the Personal Responsibility Education Program; the rural and Medicare-de-pendent hospitals program; Teaching Health Centers; Maternal, Infant, and Early Childhood Home Visiting Pro-gram; and the Special Diabetes Pro-gram for type 1 diabetes and for Indi-ans. These critical programs, as well as CHIP, are vital to the American healthcare system, and they support access to high-quality, affordable care. I want to again thank the gentleman from Arizona for providing this Special Order. This is urgent and should be an urgent priority for the Congress of the United States to reauthorize this crit-ical program to absolutely insist that children—as I said, 9 million children across this country—have access to quality, affordable healthcare, includ-ing 27,000 children and pregnant women in my home State. Democrats are urging our Republican colleagues to reauthorize this bill im-mediately so that the families who are so anxious about whether or not they will continue to have the ability to ac-cess quality, affordable healthcare can rest comfortably and know that this work is done. I thank the gentleman again for his leadership and for yielding to me on this very important issue. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Rhode Is-land for caring about our Nation’s chil-dren. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ). Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I think it is a new low for this Congress to allow the critical and bipartisan Children’s Health Insurance Program to expire. This program is 20 years old, and this has never happened, where we have al-lowed the basic safety net healthcare program for children to expire. We hear over and over again, Mr. Speaker, you talk about the ne’er do well, lazy ones of our constituents who are poor and don’t want to work. But, Mr. Speaker, these are children who are ineligible for work and unavailable to take care of themselves. We are de-stroying the health safety net for chil-dren. But it is not that we haven’t had time to extend CHIP. We have renamed post offices. We have renamed a high-way. We have advanced the House budget reconciliation riddled with un-paid tax cuts for the wealthy, including the repeal of the estate tax, which alone would increase our deficit by $269 billion by 2025. Mr. Speaker, that is bil-lion with a B. Are Republicans in this body trying to solve the budget crisis and our def-icit problem by cutting CHIP? I don’t think so. Even more, Mr. Speaker, last week, we spent a considerable amount of time debating the 20-week abortion ban. We heard passionate speeches about how important it was to preserve the life of fetuses. We spent all this time and speaker after speaker making emo-tional demands on this body that we restrict women’s body autonomy, but we spent no time reauthorizing the program for little Junior, once he crowns and is born—the basic healthcare that he needs immediately exiting the womb. b1815 Mr. Speaker, simply put, it is hypo-critical for you to say that life ends as soon as the umbilical cord is cut. And, Mr. Speaker, your actions prove it. You know, I am of the mindset of one of our news reporters, Rachel Maddow, that we ought to just watch what you do and not what you say. Almost 9 million children depend on CHIP for healthcare; 9 million children from low- to moderate-income families who will lose access to vaccinations, routine checkups, dental care, mental healthcare, prescriptions, and some of these children are profoundly disabled. Mr. Speaker, what is going to happen to the 24 percent of the children en-rolled in CHIP that have special 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11OC7.088 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7967 October 11, 2017 
healthcare needs, including asthma and learning disabilities? The health of our children depends on this program, yet, Mr. Speaker, all you can do to muster up a reauthorization for CHIP is to fund it by increasing Medicare premiums—Medicare, a pro-gram designed for people over 65—and cutting the Prevention and Public Health Fund. All you can do, Mr. Speaker, is to pit old people against our babies in order to provide basic healthcare to children. This sounds really Faustian, and it is unimaginable, yet this is the reality that we are working with. Mr. Speaker, it is now time to put these politics aside and to reauthorize CHIP now for 5 years. This is a disgrace not only in this Nation, but inter-nationally. I, as an American, don’t want to be judged by putting our kids last. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from Wisconsin for her comments. Mr. Speaker, I am kind of new to this body, but when I came here, I came with the same intention as I did when I first got into the Arizona State Legis-lature. One of the first issues I worked on was this program, a program that helped kids stay healthy, a program so that they could be successful at school, a program that is imperative. Yet, today, millions of people around this country, millions of families around this country are asking themselves: What are they going to do about my children’s health? What is going to happen? Who is going to be there for my child? When I was a police officer, I had, sadly, the ability to see people in pov-erty day in and day out, what it meant to their families, but especially what sick children look like, what it means to see children taken out of homes in ambulances instead of having prevent-ative care, what it means for a child to have to be in a hospital instead of hav-ing had the ability to have preventa-tive care, what it means to a child with disabilities to have to go through that process and not have the physical ther-apy that is needed. This happened time and time again before CHIP became reality. I don’t think America wants to go back there. I think America wants to move forward and make sure our children are healthy and able to withstand the issues in our society that lead us to make sure that they do. I cannot understand, for the life of me, why we would keep these fami-lies—it is 11 days now. It is going to mean many more. We will have to find some level of agreement. Yet, as was just mentioned by the gentlewoman from Wisconsin, we are funding this by taking money away from the elderly, from those also in need, from those also at risk. I have to say that when I patrolled the streets of Chicago, I did so to make sure that people were saved and safe. And I can’t believe that I have come to this body and found out that we are willing to keep these families waiting, we are willing to sit back and not un-derstand the core issues of what it means to those families to have to suf-fer through this process of the un-known of their child’s future healthcare. I have to say that this is an issue that most Americans and most of this body agree to. I don’t know why we have gone down this path of taking money—or thinking of taking money away from the elderly. It is wrong. But I do know that we should get this dealt with quickly and make sure the fami-lies in America that need it can pro-vide for their children’s health. Mr. Speaker, I yield to Representa-tive L
ANGEVIN , the gentleman from Rhode Island. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman for yielding. I appreciate all his time and effort he is putting into bringing attention to this vital issue. It is an honor to join him this evening as we highlight the immi-nent need to pass a full reauthorization of the Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram. Now, I represent the great State of Rhode Island, a State with over 27,000 children and pregnant women at risk of losing healthcare if CHIP is not fully funded. It is deeply troubling to me and many of my constituents, my col-leagues in government; and we fought hard over the years to make sure that we did better by our young people, by the most vulnerable, and by pregnant women in making sure that they had the healthcare coverage that they des-perately need and deserve. Now, in Rhode Island, the lack of a reauthorization endangers $26 million in Federal funds that support this vul-nerable population, many of whom will not otherwise have comprehensive cov-erage. This is particularly frustrating because congressional Republicans knew that CHIP funding would expire on September 30. They had ample time to fix this problem in a bipartisan way and have chosen not to. Instead of proactively crafting legis-lation to ensure 9 million low-income children and families maintain access to affordable, high-quality healthcare, Republicans focused their efforts on gutting the Affordable Care Act to the exclusion of everything else. Now, in the service of their political priority to eliminate coverage for 23 million, they are passing on an oppor-tunity to govern on multiple healthcare fronts. Rather than work to find meaningful bipartisan solutions, Republicans still seek ways of system-atically unraveling ACA protections and have only offered untenable op-tions to offset the cost of CHIP. That is no way to govern responsibly or to even remotely do it in a bipartisan way, which they could do. Now, their plan to pay for healthcare for one population by stripping access to healthcare from another is wrong. This approach of robbing Peter to pay Paul does nothing to build a founda-tion for a healthier future, nor does it protect the communities with suffi-cient healthcare access today. Proposing to slash the ACA’s Preven-tion and Public Health Fund and cre-ating a greater financial burden on sen-iors by suggesting destructive Medi-care changes are not acceptable ways to bring Democrats to the table and pass a CHIP reauthorization with bi-partisan support. Which, by the way, I am sure my colleagues have mentioned as they were speaking tonight, when CHIP was first authorized, it was done collaboratively in a bipartisan way at a contentious time in Congress, back when it was first enacted. But they found a way to do the right thing for vulnerable individuals, particularly our children, and we need to come to-gether again. We have a responsibility to move quickly, to ensure our children con-tinue to have access to high-quality, affordable coverage. States like Rhode Island deserve to know that we will support the efforts to provide for the children in the State. The health pro-fessionals who treat these children de-serve more certainty. Most impor-tantly, the children who benefit from CHIP deserve much better than to be threatened with coverage termination because my colleagues in the majority can’t set aside their political ambi-tions and goals. Mr. Speaker, I just want to again thank my colleague for raising an alarm bell on this issue, calling atten-tion and focusing the American people on the need to reauthorize CHIP. We take great pride in Rhode Island that over the years we have built a very strong program to cover vulner-able children and pregnant women. We have been leaders in the country in having a very low rate of uninsured. Going back even before the ACA was enacted, we had a model program with our Rite Care and Rite Share program. There were hard-fought battles that moved the ball forward for providing better and more responsible health cov-erage for the people who need it and de-serve it the most. We need to come together now in a bipartisan way to make sure that CHIP is reauthorized. We cannot let this pro-gram fail. We cannot fail our children, our most vulnerable populations. We can come together in a bipartisan way. Democrats stand ready to do just that, come together in a bipartisan way to reauthorize CHIP, just as it had been authorized in a bipartisan way when it was first created. Now, I know that there are many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle who care as passionately about covering low-income children, pro-viding affordable healthcare, doing the right thing by our children, and I look forward to reaching out across the aisle to do just that. Let’s do this in a bipartisan way. Let’s do the right thing and put partisan politics aside and cover our children. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11OC7.090 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7968 October 11, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, I thank again Mr. O’H
ALLERAN for his leadership on this vital issue, and I look forward to con-tinuing to work with him as we reau-thorize CHIP, hopefully in the very near future. Again, we got to do this together. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Rhode Island not only for his discus-sion today, but also for all his work on behalf of the children of America. I think that his record speaks for itself, and it is obvious that what we just heard came from his heart. So I thank the gentleman for his remarks. I asked my fellow colleagues, when they start to work on this bill again— hopefully, they do it in a speedy fash-ion—that when they wake up in the morning, they think of what it means to have their child potentially without healthcare, what it means to have the unknown that we don’t know if next month or the month later they will lose that coverage because Congress has failed to address the issue that they have all agreed on for 20 years. We have to and we must find a way to come to agreement. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. N
ORMAN ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my good friend, Mr. H
IGGINS from Louisiana. 
THE PLIGHT OF THE CITIZENS OF LOUISIANA  
IMPACTED BY HURRICANE HARVEY  
Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise unscripted to bring to the attention of the entire Na-tion the plight of the good citizens of Louisiana who were impacted by Hurri-cane Harvey last month. Beside me at this graph shows the rainfall, the water event of Hurricane Harvey as it im-pacted Texas and Louisiana. b1830 As anyone can see, it was a tremen-dous water event, unprecedented rain-fall, that overwhelmed any water man-agement system. And, as anyone can see, the parishes of southwest Lou-isiana were impacted, as well as many counties in Texas, yet, as we discuss disaster relief, Louisiana is absent from our conversation. I point out, to all who would choose to witness, the State line of Louisiana, as defined by the Sabine River, and the impact of Hurricane Harvey. Mr. Speaker, Hurricane Harvey did not recognize the artificial State boundaries that we have created as a Republic, nor should we as we provide disaster relief for our citizens. Just after Hurricane Harvey had impacted Texas and Louisiana, my office drafted a letter to the executive branch to a President that I admire and respect, advising him of the impact, and beg-ging his expedited approval of the dis-aster status once the formal request had been submitted by our Governor. Sometime later, just 2 weeks ago, that formal request was submitted by the Governor of our State. Just after that submission, my office drafted and submitted a second letter requesting expedited approval of disaster status for these citizens of Louisiana, who were clearly just as impacted by this storm as many citizens in Texas. Tomorrow, we shall send a third let-ter, this time signed by the entire Lou-isiana delegation. I ask that the Nation recognize the plight of the people I rep-resent. The good and patriotic citizens of southwest Louisiana are suffering. I respect and admire my President, I support him, I have supported him since day one, and I support him still. But it is important that we, as rep-resentatives of we the people, commu-nicate clearly our intent and our serv-ice. I beg that the leaders of the execu-tive branch level would witness this clear evidence of the need for disaster declaration of the parishes of south-west Louisiana. And I beg that this message is received with the spirit with which it is delivered, which is re-spectful, yet in determined service of the citizens whom I have sworn to rep-resent. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding these precious moments to me. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, we had some interesting days here, but, over the weekend, being back in Texas, I am hearing the cries from people all over east Texas. There is a small number that say: Hey, I am not making much, and I am getting a subsidy from the government, so I am okay on my healthcare, I am young, I have no health problems, and that is fine. But over and over, there is a cry going out around America that says: We elected Republicans in the majority in the House and the majority in the Senate to help us with our healthcare— with really health insurance. Every-body can get healthcare. You can just go to the emergency room, whether you have money or not. This is really more about health in-surance. Some of us have not wanted health insurance to make our major decisions for us on our own healthcare. We haven’t wanted the government to make major decisions on our healthcare, but both are making those decisions for people across the country today. Unfortunately, there are people tell-ing me they are paying $8,000, $10,000, $12,000. I heard one for $20,000 yesterday from Texas, $20,000 for the family’s in-surance, and they have a $12,000 de-ductible, and they can’t afford either one. They expected help. President Trump is not the Congress. He has pushed, shoved, cajoled, done everything he could to try to get Con-gress moving in the House after a back and forth, wailing, gnashing of teeth. We got a bill. It wasn’t perfect by any stretch. But at least it would have given people relief from high pre-miums, most Americans. Hopefully, Republicans won’t misrepresent the truth, as some did. Actually, we know some people just flat lied about ObamaCare. People who said, ‘‘If you like your insurance, you can keep it,’’ they knew it was a lie. If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor. They knew that was a lie. And now the people are suffering the consequences of trusting people in gov-ernment who lied to them. They were deceived. But even with all the decep-tion, most of the time it appeared that a clear majority of Americans did not want what was fraudulently called the Affordable Care Act. There was nothing affordable about it, unless you didn’t have any healthcare problems at all. People who are carrying the weight of the taxes in this country have need-ed help. They counted on us to provide legislative changes, repeal of ObamaCare, let’s put a system in place where people can make their own healthcare decisions, and we sent the bill to the Senate, and I still believe we should have been demanding more of the Senate every day. I know there are a lot of people who say: Well, Republicans can’t lose the majority in the Senate because there are a bunch more Democrats whose seats are up this time instead of Re-publicans. Yes, we can lose the major-ity, even when there are more Demo-cratic seats up for election. That is what happens when people are sorely disappointed. Many stay home, and the wrong people will get elected when too many people stay home. But the adage is, still true, democ-racy ensures people are governed no better than they deserve. So whether anybody liked or disliked President Obama as our President—and, by the way, for those who like to throw out the term ‘‘hater,’’ I don’t hate any-body, but I can certainly disapprove of conduct. For 8 years, America deserved Barack Hussein Obama. Before that, whether you like him or not, I like him, America deserved George W. Bush. Before that, America deserved 8 years of William Clinton—I forget his middle name. Before that, 4 years of George H. W. Bush. Before that, 8 years of Ronald Reagan. And I am very pleased that America deserved Donald Trump over Hillary Clinton last No-vember. It is interesting, though, being in hearings today and hear people clam-bering that they demand action from this department, that department, it is taking too long, while, at that very moment, Democratic Senators at the other end of this building are doing ev-erything they can to prevent confirma-tion of President Trump’s appointees 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11OC7.091 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7969 October 11, 2017 
to those departments so they can start getting things done. It is amazing when one party like that can hold the ability, because of the filibuster rule, because of the re-quirement for 60 votes, apparently, they are able to hold up these ap-pointees. To me, that is all the reason to go ahead and say: Do you know what, you are demanding action from people who you have not confirmed yet, so we are not going to let you play that game anymore. You have people saying, ‘‘Oh, my goodness, these de-partments aren’t getting decisions made, aren’t getting their work done,’’ and all the while you are holding them back from being able to do it by not confirming the people who need to be doing that work. The Senate ought to just say: We are not playing that game, we are not let-ting you play that game, we are going to call the game off, we are going to get serious about America’s problems, and we are going to confirm President Trump’s nominees with 51 votes, not just judges, we are going to confirm his nominees with 51 votes. We cannot tol-erate people—really it is fraudulent ac-tivity to hold back the nominees from being confirmed and then vilify the ad-ministration for not getting the work done that those nominees who hadn’t been confirmed will have to do. The Senate needs to respond. The Senate did not respond to the bill we sent to them. That was quite inter-esting. In my 12 years here, I have never seen a situation like that, Mr. Speaker, where some of us got calls from people in the Senate who don’t normally get calls, and that included people from the Tuesday Group, the Freedom Caucus, the Republican Study Committee, and the Republican leader-ship. They all were asking the same question: Okay, would you please promise us that if we pass this healthcare bill in the Senate that you will not take it up and pass it in the House? Because it is only if you guys promise us, the Republicans promise us, you won’t pass the bill that we have down here—apparently, it was so bad— that we will let it go to committee, or you will amend it, but you just promise us you won’t pass the bill if we pass it. Well, as far as I know, everybody I talked to gave reassurance to the Sen-ators who called them and said: No, we promise, we won’t pass your bill, it is terrible, we won’t, we can assure you. Even with those assurances, just the effort to get something passed so that we can come together in a conference between House conferees and Senate conferees, just to come together for the chance—this bill that the Senate was taking up to have some skinny repeal, they called it, of ObamaCare, and at least some measure of change to the suffering that people are enduring right now, and they still couldn’t get 51 votes, which is all they needed under the reconciliation process. Even when they were assured: We promise you, we won’t pass this bill, you will get another chance to vote, just help the process, let’s get it to conference, so we can get some relief to the American people who are suffering, suffering so much that they would go so far as to give us the majority in the Senate after they have given us the majority in the House, and give us the White House as a Republican Party— incredible. But the American people are still suf-fering. And the budget apparently does not provide for ObamaCare to be re-pealed and replaced under reconcili-ation for the next 12 months. So unless the Senate feels enough heat from the American people—the Republicans that is—they are not going to do anything about ObamaCare that they promise to repeal and replace. b1845 Apparently, it is going to have to get pretty hot in the kitchen down in the Senate to get people down there worked up enough to finally give the American people the relief that the Senate Republicans promised. Now, I don’t like talking about this, despite what some may think. It is much nicer to get along and go along, but people are suffering because we haven’t kept our promise. The Senate couldn’t pass anything that would get the American people some relief from all the suffering from ObamaCare. For those who are not aware, yes, there were bailouts for the monopoly insurance companies. Some made record profits, and yet they are still, under ObamaCare, the way it was writ-ten, supposed to get bailouts. So it appears pretty clear the design of ObamaCare was to make it fail. Ap-parently, people at the top of some of these insurance companies have not been smart enough to figure out that they signed their own death warrants when they embraced ObamaCare, but it appears it was designed to make people angry at the greedy, allegedly corrupt health insurance companies. I don’t think they are corrupt, but there sure was a lot of greed there be-tween some of the pharmaceutical companies and the health insurance companies signing on. Some of them tried to say: Well, oh, but we needed to be at the table. We are going: Not if you are on the menu you didn’t want to be at the table. I am sure the executives that have their golden parachutes leave the health insurance companies after 5, 6, 7 years with their incomes. The design was the health insurance companies make a fortune, people’s premiums kept going through the roof, deductibles kept going through the roof, bailouts were provided to insur-ance companies that had record profits, and then the design ultimately would be the American people getting so angry that they would lash out and say: Enough already. I never thought I would say this, but anything has got to be better than these insurance compa-nies, the handful that are left, so let’s just let the government take care of everything. Then we get a system that is twice as bad as the VA for all Americans, so all Americans can suffer fairly, equally, instead of getting what used to be some of the best healthcare ever in the his-tory of the world. We have another issue I want to touch on. Our Taxed Enough Already Caucus had a meeting yesterday and heard from Luke Rosiak, who has done more investigation on the IT scandal here on Capitol Hill, apparently done more investigation than anybody at the FBI. We keep hearing rumors that the FBI is reporting there is nothing to this, kind of like the Clinton scandal, the money that the Clinton Founda-tion got from the stockholders of Ura-nium One—she approves the sale of 20, 25 percent of America’s uranium pro-duction; it ends up going to the Rus-sians—the email scandal, that obvi-ously there were efforts to destroy and obfuscate evidence that was being sought, and Comey went out of his way to protect Ms. Clinton. There is just so much there that needs to be inves-tigated. The Attorney General apparently can’t investigate because of his own recusal. Mr. Rosenstein is sure not going to investigate it and thinks Mueller will do it. Mueller is disqualified from doing it. Although he is such a problem, he will not disqualify himself. Comey is a ma-terial witness—should be—in the inves-tigation. As the Washingtonian reported back in 2013 in this long expose they did on glorifying Mr. Comey and Mr. Mueller’s relationship, that Comey knows that basically, in essence, if the world were on fire, the one person who would be there with him, protecting him, standing with him, would be Mr. Mueller. Mueller cannot investigate anything in which Comey is a witness. He can’t. So what does he do? Comey goes and hires more lawyers. He has already had more lawyers than anybody I am aware of—ever. He is already exceeding the very general charge he got, going back years before he needed to. I mean, this is just incredible. They were a problem 10 years ago. The Obama administration had 8 years to get into it. Mueller, as FBI Director, had plenty of time to get into it. So there is only one thing we can be looking at, and that is a vendetta by Robert Mueller after some people. He is clearly disqualified. Comey is in it up to his eyeballs. We have got to have a special prosecutor that will look into the matters that should be inves-tigated. Then we have this issue on Capitol Hill. We need to know how com-promised our computer system, our IT system on the Hill has been. We had a guy named Imran Awan working on Capitol Hill, started work-ing with Democrats’ computer systems 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11OC7.093 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7970 October 11, 2017 
12 years or so ago. He was not even an American citizen at the time. Apparently, if there has ever been a background check on Imran Awan, it certainly was not adequate, because in the Imran Awan family and cohorts, you have got bankruptcy; you have got massive indebtedness; there was money received by one of the team, $100,000 or so, from a known consort with Hezbollah. Then we find out yesterday—or I did; I had not heard of this before—that Imran Awan, for parts of the year, would not even be here in Washington. He would be in Pakistan servicing up to dozens of our Democratic colleagues’ computer systems from Pakistan, mak-ing the maximum that somebody work-ing on Capitol Hill could by working for different Members of Congress, and then you add the partial salaries to-gether until you get around $160,000. We heard yesterday that as he would get one person up to $160,000 working for different offices, then they would add another to the payroll and get them up to $160,000. One of the group owed another individual $100,000. So with no indication that that individual who was owed $100,000 ever even came to Capitol Hill or did any work here, he got put on the House payroll and made a couple hundred thousand dollars in return for the hundred thousand that he had loaned to one of the Awan team. It is just almost inconceivable that we would have someone working with some of the highest privileged mate-rial. It seems to me the courts made it clear the speech or debate privilege to protect constituent information, infor-mation that people provide to us as whistleblowers, that that is probably more constitutionally protected than the attorney-client privilege. It is that important. Yet knowing there are countries, there are companies that would pay large amounts of money to know some Members of Congress’ schedule, have access to all their emails, see what they are saying about different bills, what they want to do, that is some val-uable stuff. And yet, in some years, we were told yesterday, that Imran Awan was servicing Capitol Hill computers from Pakistan. Now, I don’t know how secure the Pakistani internet systems are, but it is kind of hard to believe that the American interests would be as pro-tected in Pakistan and the Capitol con-gressional computer system would be protected as it is going through the Pakistani internet to be serviced. We also heard that Imran Awan, from some of the emails that WikiLeaks put out—we don’t know if he worked for the Democratic National Committee when they were hacked, but we know there were emails where someone was saying: We need to get into the chair-woman’s laptop. We need her password. Oh, well, Imran Awan has all of her passwords, so check with him. So we don’t know the extent that he could have compromised things, with all the indebtedness he had and the car dealership that he never reported. Any-body that makes over $120,000 from Capitol Hill has to report any outside income. He never reported those things. In fact, it appears to be a crime when he failed to even report that he had his wife on the payroll making money on Capitol Hill in those financial disclo-sures he filed. We also know that he had some his-tory of violence complaints. His step- mother complained of being kidnapped by him and forced to sign documents that would turn over money and prop-erty that Imran’s father supposedly had coming. We know that he has now been in-dicted simply on a bank fraud charge for lying in order to get a bank loan, the money from which was sent over-seas. We also learned that they were send-ing technological equipment over to Pakistan. They were fraudulently fil-ing vouchers showing that $800 iPads only cost under $500 so they wouldn’t have to be listed on inventory. That obviously makes things more easy to steal. There were reports, in fact, by the person who rented his house when he and his wife appeared to flee—he was trying to flee when he was stopped at the airport. There were hard drives, all kinds of things. We know that he and possibly some of those working—maybe they didn’t work. We don’t know. But $6 million to $7 million was paid to him and his fam-ily and his cohorts during the time they were working here, and yet he was downloading from Members of Con-gress’ clouds or from their own servers all of their information into a spot where people who weren’t authorized could access those Members of Con-gress’ accounts. This has got to be investigated more thoroughly than it has been. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
b1900 HISPANIC HERITAGE MONTH The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. S
OTO) for 30 minutes. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, it is His-panic Heritage Month, and I want to take this time to honor some great he-roes in my district of Hispanic descent, who range from reporters to civil rights heroes, to community orga-nizers, to businessmen and women, and I am just proud to be here tonight to be able to do that. 
HONORING DANIEL BARAJAS  
Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, the first gen-tleman I want to talk about is Daniel Barajas, the executive director of the Young American Dreamers. Daniel Barajas was born in Winter Haven, Florida, to a family of migrant workers. Growing up, he worked in the orange groves of Florida. There, he wit-nessed firsthand how farmworkers were exposed to dangerous pesticides while working for poverty wages. He also learned about the long-term effects of failed immigration policies, seeing his own father be deported during a local operation. As a teenager, Daniel saw his friends join gangs to survive poverty and de-fend themselves against deeply rooted racism within their communities. He joined this path but was dubbed ‘‘Lucky’’ because he survived. Barajas dropped out of school in the ninth grade but earned his GED in 2001. During an incarceration in 2009, he no-ticed that inmates had no access to books or to reading glasses. It was then that Daniel founded the Library of Hope to collect books and reading glasses to donate to inmates. Daniel’s younger sister, Maria Isabel, founded the Young American Dream-ers, YAD, in 2010 to help local immi-grant youth. Maria Isabel passed away in a car accident, tragically, in 2012, and to honor her legacy, Daniel joined YAD and was voted executive director in 2013. Barajas also continues to fundraise for annual scholarships to local stu-dents and participates in philanthropic events in the community. Daniel now speaks at high schools across Polk County, talks to students about his life, and shows them that one is not defined by their past, and that breaking down barriers is possible. He also closely works with the Polk County Supervisor of Elections Office to help register voters, increase voter turnout, and distribute clemency appli-cations to help felons restore their civil rights. Daniel is an example of one who could turn their life around and benefit the community as a whole, and he works with the Mexican Consulate in Orlando to do community workshops to teach immigrant families of their con-stitutional rights. Thank you, Daniel, for your con-tributions. HONORING ERICKA GOMEZ -TEJEDA  
Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, next is Ericka Gomez-Tejeda with Vamos4PR, Florida chapter. She is the civic en-gagement coordinator at 32BJ SEIU. Ericka Gomez-Tejeda came from Co-lombia to the United States with her mom when she was 8 years old. Moved by her lifelong commitment to her birth country, Ericka moved to Medellin, Colombia, in 2009 and began a master’s in theology. Upon her return to the U.S. 2 years later, she moved to Florida and was elected vice president of SEIU Local 1199 United Health Care Workers East for the Florida nursing home division, representing 11,000 nursing home work-ers in the State. In 2014, under the leadership of 32BJ President Hector Figueroa, Ericka re-turned to the Local 32BJ as deputy di-rector of the 12,000-member New York 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11OC7.094 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7971 October 11, 2017 
City security division, leading the field of operation for the division’s first citywide contracts. In 2016, Ericka moved back to Florida and became the 32BJ civic engagement coordinator and organizer of Vamos4PR, Florida division. With 40 percent of the Orange County Public Schools community speaking primarily Spanish, Vamos4PR parents, teachers, students, and organizations success-fully worked with the Orange County Public Schools to ensure English-learn-ing parents get information, orienta-tions, and translation. The coalition is currently focusing on offering immediate lifesaving re-sources to Puerto Rico and the can-cellation of crippling debt, while work-ing locally to open doors for the newly arrived Puerto Ricans to our region so they can use their knowledge and skills to integrate and contribute to the local economy and society from the day they arrive. 
HONORING ESTEBAN GARCES  
Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, next I would like to highlight Esteban Garces, Flor-ida State director of Mi Familia Vota. Esteban directs the Florida operation of Mi Familia Vota, managing strat-egy, operations, local policy develop-ment, campaigns, civic engagement, organizing efforts, and nonpartisan electoral work. Esteban’s career was set in motion at an early age as a victim of landlord abuse. Continued exposure to immigra-tion, education, and racial injustices spurred his interest in social justice. He began his career in social justice or-ganizing, and then electoral orga-nizing. He joined Mi Familia Vota in 2015 to continue working to create positive change. He was previously the immi-gration campaign director for SEIU Local 615. 
HONORING FRANK LOPEZ  
Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, next I would like to honor Frank Lopez of the His-panic Chamber of Commerce of Central Florida. Frank Lopez is the president of the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce of Metro Orlando. Lopez is passionate about what he does, and nothing is more fulfilling to him than being part of a team with similar interests of an organization that is philanthropic and mission driven, and that values and pays tribute to those communities he serves. Lopez has been successful in creating substantive underwriting support to develop and sustain innovative youth learning and entrepreneurship services. These programs have produced an im-pressive array of community-building benefits, such as workforce readiness and leadership development, youth en-trepreneurship experimental training camps, mentoring and coaching pro-grams, community-based technology, and wealth-building programs. Lopez served as a member of the U.S. Hispanic Council on Federal Employ-ment that advises the Director of the U.S. Office of Personnel Management on strategies for improving access of Latinos to the Federal workforce. Lopez has also served as a founding member of the National Hispanic Out-reach Advisory Council, established by Intuit Corporation, focusing on diver-sity and inclusion, and expanding pene-tration of equitable tax filing practices within growing Latino communities across the country. Lopez is also a former president and CEO of the U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce Foundation, developing strategic services to Latino entre-preneurs from across the Nation. Throughout his career, Frank has served several philanthropic and social service governing boards, most re-cently with SourceAmerica, an organi-zation created by Congress that man-ages over $2.5 billion in Federal em-ployment-producing contracts adminis-tered locally by affiliated nonprofit agencies across the United States and Puerto Rico. HONORING INGRID MORFA  
Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, next I would like to honor Ingrid Morfa, immigrant, attorney, and activist, a leader in im-migration law in central Florida. Ingrid Morfa is an attorney and first- generation American. Her parents mi-grated from the Dominican Republic in the 1970s. As a mother of four, she is a firm be-liever that educating our community and helping those in need will make the United States a better place for her children and grandchildren for years to come. Her studies at Harvard University, Barry University School of Law, Cam-bridge College in the U.K., Kaplan Uni-versity, and the New York City of Technology College have equipped In-grid Morfa to help those around her. As a member of the National Carib-bean Leadership Team and the Demo-cratic Hispanic Caucus of Florida, an advocate for domestic violence preven-tion with Nuevo Sendero, and an attor-ney who assisted more than 2,000 natu-ralization applicants and dozens of green card applicants who are victims of domestic violence and crime at no cost, she has shown a devotion to the community that is only surpassed by her love that she has for her family. 
HONORING JIMMY TORRES  
Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, next I would like to honor Jimmy Torres, commu-nity organizer and activist, and also a major member of the SEIU union. Jimmy Torres Velez grew up in Puer-to Rico, where he went to public school. After he finished his bachelor’s degree in labor relations at the Univer-sity of Puerto Rico, Rio Piedras Cam-pus, he went to work with migrant families in southern New Jersey and Pennsylvania. Since then, he has worked for various unions in many States and in Puerto Rico. In those years he has held var-ious positions, including trustee, sec-retary-treasurer, organizing director, and AFL–CIO State director. As part of his work, he has created and developed relationships with var-ious Puerto Rican communities. After years organizing public and private sector employees, Jimmy organized and managed the State legislative of-fice for SEIU in Puerto Rico and co-operated with the establishment of the legislative coordinating body for the AARP as well. After moving to Florida to help with retired members of the Service Em-ployees International Union, he be-came an activist of the Puerto Rican community and Latino community overall. To improve the Latino representa-tion in our area, he organized and co-ordinated the Boricua Vota movement. This movement is a nonpartisan edu-cational and mobilization tool to im-prove activism and civic engagement and participation of Puerto Ricans in the political process. Jimmy also orga-nized and became president of the Puerto Rico Action Initiative. To respond to Hurricane Irma, Jimmy has helped to organize a coordi-nated group called Aid, Support, and Help Coordinating Group, otherwise known as CASA. When Maria dev-astated the island, CASA galvanized enthusiasm and desire of the Puerto Rican community in central Florida to help their fellow compatriots—my fel-low compatriots—on the island and has collected and has sent hundreds of thousands of dollars in goods and mer-chandise to Puerto Rico. HONORING JORGE ESTEVEZ  
Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, next I would like to honor Jorge Estevez, WFTV news anchor and journalist in Orlando. Jorge Estevez is an anchor for the evening newscast of Eyewitness News at 10 p.m. on WRDQ TV 27. He also an-chors and reports newscasts on WFTV Channel 9. Jorge first came to WFTV in 2001 and covered the attacks of 9/11 and how they impacted central Florida’s tour-ism industry. During the next 5 years as an anchor and reporter for WFTV and WRDQ, Jorge worked on major news affecting the various counties that make up our central Florida community. Jorge an-chored several major local stories, in-cluding the severe hurricane season of 2004, during which several storms im-pacted the Orlando area. Since his return to central Florida, Jorge has been sent to cover major sto-ries. His most recent trip was to At-lanta, where he interviewed Ronny Ahmed, one of three students injured when a shooter stormed the campus of Florida State University in 2014 and started firing at random. The son of Cuban immigrants, Jorge is from West New York, New Jersey, where he graduated from Rutgers Uni-versity, like myself, with a dual degree in journalism and communication. Now he is glad to be back in central Florida, where he enjoys the change of seasons each year. He enjoys the warm weather because it gives him a chance to leave 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11OC7.096 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7972 October 11, 2017 
the gym to take his 5-mile runs out-doors, where he can really break a sweat. Thank you, Jorge, for your contribu-tions. 
HONORING JOSEPHINE BALZAC , ESQUIRE  
Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, next I would like to honor Josephine Balzac, Es-quire, attorney, writer, and professor at Rollins College, specializing in envi-ronmental law. Josephine M. Balzac is currently a visiting assistant professor in the De-partment of Business, teaching in the social entrepreneurship major. She has had the honor of being part of Rollins College since 2014. Her greatest honor is receiving two teaching awards from the students: a student government association’s Out-standing Faculty Award, and the Wal-ter E. Barden Distinguished Teaching Award. Throughout each of her classes, she makes sure to engage with the local community by bringing her legal professionals and organizations as guest speakers. Professor Balzac is a licensed attor-ney admitted to practice law in Florida and the U.S. District Court Middle Dis-trict of Florida. In May of 2017, the Florida Agricul-tural and Mechanical University, FAMU, College of Law presented her law office with the Distinguished Alumni Award and Professional Excel-lence Award, Solo Practitioner. She is also a community rights staff attorney for the Center for Earth Ju-risprudence. During the summer, she is an adjunct law professor at Barry University School of Law, teaching sustainability in business. Professor Balzac previously worked as an associate attorney at an AV- rated trial litigation firm and worked for a food safety regulatory consulting group. Ms. Balzac is actively involved in the local community, frequently educating and advocating as an avid speaker on environmental justice, sustainable de-velopment, climate change, human rights, food, and social justice issues. Thank you, Josephine, for your con-tributions. 
HONORING LUIS PASTRANA  
Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, next I would like to honor Luis Pastrana, attorney, activist, and professional at Ana G. Mendez University. Luis Pastrana was born in Puerto Rico. He received his bachelor’s degree in business administration from the University of Puerto Rico, Rio Piedras Campus, while simultaneously being commissioned from the Army ROTC as a second lieutenant in the artillery branch. He taught at the Puerto Rico Junior College of Dona Ana G. Mendez, and many years later came full circle and is now a distinguished professor at the Orlando campus of the Ana G. Mendez University system. b1915 Luis served in the Army for 20 years. He was with the Vietnamese irregular forces as an adviser for 2 years in the mountains of Vietnam, as well as an adviser to the Spanish Army for a cou-ple of years in Spain and in many other parts of the globe. After retirement, he began to pursue law at the University of Puerto Rico. He has worked in banking as vice president for investments of the Coop-erative Bank, as a general manager for a newspaper in San Juan; he was a can-didate for Mayor of Guaynabo, director of finances for the Popular Democratic Party, trial attorney and senior part-ner of the law firm Pastrana, Perez, Martinez and Quevedo, executive direc-tor of the Puerto Rico Federal Affairs Administration for the Southeast of the United States, and now professor of law of the bachelor’s degree in criminal justice for the Orlando campus of the Ana G. Mendez University. He pub-lished five books, all honoring his Puerto Rican roots. Mr. Speaker, I thank Luis for his contributions. HONORING NANCY ALVAREZ  
Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, next I would like to honor Nancy Alvarez. Nancy was part of the first Hispanic anchor team on an English language TV sta-tion in central Florida. Along with Jorge Estevez, her coanchor, she brought the 10 o’clock news on Channel 27 TV to number one for the first time in more than 10 years. Alvarez joined the team at the ABC affiliate in May 2010 and currently co-anchors Eyewitness News This Morn-ing, alongside Jamie Homes. She is the daughter of Cuban immigrants and was born and raised in south Florida, al-though she considers Orlando a second home. Alvarez has spent most of her journalism career in central Florida, where she has been front and center for every major news event in the last 15- plus years. She spent years covering the space program at Kennedy Space Center, and was also in central Florida for Hurri-canes Charlie, Frances, and Jean, re-porting nonstop during the now-infa-mous 2004 hurricane season. In recent years, Alvarez was a cen-tral part of her station’s coverage of the Pulse Nightclub shooting tragedy and covered various stories during the community’s journey toward healing. She was also on the air for continuous coverage of Hurricane Irma and trav-eled to Puerto Rico to report on the devastating impacts of Hurricane Maria. Alvarez is also a graduate of Flor-ida’s Atlantic University, with degrees in communications and history. She has dedicated her career to giving a voice to people in need and using hon-est journalism as a tool for community service. Alvarez, a mother of two who is mar-ried to a news photographer, has dedi-cated her life to honoring the sacrifices made by her parents when they came to the U.S. from Cuba. It is her hope that her life, career, and impact have made the hardships they have endured worth it. HONORING ORLANDO ROLON  
Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, next I would like to honor Orlando Rolon. Orlando Rolon was born in Bayamon, Puerto Rico, and has lived in central Florida since 1977. After high school, he served in the United States Marines Reserves for 4 years. In 1992, Orlando Rolon was hired by the Orlando Police Department. In 1997, Officer Rolon was promoted to sergeant, and, in 1999, he was selected as the first full-time bilingual public information officer in the history of the Orlando Police Department. In 2003, Sergeant Rolon was promoted to lieutenant. He served as the liaison to the mayor and, during that time, was named adviser for Hispanic Affairs for the City of Orlando. In 2010, he was selected as the special operations traf-fic enforcement section commander. In 2013, Lieutenant Rolon was pro-moted to the rank of captain. He served as a patrol division commander and the crisis negotiation team com-mander. Prior to his appointment as deputy chief, he was serving as the pro-fessional standards division com-mander, which included internal af-fairs, planning, fiscal, and training under his command. In 2013, he was named as one of the 25 Most Influential Hispanics in central Florida. In 2014, Mayor Buddy Dyer appointed Captain Orlando Rolon to the rank of deputy chief. In 2016, Deputy Chief Rolon was then assigned to patrol services bureau com-mander, with nearly 400 of the depart-ment’s sworn staff officers under his command. Deputy Chief Rolon is a graduate of the Southern Police Institute Com-mand Officers Development Course, the FBI National Academy Session 263, and the Major Cities Chiefs Association Po-lice Executive Leadership Institute IV session. Deputy Chief Orlando Rolon is a member of the FBI National Academy Associates, Florida Police Chiefs Asso-ciation, International Association of chiefs of Police, Major Cities Chiefs As-sociation, and the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce of Metro Orlando. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chief Rolon for his contributions. 
HONORING ROXY SANTIAGO  
Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, next I would like to honor Roxy Santiago, board of directors for the LGBT Center of Cen-tral Florida and board of the Pulse Foundation. Roxy Santiago was born in Old San Juan, Puerto Rico, and has lived in Or-lando for over 30 years. Roxy has worked for over 12 years at Walt Dis-ney World in numerous management roles and had the privilege of being a personal tour guide for former Presi-dents and other high-profile individ-uals. She was a partner with Phish Phest Entertainment for 10 years. The orga-nization held dozens of events, raising more than $150,000 for charity over the past decade. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11OC7.098 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7973 October 11, 2017 
Roxy was Tri-Chair Federal Club Steering Committee member for Human Rights Campaign, in 2006 through 2009; and in 2014 to present, she is currently serving on the Web Com-munications Steering Committee and Community Engagement. In 2014, she was honored with being selected among 50 distinguished local LGBT leaders by entering her biog-raphy and accomplishments in the U.S. C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD ; and here it is happening again. In 2015, she became a member of the Democratic Hispanic Caucus of Central Florida and assists in their web com-munications. In 2015, Roxy also became a volunteer at the American Red Cross of Central Florida. In the aftermath of Pulse, she was hired by the Red Cross in the position of community partner-ship. In 2016, she was selected by the Na-tional Human Rights Campaign, with 19 other women around the U.S., to at-tend a workshop for Women and Lead-ership: Equality for the 21st Century. In 2016, Roxy became a board member for the LGBT Center of Central Or-lando and serves as their secretary on the board. Mr. Speaker, I thank Roxy for her contributions. 
HONORING TIRSO MORENO  
Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, next I would like to honor Tirso Moreno. Tirso was born in Mexico and came to this coun-try in 1971, with his family to do farm work. He is currently the director of the Farmworker Association of Flor-ida. In 1982, he became the lead organizer for the Farmworker Project of the Of-fice for Farm Ministry, during which time he and several other farmworkers initiated the Farmworker Association. Under his leadership as general coordi-nator, the association has grown from a local to statewide organization with over 10,000 members. Tirso is a cofounder and board mem-ber of the Farmworker Health and Safety Institute and serves on the boards of Southern Partners Fund, Do-mestic Fair Trade Association, Na-tional Immigrant Farming Initiative, and the Rural Coalition. He also advo-cates for farmworkers’ and immi-grants’ rights in national and inter-national meetings. The Farmworker Association of Flor-ida currently has five offices through-out central and south Florida. The mis-sion of FWAF is to build power among farmworker and rural, low-income communities to respond to and gain control over the social, political, eco-nomic, workplace, health, and environ-mental justice issues that impact their lives. FWAF’s core strategy is to help farmworkers realize their power to be effective agents of social change and personal change by: validating and strengthening the experience and un-derstanding of farmworkers; building farmworkers’ capacity to participate in decisionmaking processes that affect their lives; and raising consciousness about and advocating for farmworkers’ and immigrants’ rights. Mr. Speaker, I thank Tirso for his contributions. HONORING WILLIAM DIAZ  
Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I would like to honor William Diaz, Spanish radio host. Identified as a consistent commu-nity leader and insightful journalist, William Diaz’s passion to help fellow citizens in life’s struggles has been evi-denced in the last 28 years of his resi-dency in central Florida. William’s activism in favor of Latin- American political development has granted him daily recognition with most of the Latin-American commu-nity in central Florida who listen to him and read his articles. A native of Cumana, and raised in Caracas, Venezuela, he developed a natural way to start friendships and show loyalty and support for all hu-manitarian causes. William was the recipient of a schol-arship that brought him to the United States to obtain his postgraduate di-ploma. In 1976, the University of Texas at Austin gave him a master’s degree in mass communications. William served as a Venezuelan dip-lomatic official in Europe, when he was designated as general coordinator of the GMA Foundation and the edu-cational attache to the Venezuelan Embassy in Paris, France. Founder and president of several community organizations in his native Venezuela, in 1989, William brought all of his experience to the U.S. Since then, he has been very active within the Latino community, specifically ad-vising and counseling new nonprofit or-ganizations. At this time, William is full-time with his radio show, ‘‘Cara a Cara con William Diaz,’’ which broadcasts in 18 different counties, founder of Casa de Venezuela, 15 years ago, which gath-ered most of the Venezuelans in central Florida, and founder of Made in Ven-ezuela Business Club, dedicated to de-veloping networking and promotions of products and services for Venezuelan businessmen and professionals, and current executive secretary of MUD Central Florida, the political organiza-tion that hosts and coordinates most of Venezuela’s opposition political par-ties. 
HONORING ZORAIDA RIOS -ANDINO  
Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, next I would like to honor Zoraida Rios-Andino, president of Mission Boricua. Zoraida Rios-Andino has been a resi-dent of Orlando, Florida, for 17 years. She has been very active in promoting cultural, social, and historic events in the Puerto Rican community. Zoraida is currently president and founder of Mission Boricua, an organization dedi-cated to history and civic engagement of the Puerto Rican community. Zoraida supervised the creation and promotion of Mission Boricua’s out-reach efforts. Zoraida has been part of the National Conference of Puerto Rican Women, Orlando chapter; United Front 436, Na-tional Boricua Human Rights Network, Orlando chapter; and Asociacion Borinquena. She is currently a board member for Speak Up Florida, and a member and cofounder of The Justice Project Coalition of Central Florida. In addition, she was an English as a second language instructor, and worked as a personnel administrator for many years. Zoraida was also pro-gram coordinator for ALSE, where she assisted hundreds of high school stu-dents pursuing postsecondary edu-cation. Zoraida has also led the movement to have the Florida Legislature pass a law in 2014, to put a honorary plaque along Semoran Boulevard in recognition of Rico Piccard, the late civil rights hero in central Florida. Zoraida has received numerous awards for her community service, like the Lifetime Achievement Award from the National Conference of Puerto Rican Women; Roberto Clemente Com-munity Service Award; Latino History Society President’s Award; Out-standing Membership Award from the Asociacion Borinquena; Community Service Award from the office of Con-gressman Alan Grayson; 2014 Florida State Proclamation recipient from State Representative Victor Torres; Coqui de Oro Award from La Casa de Puerto Rico; the Rico Piccard Award from the Orange County Democratic Party, and more. Mr. Speaker, I thank Zoraida for her contributions to central Florida. I am excited to be able to have this opportunity to talk about these he-roes—so many who are symbolic of the hardworking Hispanic Americans in central Florida who help out with ev-eryone from our poor, to our civil rights, to education, to the news, to politics, to our environment, to fami-lies, to so many important issues that matter to Hispanics across central Florida and across our Nation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. M
ARINO (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today and for the bal-ance of the week on account of per-sonal reasons. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 7 o’clock and 28 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, October 12, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:17 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11OC7.099 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7974 October 11, 2017 
titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Ms. SA´NCHEZ (for herself, Mr. M
EEHAN , Mr. S CHRADER , and Mr. L
ANCE ): H.R. 4006. A bill to establish a Community- Based Institutional Special Needs Plan dem-onstration program to target home and com-munity-based care to eligible Medicare bene-ficiaries, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DENT (for himself, Mr. L
UCAS , Mr. A
MODEI , Mr. B OST, Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia, Mr. C OLLINS  of New York, Mr. C
OSTELLO of Penn-sylvania, Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. H
UNTER , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. K
ATKO , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsyl-vania, Mr. K
INZINGER , Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. L
ONG, Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. N
EWHOUSE , Mr. R EED, Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. S
IMPSON , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. S TIV-
ERS, Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. T
IBERI , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. U PTON , Mr. M
EEHAN , Mr. B ARLETTA , and Mr. R
EICHERT ): H.R. 4007. A bill to revise the quorum re-quirement for the Board of Directors of the Export-Import Bank of the United States; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN: H.R. 4008. A bill making additional supple-mental appropriations for disaster relief re-quirements for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2018, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Appropriations, and in ad-dition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas (for himself, Mr. C
OLE, and Ms. M ATSUI ): H.R. 4009. A bill to authorize the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution to plan, design, and construct a central parking facility on National Zoological Park prop-erty in the District of Columbia; to the Com-mittee on House Administration, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ISSA (for himself, Mr. G
OOD-
LATTE , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. S ES-
SIONS , and Mr. F ARENTHOLD ): H.R. 4010. A bill to amend the Revised Statutes of the United States and title 28, United States Code, to enhance compliance with requests for information pursuant to legislative power under Article I of the Con-stitution, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. UPTON (for himself and Mrs. D
INGELL ): H.R. 4011. A bill to amend chapter 329 of title 49, United States Code, relating to aver-age fuel economy standards for automobiles; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SCHNEIDER (for himself, Mr. M
EADOWS , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. S
UOZZI , Mr. G OTTHEIMER , Mr. C
ORREA , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. G ENEGREEN  of Texas, Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Mr. Y
OHO, Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, and Ms. T
ITUS): H.R. 4012. A bill to require a National In-telligence Estimate on Iranian proxy forces, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), and in addi-tion to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York (for herself, Mr. ELLISON , Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. M ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, and Mr. C
UMMINGS ): H.R. 4013. A bill making appropriations for the Bureau of the Census for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018; to the Committee on Appropriations. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. C ONNOLLY , and Mr. D OG-
GETT ): H.R. 4014. A bill to amend chapter 5 of title 31, United States Code, to require publica-tion of information relating to regulatory conflicts of interest, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. DUFFY: H.R. 4015. A bill to improve the quality of proxy advisory firms for the protection of in-vestors and the U.S. economy, and in the public interest, by fostering accountability, transparency, responsiveness, and competi-tion in the proxy advisory firm industry; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. GALLEGO (for himself, Mr. J
ONES , and Mr. D ESAULNIER ): H.R. 4016. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to eliminate the recoupment of separation pay, special separation benefits, and voluntary separation incentive pay-ments from members of the Armed Forces who subsequently receive disability com-pensation under laws administered by the Department of Veterans Affairs and to im-pose limitations on the authority of the Sec-retary of Defense to recoup such pay from members who subsequently receive military retired or retainer pay; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GOTTHEIMER (for himself and Mr. M
AST): H.R. 4017. A bill to authorize the President to take actions to ensure Israel is prepared for all contingencies if Iran seeks to develop a nuclear weapon after expiration of certain provisions of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI: H.R. 4018. A bill to provide for a 3-day wait-ing period before a person may receive a handgun, with exceptions; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. TED LIEU of California (for himself, Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mrs. L
OVE, and Ms. J ACKSON LEE): H.R. 4019. A bill to provide grants to States and Indian tribes to reform their criminal justice system to encourage the replacement of the use of payment of secured money bail as a condition of pretrial release in criminal cases, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico (for herself and Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois): H.R. 4020. A bill to amend the Emergency Food Assistance Act of 1983 relating to the distribution of food; and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. PERRY: H.R. 4021. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to provide funding for public transportation services offered by high-per-forming public and private systems, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. By Mr. REICHERT (for himself, Ms. MCCOLLUM , Ms. L EE, and Mr. D ONO-
VAN): H.R. 4022. A bill to implement a strategic approach for providing foreign assistance in order to end preventable child and maternal deaths globally within a generation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. RYAN of Ohio (for himself, Mr. T
ONKO , and Mr. R EED): H.R. 4023. A bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to award grants to States educational agencies and local educational agencies to support, develop, and implement formal and informal engineering education programs in elemen-tary schools and secondary schools; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. SPEIER (for herself, Mr. B
EYER , Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. T EDLIEU of Cali-fornia, Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. C
OSTA , Ms. L EE, Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. C LAY, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. P OLIS, and Mr. J
ONES ): H.R. 4024. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, and title 39, United States Code, to provide the United States Postal Service the authority to mail alcoholic beverages, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. TORRES (for herself, Mr. S
CHNEIDER , Mr. E NGEL , and Ms. T
ITUS): H.R. 4025. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to expand to all firearms the re-quirement that Federal firearms licensees report sales of 2 or more handguns to the same unlicensed person within 5 consecutive business days; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. By Mr. VARGAS (for himself and Mr. C
OOK): H.R. 4026. A bill to take certain land lo-cated in San Diego County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Pala Band of Mis-sion Indians, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mrs. WAGNER (for herself, Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, and Mr. G
ALLAGHER ): H.R. 4027. A bill to require global economic and political pressure to support diplomatic denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula, including through the imposition of sanc-tions with respect to the Government of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea and any enablers of the activities of that Govern-ment, and to reauthorize the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Finan-cial Services, and Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Ms. BASS (for herself, Mr. G
RI-
JALVA , and Mr. E VANS ): H. Res. 567. A resolution expressing support for the physician assistant (PA) profession and the designation of the week of October 6 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L11OC7.100 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7975 October 11, 2017 
through 12, 2017, as ‘‘National PA Week’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. NORTON (for herself and Mr. R
ASKIN ): H. Res. 568. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the justices of the United States Supreme Court should make themselves subject to the existing and operative ethics guidelines set out in the Code of Conduct for United States Judges, or should promulgate their own code of conduct; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Ms. SA´NCHEZ: H.R. 4006. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 18: Congress shall have Power—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. By Mr. DENT: H.R. 4007. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII By Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN: H.R. 4008. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law. . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. . . .’’ Together, these specific con-stitutional provisions establish the congres-sional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to deter-mine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and con-ditions governing their use. By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 4009. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 17, giving Con-gress exclusive jurisdiction over the District of Columbia. That clause was cited as the au-thority for the government’s ability to ac-cept the original Smithson donation and the creation of the Smithsonian Institution via the Act of August 10, 1846. Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18, the Nec-essary and Proper clause, which provides the power to enact legislation necessary to effec-tuate one of the earlier enumerated powers, such as the authority granted in Clause 17 above. By Mr. ISSA: H.R. 4010. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 9; Article III, Section 1; and Article III, Section 2, clause 2 of the Constitution, which grant Congress authority to over the federal courts. In addi-tion, the Necessary and Proper Clause of Ar-ticle I, section 8 grants Congress the author-ity to issue subpoenas incident to its legisla-tive power and require compliance with such subpoenas. By Mr. UPTON: H.R. 4011. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, To Regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the severat States and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. SCHNEIDER: H.R. 4012. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 4013. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 7 of Section 9 of Article 1 states ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treas-ury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law . . .’’ By Mr. CICILLINE: H.R. 4014. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Mr. DUFFY: H.R. 4015. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 1 (relating to the general welfare of the United States); and Article I, section 8, clause 3 (relating to the power to regulate interstate commerce). By Mr. GALLEGO: H.R. 4016. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. GOTTHEIMER: H.R. 4017. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress to ‘‘pro-vide for the common Defence’’, ‘‘to raise and support Armies’’, and ‘‘to make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces’’ as enumerated in Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI: H.R. 4018. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, subsection 3: To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; By Mr. TED LIEU of California: H.R. 4019. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 1; and Article I, Section 8, clause 18 By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico: H.R. 4020. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. PERRY: H.R. 4021. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. REICHERT: H.R. 4022. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to Clause I of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution and Amendment XVI of the United States Con-stitution, specifically clause 1 (relating to providing for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Con-gress), and Article IV, section 3, clause 2 (re-lating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). By Mr. RYAN of Ohio: H.R. 4023. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. By Ms. SPEIER: H.R. 4024. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mrs. TORRES: H.R. 4025. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: According to Article 1: Section 8: Clause 18: of the United States Constitution, seen below, this bill falls within the Constitu-tional Authority of the United States Con-gress. Article 1: Section 8: Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. VARGAS: H.R. 4026. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: (1) To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes, as enumerated in Ar-ticle I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Con-stitution; and (2) To make all laws which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the govern-ment of the United States, or in any depart-ment or officer thereof, , as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mrs. WAGNER: H.R. 4027. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 44: Mr. P AYNE , Mr. C LEAVER , and Mr. F
LEISCHMANN . H.R. 80: Mr. B
RAT. H.R. 140: Mr. L
AMALFA and Mr. H ARRIS . H.R. 166: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 173: Mr. C
ORREA , Mr. A LLEN , and Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida. H.R. 176: Mr. B
ABIN. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:17 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L11OC7.100 H11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7976 October 11, 2017 
H.R. 184: Ms. A DAMS . H.R. 296: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD and Mr. B ROOKS  of Alabama. H.R. 350: Mr. F
ERGUSON . H.R. 377: Mr. F
ASO, Mr. S TIVERS , and Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 398: Mrs. D
EMINGS . H.R. 450: Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 501: Mr. U
PTON . H.R. 535: Mr. B
UDD, Mr. D ESANTIS , and Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 545: Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 664: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 681: Mr. Z
ELDIN . H.R. 750: Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 785: Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. W OMACK , and Mr. W
ILLIAMS . H.R. 795: Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. J OHNSON of Geor- gia, and Mr. K
ILDEE . H.R. 807: Mr. S
UOZZI . H.R. 919: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 936: Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. T AKANO , and Mr. W
OMACK . H.R. 960: Mr. T
IBERI . H.R. 964: Mrs. D
EMINGS and Ms. P INGREE . H.R. 1066: Mr. C
OFFMAN and Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 1111: Ms. B
ASS. H.R. 1133: Mr. B
UCSHON and Mr. P EARCE . H.R. 1164: Mr. F
ERGUSON and Mr. M CHENRY . H.R. 1223: Mr. C
LAY. H.R. 1438: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina and Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia. H.R. 1456: Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. E SPAILLAT , and Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 1472: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 1475: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER . H.R. 1478: Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. S IRES, Mr. L ARSON  of Connecticut, Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. C OOPER , Ms. B
ORDALLO , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. S
ARBANES , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. J OHNSON of Geor- gia, Ms. S
PEIER , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , and Mr. W
ALZ. H.R. 1494: Mr. R
USH, Mrs. C AROLYN B. M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. M CHENRY , and Mr. C
OSTA . H.R. 1542: Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 1552: Mr. D
ESJARLAIS . H.R. 1555: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 1563: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 1575: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 1585: Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 1626: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama and Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 1645: Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 1651: Mr. P
AYNE and Mr. C OFFMAN . H.R. 1655: Mr. K
ATKO . H.R. 1699: Mr. M
ITCHELL and Mr. M ESSER . H.R. 1762: Mr. C
HABOT . H.R. 1779: Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 1784: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 1824: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 1825: Mr. D
ONOVAN and Mr. K INGof New York. H.R. 1832: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER and Mr. W
ALZ. H.R. 1861: Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 1865: Miss R
ICEof New York, Mr. M
ULLIN , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. G OH-
MERT , and Mr. R ICEof South Carolina. H.R. 1874: Ms. N
ORTON and Mr. S EANPAT-
RICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 1896: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 1920: Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 1949: Mr. PALLONE . H.R. 1953: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 1999: Mr. F
ERGUSON . H.R. 2010: Mr. G
IANFORTE . H.R. 2044: Mr. N
EAL, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. M I-
CHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. S OTO, and Mr. D
EUTCH . H.R. 2069: Mr. U
PTON . H.R. 2095: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 2121: Ms. T
ENNEY , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. B
YRNE , and Mr. M ESSER . H.R. 2226: Mr. C
OLEand Mr. B RENDAN F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2228: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 2230: Mr. P
AULSEN and Ms. S INEMA . H.R. 2282: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 2285: Mr. M
CKINLEY and Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 2294: Mrs. T
ORRES . H.R. 2295: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 2310: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. H
UIZENGA , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , and Mr. H ARRIS . H.R. 2401: Mr. N
ORCROSS and Mr. M AC- A
RTHUR . H.R. 2418: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD and Ms. P IN-
GREE . H.R. 2465: Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 2482: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. Y
ODER , and Mr. L OBIONDO . H.R. 2499: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 2501: Mrs. W
AGNER and Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 2589: Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 2623: Mr. P
OSEY . H.R. 2690: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 2740: Mr. N
OLAN , Mr. C ORREA , Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, and Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 2777: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 2793: Mr. C
LAY. H.R. 2801: Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 2841: Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , and Mrs. D AVIS of California. H.R. 2851: Mr. S
TIVERS and Mr. M CKINLEY . H.R. 2856: Mr. A
LLEN . H.R. 2862: Mr. P
ANETTA , Mr. S OTO, and Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 2901: Mr. C
OSTA . H.R. 2902: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 2909: Mr. S
TEWART . H.R. 2920: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 2938: Mr. D
ESAULNIER and Mr. M AR-
SHALL . H.R. 2954: Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 3010: Ms. S
INEMA , Mr. C ARSON of Indi- ana, and Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 3030: Mr. P
ASCRELL and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 3032: Mr. R
YANof Ohio, Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. C
ONNOLLY , and Mr. R UTHERFORD . H.R. 3042: Mr. M
ACARTHUR and Mr. C OFF-
MAN. H.R. 3186: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 3227: Mr. P
OCAN , Mrs. D AVIS of Cali- fornia, and Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 3255: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 3273: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 3274: Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky, Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. S
OTO, Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, and Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 3282: Mr. H
URD. H.R. 3307: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 3349: Mr. B
LUMENAUER and Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 3352: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 3363: Mr. LUETKEMEYER . H.R. 3452: Ms. G
RANGER . H.R. 3487: Mr. S
MITH of Texas. H.R. 3497: Mrs. T
ORRES , Mr. C ARSON of Indi- ana, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , and Mr. P EARCE . H.R. 3520: Mr. P
ASCRELL . H.R. 3591: Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 3596: Mr. P
ALAZZO , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. L
UCAS , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. C LAY, Mr. S HIMKUS , and Mrs. W
AGNER . H.R. 3632: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 3671: Ms. D
ELAURO . H.R. 3680: Mr. S
UOZZI and Mr. S EAN PAT-
RICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 3730: Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 3731: Mr. R
UTHERFORD . H.R. 3758: Mr. H
ECK, Mr. M ESSER , Mr. R OSS, and Mr. B
UDD. H.R. 3762: Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 3784: Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. D ESAULNIER , and Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 3820: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 3822: Mr. P
ITTENGER and Mr. G ALLA -
GHER . H.R. 3832: Mr. L
ATTA , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. C OFF-
MAN, and Mr. B UCSHON . H.R. 3847: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 3852: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 3871: Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. N
OLAN , Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. S EAN PATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York, and Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 3875: Mr. C
OSTA . H.R. 3879: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida. H.R. 3885: Mr. R
UIZ. H.R. 3889: Mr. C
UELLAR . H.R. 3897: Mr. L
OBIONDO and Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 3898: Ms. S
INEMA and Mr. W ILLIAMS . H.R. 3917: Ms. D
EGETTE . H.R. 3936: Mr. V
ARGAS . H.R. 3947: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas, and Mr. V ARGAS . H.R. 3948: Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 3957: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 3962: Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 3968: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida and Mr. C
OSTA . H.R. 3969: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 3999: Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. R OSS, Mr. B
ERA, and Mr. U PTON . H.R. 4001: Mr. K
ATKO . H.J. Res. 33: Mr. P
ASCRELL . H. Con. Res. 13: Mr. P
AYNE and Mr. C OSTA . H. Con. Res. 59: Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia. H. Con. Res. 63: Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas. H. Con. Res. 72: Mr. D
ONOVAN and Mr. O’H
ALLERAN . H. Res. 90: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Ms. R OSEN , and Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER . H. Res. 129: Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina and Mr. C
HABOT . H. Res. 142: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H. Res. 257: Mr. F
OSTER . H. Res. 283: Mr. L
OEBSACK . H. Res. 327: Mr. K
INGof New York. H. Res. 529: Mr. D
ENT. H. Res. 555: Mrs. D
EMINGS , Ms. R OSEN , Ms. L
EE, Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. K
HANNA , and Mr. N ADLER . H. Res. 560: Mr. P
ASCRELL and Mr. P AL-
LONE . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC7.022 H11OCPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1355 October 11, 2017 
HONORING FALLEN KISSIMMEE POLICE OFFICER MATTHEW BAX-TER 
HON. DARREN SOTO 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, October 11, 2017 Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor and privilege to recognize the life of fallen Kis-simmee Police Officer Matthew Baxter, who passed away August 18, 2017. Matthew and his supervisor, Sergeant Sam Howard, were fatally wounded while responding to a shots- fired call in the northern area of Kissimmee. Both officers sacrificed their lives in the line of duty protecting a woman, whose own state-ment said, ‘‘without question,’’ the two men were responsible for saving her life. Matthew lived and served honorably, prov-ing that no matter where you come from or where you are going, you can make a dif-ference. Matthew was born in Baltimore, Mary-land. Throughout his youth Matthew dem-onstrated his energetic personality and desire to be a role model in the community through his participation in athletics like basketball, football, and wrestling. His motto was ‘‘pursue the dreams closest to the heart and never giv-ing up,’’ led to his graduation from Jefferson High School in 2009, graduation from Valencia College with a degree in Criminal Justice, and his pursuit of a graduate program at Eastern Florida State College. Matthew joined the police academy to give back and help his community. Through his participation in programs such as Big Brothers and Big Sisters, and through his role as a po-lice officer, Matthew was able to mentor youth. Instilling in them his dedication to pursue a path of helping those around them for the bet-terment of the community. Matthew’s message of love, encourage-ment, strength, and community live on in every one of the people he touched in the community and with his family; which includes his wife, Sadia Baxter, and his four daughters Sariah, Isabella, Zarah, and Sofia. For those who put the wellbeing of others before their own, they will never be forgotten. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MAC THORNBERRY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, October 11, 2017 Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, on Tues-day, October 10, 2017, I was unable to be in Washington and missed Roll Call votes No. 558, To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4514 Williamson Trail in Liberty, Pennsylvania, as the Staff Sergeant Ryan Scott Ostrom Post Office, and No. 559, To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 25 New Chardon Street Lobby in Boston, Massachusetts, as the John Fitzgerald Ken-nedy Post Office. Had I been present, I would have voted Yes on both bills. f 
IN HONOR OF EVAN MALISSA WILLIAMS 
HON. JIMMY PANETTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, October 11, 2017 Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Ms. Evan Malissa Williams on her retirement from the Presidio of Monterey. Ms. Williams leaves behind a distinguished ca-reer in public service. Ms. Williams has worked for the Federal Government for 37 years, providing excep-tional service to the Presidio of Monterey as a Contract Officer with Mission and Installation Contracting Command, Defense Language In-stitute Foreign Language Center, and Installa-tion Management Command. As a Contract Officer, Ms. Williams established a pattern of consistent merit, and her hard work served as an example to others. She excelled in her re-sponsibilities of independently planning, direct-ing and executing many complex contract ac-tions while executing her duties promptly and professionally. It has been Ms. Williams’ duty to ensure compliance and continuity in the of-fice, even extending her retirement date six months later than planned to help meet great contracting demands. Through her rigorous and thorough moni-toring of purchasing and coordination efforts, Ms. Williams ensured critical deadlines were met while providing excellent service. Ms. Wil-liams held many key contracts, enabling many projects supporting our service members. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to recognize the duty, tireless efforts, and consummate pro-fessionalism of Ms. Evan Malissa Williams. I ask my distinguished colleagues to join me in recognizing Ms. Williams’ outstanding service. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MS. DIONE BUONTO 
HON. TOM RICE 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, October 11, 2017 Mr. RICE of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. Dione Buonto, CEO of the Grand Strand Boys and Girls Club, for being selected to win the 2017 Maytag Dependable Leadership Award. As one of only 10 recipients of this award nation-wide, Ms. Buonto is among the best of the best and is truly deserving of this recognition. In order to receive this award, recipients must possess three key traits: dependability, reliability and leadership. Throughout her time at the Grand Strand Boys and Girls Club, Ms. Buonto has exemplified all of these traits and more. To see why she is so deserving, look no fur-ther than the success of the Club and the youth that are a part of it. Under the direction and leadership of Ms. Buonto, the Grand Strand Boys and Girls Club has become an award-winning program for students, with a dozen Club graduates currently attending col-lege on scholarships made possible by their involvement in the Club. Ms. Buonto makes it her mission to invest in every student. She is a true credit to the youth she coaches and to the entire Grand Strand community. Because of her leadership and being honored with this award, the Grand Strand Boys and Girls Club will now have the opportunity to continue to invest in and change the lives of youth all across the Grand Strand. Congratulations to Dione, and I thank her for all she does. f 
HONORING FALLEN KISSIMMEE POLICE SERGEANT SAM HOWARD III 
HON. DARREN SOTO 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, October 11, 2017 Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor and privilege to recognize the life of fallen Kis-simmee Police Sergeant Sam Howard III, who passed away August 19, 2017. Sam and his fellow officer, Matthew Baxter, were fatally wounded on August 18, 2017, while respond-ing to a shots-fired call in the northern area of Kissimmee. Both officers sacrificed their lives in the line of duty protecting a woman, whose own statement said, ‘‘without question,’’ the two men were responsible for saving her life. Sam was born on September 20, 1981, in Bartow, Florida. Raised in Central Florida, he graduated from Osceola High School in 2000. Shortly after graduating, Sam joined the Flor-ida Army National Guard and served in Iraq from December 2003 to March 2005. Fulfilling a goal his wife, Billie Jo Howard, says was al-ways on his mind; to serve and protect. After his military service, Sam’s desire to serve and protect led to his pursuit of joining the Kissimmee Police Department on January 22, 2007. Sam was a Detective Corporal, Street Crimes Corporal, Traffic Homicide In-vestigator, DUI Officer, Motors Officer, and S.W.A.T. Sniper. On July 7, 2017, his impres-sive work effort and dedication led to his pro-motion to the rank of Sergeant. Sam’s sense of duty also carried over to his responsibilities as a father and husband. Sam had always kept his promise to be a role model and good father to his daughter, Unique. Through hard times and good, Sam always put Unique as his priority; as he would always attend her sporting events. Sam’s wife would say ‘‘everyone should be blessed to have a father like Sam.’’ Sam was not only a leader of our commu-nity in Kissimmee, but he was also a good person and friend to those who knew him. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A11OC8.001 E11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1356 October 11, 2017 
Through Sam’s passion for cars and athletics, his positivity brought joy to those around him. As a leader, Sam only wanted what was best for the community, and to make sure the peo-ple knew he was there to help those in need. For those who guard over us are our fellow brothers and sisters, who give their hearts to the communities they serve. 
f 
HON. SAM OLENS TO BE INVESTED AS THE FOURTH PRESIDENT OF KENNESAW STATE UNIVERSITY 
HON. BARRY LOUDERMILK 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, October 11, 2017 Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, on Thurs-day, October 19, the Honorable Sam Olens will be invested as the fourth President of Kennesaw State University in my home state of Georgia. I congratulate my friend Sam, the University, and the Kennesaw State commu-nity on this historic day. KSU, as it is known, has been at the forefront of educational oppor-tunities for students across Georgia and has grown to be the third largest institution of high-er learning in the state. With an enrollment of nearly 40,000 students, it represents one of the most geographically and culturally diverse institutions in the region and I am proud to have this school in my district, and to recog-nize this historic moment. Before joining Kennesaw State, Sam served as Georgia’s 53rd Attorney General, Vice President of the National Association of Attor-neys General, and Chairman of the Cobb County Board of Commissioners. He received his juris doctorate from Emory University School of Law, and holds a Bachelors and Masters degree from American University in International Politics. As Dr. Olens and the University look to the future, I wish them continued success in their efforts on behalf of KSU students and faculty, the Kennesaw community, and the state of Georgia. 
f 
THE CRISIS IN ROHINGYA 
HON. JAMIE RASKIN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, October 11, 2017 Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my profound concern about renewed violence in the Western Myanmar State of Rakhine and the resulting refugee and human-itarian crisis. The growing violence in Myanmar’s Rakhine State has already claimed the lives of 1,000 men, women and children who were brutally killed in recent clashes between the Myanmar military and Rohingya civilians. The military has also reportedly targeted some of the al-leged survivors who sought justice and protec-tion within Myanmar, leaving little recourse for those being victimized but to flee the country to neighboring Bangladesh. Rohingya Muslims have long been victims of official discrimination, living as a stateless minority community under restrictive citizen-ship laws and constant threat of abuse and vi-olence. The government of Myanmar must begin taking concrete steps to stop the down-ward spiral of sectarian violence, which imper-ils the safety of upwards of a million Rohingya Muslims. More than half a million Rohingya have fled Myanmar since major clashes occurred on Au-gust 25, 2017. Using satellite imagery, Human Rights Watch has documented more than 700 buildings in the Rohingya Muslim village of Chein Khar Li have been burned, accounting for more than 99 percent of the village. An ad-ditional 450 buildings were recently spotted smoldering in Maungdaw, the administrative capital of Maungdaw Township. This destruc-tion suggests a coordinated effort to drive the Rohingya population out of the country. There are divergent reports regarding who is to blame for the chaos in Western Myanmar. Refugees blame the Myanmar mili-tary while the government blames the militant Arkan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA). For this reason, it is imperative that the govern-ment permit entry of a U.N. Human Rights Commission Fact Finding Mission to impar-tially document and assess the violence occur-ring in Rakhine State. Timely and accurate information about the crisis is especially crucial in this conflict be-cause Myanmar has cracked down on the media, using all the draconian tools at its dis-posal to keep criticism hidden from public view. The government has actually prosecuted scores of individuals under an egregious defa-mation law that has criminalized social media postings that merely express the plight of the Rohingya people. The international human rights community has criticized Myanmar’s Telecommunications Law for its vagueness, its severity of punishment, and its sweeping chilling effect on freedom of expression. The government of Myanmar should begin adopting the recommendations of the Kofi Annan Foundation Advisory Commission on Rakhine State contained in the August 2017 Final Report, which was released the day be-fore violence in the region erupted. These rec-ommendations include providing dignified liv-ing conditions in camps for internally displaced persons and granting national and inter-national humanitarian groups full access to the communities of Rakhine State. The continuing censorship of the media suggests that the government does not want the world to wit-ness the crimes that are being perpetrated in the Rakhine State. It is my hope that Myanmar will begin taking substantial and sustained steps to prevent any further violence in Rakhine State. I urge my colleagues to join me in calling on Myanmar to take meaningful action to desegregate the Rohingya Muslim population, repeal its repres-sive criminal defamation law, and permit human rights observers access to monitor the situation. 
f 
MEDICAL ADVOCACY AND OUTREACH 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, October 11, 2017 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, today I am proud to recognize Medical Advo-cacy and Outreach (MAO) for 30 years of dedicated service to the rural and underserved communities of Alabama. MAO, formerly known as Medical AIDS Outreach and Mont-gomery AIDS Outreach, is a private, non-prof-it, Rural Health and Wellness Organization and Community Based AIDS Service Organi-zation in Montgomery, Alabama. It was found-ed in 1987 by a group of volunteers who were both directly and indirectly affected by HIV/ AIDS. In 1994, after being awarded Ryan White Care Act Part C funds, MAO transitioned from a volunteer education and service organization to a full-time, health care facility. Because of the hard work of many working together on the local, state and federal level over the years, MAO now operates the largest HIV- specific health care facility by geographic area within the state of Alabama, the Copeland Care Clinic. I am inspired by the small group of volunteers, many who are still involved and supportive today, who have been responsible for the growth of this organization over the past 30 years. Today, MAO provides edu-cation services to members of the community and medical and social services to those living with and affected by HIV/AIDS, Hepatitis C, and Diabetes. MAO and the Copeland Clinic currently provide services to over 1600 pa-tients who live in Montgomery and 28 sur-rounding counties in Southeast Alabama. In addition, MAO provides an array of com-prehensive services and care for individuals living with HIV/AIDS, including: medication as-sistance, pharmacist consultations, housing services, an on-site food pantry, mental health counseling/case management, patient edu-cation, prevention education, free HIV and Hepatitis C testing, PrEP and interpretation services for Spanish-speaking individuals and the hearing impaired. Through their Telehealth Resource Center, they assist other providers with the integration of telemedicine technology into patient-centered environments in Ala-bama, Florida, Georgia, New York, South Carolina, and Tennessee. In addition to providing direct health care services, MAO educates the public about HIV/ AIDS and related illnesses and how to prevent transmission of infection. To this end, the or-ganization has made significant progress in educating the public on the reality that a per-son living with HIV who has an undetectable viral load cannot transmit the virus to their partners. This is why the staff at MAO also works so hard to ensure that individuals living with HIV receive regular treatment. As a mat-ter of fact, MAO has a new initiative called ‘‘Zero by 2020.’’ The targeted goal is to have no new HIV diagnoses in Lowndes County, Alabama in the year 2020. I truly believe this can be done if we support organizations like MAO that provide free testing and educate citi-zens on the importance of getting regular health screenings. MAO has two full service health and wellness clinics in Montgomery and Dothan where specialty care and related primary and dental care is provided to individuals living with HIV, Hepatitis C, and Diabetes. In addi-tion to these full service facilities, MAO oper-ates 10 rural telemedicine sites throughout Alabama in the following locations: Marengo County; Lowndes County; Dallas County; Perry County; Barbour County; Escambia County; Conecuh County; Covington County, Henry County; and Pike County. As the Mem-ber of Congress that represents the Black Belt, I am honored to be able to work with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A11OC8.002 E11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1357 October 11, 2017 
MAO and other partners in their work to pro-vide health care services to rural populations through telemedicine. The services that MAO provides have grown to include a licensed professional counselor, mental health counselling and assessments, including for substance abuse and addiction, social services, and maternal and infant serv-ices. MAO collaborates with three area sub-stance abuse treatment centers to provide prevention education to recovering addicts. MAO also houses the Alabama AIDS Edu-cation and Training Center (AETC), a con-tinuing education program serving healthcare providers and professionals statewide. The board, staff, and community partners with MAO work every day to fulfill their vision, which is to eradicate HIV/AIDS and other dis-eases that impact our most vulnerable neigh-bors. The progress this organization has made in 30 years demonstrates what can be accom-plished when dedicated and committed individ-uals work together for substantive change. I am proud to be the Member of Congress that represents MAO. The reality is that all individ-uals living with HIV/AIDS and related illnesses deserve to live a healthy life filled with dignity and respect. Thanks to MAO, countless lives have been touched and saved by their work. 
f 
KEITH SWERDFEGER TRIBUTE 
HON. SCOTT R. TIPTON 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, October 11, 2017 Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Keith Swerdfeger of Pueblo, Colo-rado, who has been honored with the Lifetime Business Achievement Award from the Colo-rado State University–Pueblo. Keith Swerdfeger was born and raised in Pueblo, Colorado, and has had a lifelong pas-sion to start a business and make a contribu-tion to his hometown. In 1968, Keith realized his dream of becoming a business owner, opening Swerdfeger Construction, Inc. with his wife Sharon. This was the beginning of a very successful business venture. Today, Swerdfeger Construction, Inc. is a vital part of Pueblo’s economy as well as in Southern Col-orado and six other states, employing 500 people. Keith readily gives all of the credit to his employees for his company’s success, while continuing to strive to create more jobs and opportunities. Keith is passionate about investing in the Pueblo community and firmly believes that part of his company’s success has come as the result of the work he, his family and em-ployees have done to give back. Keith has been very active with the Pueblo Economic Development Corporation, Pueblo County United Way, the Colorado Contractors, the Distribution Contractor Association, the Great-er Pueblo Chamber of Commerce and other civic and industry associations. Keith rep-resented Colorado House of Representatives District 47 from 2011 to 2013 where he served on the Economic and Business Development Committee, the Finance Committee and the Local Government Committee. He was a strong advocate for his District and the com-munity of Pueblo—and worked diligently to bring jobs and economic opportunities to the people of southern Colorado. Mr. Speaker, Keith Swerdfeger has been a long-time business leader and tireless civic volunteer for his hometown of Pueblo, Colo-rado. I’m fortunate to consider him a dear friend. When we tell younger generations of Puebloans that the keys to a successful life are dedication and a strong work ethic, we can point to Keith as an example. Pueblo is grateful to have Keith Swerdfeger as one of its sons. f 
HOUSING FOR THE ELDERLY IN THE DEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 
HON. DARREN SOTO 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, October 11, 2017 Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, Soto amendment, Soto number 11 to Division H, the Department of Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018, increased funding to the Housing for the Elderly Program by $2,500,000. It did so by shifting $2,500,000 from the Policy Development and Research, Research and Technology account within HUD. I support increased funding for the Housing for the Elderly Program and thank Chairman D
IAZ-BALART and my colleagues for their sup-port of my amendment. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE ALA-BAMA OUTSTANDING YOUNG FARM FAMILY FOR 2017 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, October 11, 2017 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the House’s attention to recognize the Alabama Outstanding Young Farm Family for 2017, the Lovvorn Family. The Lovvorn’s, Eric, Carrly, Chole (2) and Landon (3 months), live in near Ranburne, Alabama, and have a four-house poultry farm and cattle. They also grow hay and are co- owners of LHT Trucking, a poultry house clean-out business. Eric grew up around poultry farming and by the age of 12 had decided chicken houses wouldn’t be in his future. That changed when he bought his first poultry farm in Cleburne County at the age of 20. Eric and Carrly met in 2008 at a University of Georgia football game and were married in 2011. Carrly works at Georgia Power Company. The Lovvorns love farming and want their children to know how important farming is. Eric serves as the Cleburne County Young Farmers chairman and participated in the Agri-cultural Leaders for Alabama program. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the Alabama Outstanding Young Farm Family for 2017: Eric, Carrly, Chole and Landon Lovvorn. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. JAMES B. RENACCI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, October 11, 2017 Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 558, and YEA on Roll Call No. 559. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 150TH AN-NIVERSARY OF TRINITY UNITED CHURCH OF CHRIST, TAMAQUA 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, October 11, 2017 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Trinity United Church of Christ, Tamaqua which is celebrating its 150th anni-versary this year. For a century and a half, Trinity has served as a place of worship and community for the residents of Tamaqua, from the early German settlers of the region to modern congregants from diverse back-grounds. In 1835, Trinity’s parent church, St. John’s Evangelical Lutheran and Reformed Church, was founded by the German population of Tamaqua. In 1867, twelve men and their fami-lies left the congregation of St. John’s to form Trinity Church under the guidance of Rev-erend Levi K. Derr. One of the original twelve, Daniel Shepp donated land to build the church at the comer of Lafayette and Washington Streets. In September 1868, Reverend I.E. Graeff became the first full-time pastor, serv-ing until March 1873. In 1961, the present church was dedicated and, over the following decades, improve-ments were made to the building and grounds. The church’s distinctive exterior is marked by the Trinity chime, a landmark in Tamaqua. Ad-ditionally, Trinity is unique in that it is one of the very few churches that have its own hymn. In 1942, Rev. Dr. Henry A. W. Shaeffer wrote the words, and Mrs. Gertrude Wagner wrote the music to the signature piece. Today, Trinity, under the leadership of Pas-tor Darry Kensinger, celebrates a diverse, vi-brant congregation dedicated to serving Tamaqua and the surrounding community in the tradition of the United Church of Christ, known for being open minded, inclusive, and welcoming. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, October 11, 2017 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House chamber for votes Tuesday, October 10, 2017. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yea’’ on roll call votes 558 and 559. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K11OC8.008 E11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1358 October 11, 2017 
TAX COUNSELING FOR THE EL-DERLY IN THE DEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2018 
HON. DARREN SOTO 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, October 11, 2017 Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, Soto amendment, Soto number 27 to Division D, the Department of Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018, increased funding to the Tax Counseling for the Elderly Program by $1,000,000. It did so by making an additional carveout of money from the overall Taxpayer Services Account. I support increased funding for the Tax Counseling for the Elderly Program and thank Chairman G
RAVES and my colleagues for their support of my amendment. 
f 
CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 
SPEECH OF  
HON. CEDRIC L. RICHMOND 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, October 4, 2017 Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Chair, I include in the R
ECORD a letter from the National Education Association. 
NATIONAL EDUCATION ASSOCIATION , Washington, DC, October 4, 2017. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the more than three million members of the Na-tional Education Association (NEA), and the 50 million students they serve, we urge you to Vote No on the FY 2018 budget resolution (H. Con. Res. 71) being brought to the House floor this week, and offer our views on the alternative budgets that have been proposed. The budget should reflect the priorities of our nation and should especially meet the needs of children and those most in need. Ac-tions on this issue may be included in the NEA Legislative Report Card for the 115th Congress. In addition to urging a NO vote on H. Con. Res. 71, we urge you to: Vote YES on the Democratic substitute budget. This budget stresses the need to in-vest in our economic future. It lifts the budget caps, broadens access to education, defends and strengthens the Affordable Care Act, invests in infrastructure, raises the minimum wage, and supports tax reform that supports American families and work-ers. Vote YES on the budget presented by the Congressional Progressive Caucus offered by Reps. Pocan (D–WI) and Grijalva (D–AZ). This budget provides a practical, progressive vision for our country by investing in 21st century infrastructure and jobs, tackling in-equality, making corporations pay their fair share, and strengthening essential public programs. Vote YES on the budget presented by the Congressional Black Caucus offered by Rep. Scott (D–VA). This budget would establish funding levels to allow for investments in key programs like education, infrastructure and job training, makes the tax code more progressive and fair, repeals the Budget Con-trol Act and ends the threat of sequestra-tion, and create jobs while also reducing the deficit. Vote NO on the budget presented by the Republican Study Committee authored by Reps. Walker (R–NC) and McClintock (R– CA). This budget goes beyond the Budget Committee proposal in terms of balancing the budget on the backs of those least able to afford it by cutting spending $5.7 trillion over the next 10 years. The budget also would repeal the Affordable Care Act, in-crease the Medicare eligibility age, and block grant Medicaid and the Children’s Health Insurance Program. We strongly oppose H. Con. Res. 71 because it takes us in the wrong direction as a nation by making dramatic cuts to essential pro-grams and services in order to finance tax cuts for the wealthy. Specifically, we oppose: Doubling down on deep cuts to education and other domestic programs. This proposal would cut Non-Defense-Discretionary pro-grams (i.e. education, health care, job train-ing, etc.), which are already at historically low levels (as a percentage of GDP), by low-ering the already inadequate spending caps by $5 billion in 2018 and cutting spending for NDD programs by $1.3 trillion over the next decade. This would force even deeper cuts to crucial investments like education depriving students of the opportunity they all deserve for a quality education. Making dramatic cuts for essential pro-grams to finance a massive tax cut for the wealthy and add $2.4 trillion to our country’s debt. According to the Tax Policy Center, the top one percent of households would get 80 percent of the framework’s next tax cuts, or more than $200,000 annually on average. Slashing Medicaid and other health pro-grams, which provides healthcare for more than one-third of our nation’s children. Over-all funding for Medicaid and other programs would be cut by $1.5 trillion over the decade, while Medicare would be cut by $487 billion over the decade. Voucherizing Medicare and shifting costs to seniors. Under the proposed plan, seniors would receive ‘‘premium support’’—fixed payments to help buy coverage, which would likely fail to keep pace with rising healthcare costs. The plan also could also lead to the gradual demise of traditional Medicare by making the pool of beneficiaries smaller, older, and sicker—and increasingly costly to cover. Student aid cuts, which appear to include deep cuts to the Pell Grant program and stu-dent loans. We should be working to make college more affordable for more students. For too long Congress has tied its own hands with senseless and untenable budget caps, resulting in wholly inadequate funding levels for critical programs like education. This budget would make that problem much worse and sets the stage to enact massive tax cuts for the wealthy. We urge you to Vote NO on the FY18 budget resolution (H. Con. Res. 71). Sincerely, M
ARCEGAN, Director, Government Relations, National Education Association. f 
IN HONOR OF DONALD G. FREEMAN 
HON. JIMMY PANETTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, October 11, 2017 Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Donald G. Freeman, a constituent of California’s Twentieth Congressional district on the occasion of his retirement. Don began his tenure as City Attorney for the City of Car-mel-by-the-Sea in 1983. Since then, he has worked with seven mayors and is the longest serving city attorney in the city’s history. Dur-ing his tenure, he has provided a full range of legal services as the chief legal advisor to the city council, city administrator, the city’s de-partments, boards and commissions. He has consistently provided sound legal advice to the council during the course of innumerable meetings and has served as counsel for sev-eral special districts, including the Carmel Area Wastewater and the Seaside Redevelop-ment Agency. He is also an active member of the Association of Monterey Bay Area Govern-ments, as well as the Mayor’s Water Authority. He has also gone out of his way to provide the council, city staff, board and commission members with mentoring and training in areas of ethics, conflicts of interest, and the Brown Act. In the performance of his duties, Don regu-larly evaluated projects that involved complex legal issues, recommended options to mini-mize legal risk, and ensured due process in city decisions. As he managed and guided the city through various types of litigation, he dem-onstrated a mastery of negotiating lease agreements, and drafting ordinances and res-olutions that helped protect and preserve the character and integrity of Carmel-by-the-Sea. In addition to the vital role he played in service to the City, Don maintained a strong belief in public service, helping others, funda-mental fairness, and the importance of law and education. Over time, he developed a keen appreciation for the history of Carmel and for its unique village character, eventually becoming one of its staunchest defenders. His understanding of Carmel-by-the-Sea, and his many contributions have proven to be indis-pensable to the city’s officials and residents. Don has built strong ties that have bene-fitted Carmel. His counsel, guidance, and sup-port to the City Council, city employees, and the community have made him a valued col-league. His historical and institutional knowl-edge will be missed by those who will carry on the work of the City or Carmel. In honor and recognition of his service, I would like to express my gratitude and appre-ciation to Donald G. Freeman for his more than 33 years of counsel, advice, and dedica-tion to the city of Carmel-by-the-Sea. I ask that my colleagues join me in wishing Mr. Freeman the very best in his future endeav-ors, and a very happy retirement. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF ROBIN MADSEN—LABOR LEADER AND FRIEND 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, October 11, 2017 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to a dear friend, a committed public servant, and a fierce labor leader from St. Paul, Minnesota—Ms. Robin Madsen. Robin passed away last week at the age of 69 after a battle with cancer. Her death is a personal loss for me since I have known her for more than thirty years. Robin was a wonderful woman, a tireless believer in organized labor, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A11OC8.009 E11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1359 October 11, 2017 
a champion for children, and one of the kindest souls you could ever meet. For thirty-six years Robin drove the St. Paul Public Library bookmobile. She was the ‘‘bookmobile lady’’ to thousands of children who were able to explore their interests, new ideas, and the world because Robin’s book-mobile came to their neighborhood. Robin also became the president of AFSCME 1842 where she served as a com-mitted advocate for workers, public employ-ees, and political candidates who were willing to invest in community services to meet the needs of families and children. From my first campaign for Congress in 2000 I was honored to have Robin as a friend and supporter. She helped organize a Women of Labor effort and was never shy about speaking her mind or helping behind the scenes. Robin was all about getting results without worrying about getting credit. Robin Madsen was a true friend and a strong woman who I admired and respected greatly. My prayers and condolences are with Robin’s children, grandchildren and countless friends. Robin will be missed. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DAVID ROUZER 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, October 11, 2017 Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, on October 10, I was attending the funeral of a friend. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 558 and YEA on Roll Call No. 559. 
f 
HUANGLONGBING MULTI-AGENCY COORDINATION EFFORTS IN THE DEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR, EN-VIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 
HON. DARREN SOTO 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, October 11, 2017 Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, Soto amendment, Soto number 24 to Division B, the Department of Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018, moved $1,000,000 from the Office of the Economist account to the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Serv-ice’s Specialty Crop Pest Program, specifically the Huanglongbing Multi-Agency Coordination Efforts. I support increased funding for the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service’s Spe-cialty Crop Pest Program’s Huanglongbing Multi-Agency Coordination Efforts and thank Chairman A
DERHOLT and my colleagues for their support of my amendment. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF DELEGATE LACEY E. PUTNEY 
HON. BOB GOODLATTE 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, October 11, 2017 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I, along with my colleagues, Representatives R
OBERT  J. WITTMAN , H. M ORGAN GRIFFITH , DAVEBRAT, T
HOMAS A. G ARRETT , Jr., and S COTT TAYLOR , rise today to honor the life and service of Lacey E. Putney, a dear friend and the long-est-serving state legislator in Virginia’s history. Born on June 27, 1928, Lacey passed away on August 26, 2017, at the age of 89. He was born and raised in Big Island, Virginia, and re-mained a well-respected member of the com-munity his entire life. After earning his under-graduate degree in 1950 from Washington and Lee University, Lacey enlisted in the United States Air Force where he served for four years. He later graduated from the Wash-ington and Lee University School of Law and went on to practice law for more than 55 years in Bedford. Lacey was first elected to represent the 19th District in the Virginia House of Delegates in 1961. During his time in office, he held many important leadership positions, including Chair-man of the House Appropriations Committee, Chairman of the Privileges and Elections Committee, and as acting Speaker of the House in 2003. Lacey was a true force in the state legislature, and he knew how to get things done. Anyone who worked with him wit-nessed that firsthand, and his hard work can be seen throughout western Virginia. He was instrumental in establishing the Virginia Tech Carilion School of Medicine and Research In-stitute in Roanoke and the Virginia Horse Cen-ter in Lexington, creating the National D-Day Memorial in Bedford, and restoring Thomas Jefferson’s Poplar Forest. He led many suc-cessful legislative initiatives during his tenure, including the creation of the Virginia Tuition Assistance Grant program, the Virginia Retire-ment System, and the Virginia community col-lege system. In 2013, Lacey retired from pub-lic service after 52 years. It was only fitting that upon his passing Lacey lie in state in the rotunda of the State Capitol. Lacey’s legacy is one of service, kindness, and action. He was trusted by the people he represented and respected by his colleagues. He exemplified the role of a citizen legislator and set an example for all of us through his passion for serving his fellow Virginians. We are honored to have known Lacey Putney over the years, and the Commonwealth of Vir-ginia is better because of individuals like him. With his passing, Virginia lost one of its great-est treasures. We offer our condolences to his beloved wife, Carmela, as well as the entire Putney family. Our prayers are with them as they mourn this loss and celebrate his life. May God give them comfort and peace. While he may be gone from this earth, there is no doubt that his legacy will live on. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JERRY KLECZKA 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, October 11, 2017 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Jerry Kleczka. He was a true public servant and legislator. He passed away on October 8, 2017. He was 73 years old. Jerry Kleczka grew up on the south side of Milwaukee. He graduated from Don Bosco High School, attended the University of Wis-consin-Milwaukee for two years, worked as an accountant and served in the Wisconsin Na-tional Guard. Jerry Kleczka was elected to the Wisconsin State Legislature at age 24 where he served in both the Assembly and Senate. In 1984, he won a special election to replace Clement Zablocki in Congress and served for over two decades until his retirement in 2005. I succeeded Jerry Kleczka in the 4th Congres-sional District and appreciate his kindness in assisting me through the transition to Wash-ington. He gave me a gift of African cloth from one of his trips that I cherish to this day. While in Congress, Jerry Kleczka served on the powerful House Ways and Means Com-mittee; he formed a warm and lasting friend-ship with Representative JOHN LEWIS during that tenure. He twice voted against going to war—the Gulf War in 1991 and the invasion of Iraq in 2003. Some of his signature legislation included support for seniors and preventing ‘‘drive-through’’ baby deliveries when insur-ance companies forced some women to leave hospitals too soon after giving birth. Jerry Kleczka was a serious, hard-working legislator with a strong work ethic. He took pride in being the guy from the south side of Milwaukee. When my alma mater, Marquette University began an internship program in Washington, D.C., in 1984 for students interested in ca-reers in government and public service, Klecz-ka was a strong supporter. Jerry Kleczka do-nated his campaign funds of $300,000 to endow what became in 2005 the Kleczka In-ternship Program. He was awarded an hon-orary doctorate of law degree in 2005 by Mar-quette University. Many of the interns serving in my office were members of this program; this is Jerry Kleczka’s lasting legacy to the en-tire community. Upon his retirement, Jerry moved to Mid-dleton. Middleton was Bonnie’s, his wife of 39 years, hometown. He lived quietly and was busy with hobbies that included gardening, woodworking and remodeling projects. Mr. Speaker, Jerry Kleczka was a valued member of Milwaukee, the 4th Congressional District, and the entire State of Wisconsin. I applaud and value his stewardship. I urge you and my colleagues in the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives to join me in a salute to the late Jerry Kleczka. 
f 
CONGRATULATING DR. R.W. BOBBY MARTIN ON A LIFETIME OF CHRISTIAN LEADERSHIP AND SERVICE 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, October 11, 2017 Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Bobby Martin on his retire-ment from the Dallas Baptist Association. For the past 48 years, Dr. Martin has devoted his time and efforts to providing Christian leader-ship and education to churches. Dr. Martin has demonstrated a lifetime of passion for Christian education, including his own. Dr. Martin earned his Bachelor of Arts degree at Lamar University in 1972 and went on to earn his Master of Religious Education and Doctor of Educational Ministry both from Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary in Fort Worth, Texas. In 1976, Dr. Martin married 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A11OC8.011 E11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1360 October 11, 2017 
Jennifer Langston, and together they have two children, Todd and Brandon, a daughter-in- law, Casey, and a grandchild, Kate. In 1969, at the age of 19, Dr. Martin an-swered God’s call to ministry by joining Rose-dale Baptist Church in Beaumont, Texas as a part-time Minister of Music and Youth. By 1974, Dr. Martin joined Fletcher Emanuel Bap-tist Church in Lumberton, Texas as the full- time Minister of Education and Youth. In 1982, Dr. Martin moved to South Main Baptist Church in Houston, Texas as the Church Busi-ness Administrator. Soon after, Dr. Martin moved his young family to North Texas to start his service at First Baptist Church of Carrollton. For 16 years, Dr. Martin served as the As-sociate Pastor of Education at First Baptist Church of Carrollton. During Dr. Martin’s ten-ure at First Baptist Carrollton, the church was one of the largest and fastest growing con-gregations in the nation. He guided the total education program including Sunday School, discipleship training, missions and weekday education. In 1999, Dr. Martin joined the Dallas Baptist Association as the Director of Leadership De-velopment. Dallas Baptist Association serves over 500 churches in 40 different languages with the mission of multiplying disciples, min-istries, and churches throughout Dallas and Rockwall Counties. Over the last 18 years, Dr. Martin has been charged with equipping Chris-tian leaders with the tools they need for Bible study and discipleship. Dr. Martin’s years of service at the Dallas Baptist Association have helped the organization grow and prosper. Throughout his tenure, he earned the reputa-tion as a steadfast spiritual leader and an ef-fective advocate who is dedicated to Christian education and spiritual advancement. Dr. Martin has committed his time and en-ergy to service in his community in different ministry outreach positions. Since 1997, Dr. Martin has served as the Lead Chaplain for the Carrollton Police Department. From 2001 to 2010, Dr. Martin served on the Board of Di-rectors of the DFW Airport Interfaith Chap-laincy. He participated in organizing chap-laincy programs for military members returning home for ‘‘rest and relief’’ from Operations Iraqi Freedom and Enduring Freedom. In 2008, Dr. Martin joined the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s Dallas Division as Chaplain. He has been a visiting Chaplain at the FBI Acad-emy at Quantico, Virginia, and part of the FBI’s Critical Incident Team. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 24th District of Texas, I would like to thank Dr. Bobby Martin for his lifetime of Christian leadership and service. I ask all my distinguished colleagues to join me in wishing Dr. Martin continued suc-cess as he enjoys his retirement. 
f 
GRASSROOTS SOURCE WATER PROTECTION PROGRAM IN THE DEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR, EN-VIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 
HON. DARREN SOTO 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, October 11, 2017 Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, Soto amendment, Soto number 23 to Division B, the Department of Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018, moved $500,000 from the Office of the Secretary account to the Grassroots Source Water Protection Program. I support increased funding for the Grass-roots Source Water Protection Program and thank Chairman ADERHOLT and my colleagues for their support of my amendment. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF REVEREND DR. A.V. FISHER 
HON. MARC A. VEASEY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, October 11, 2017 Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of a community trailblazer, fa-ther, husband, and man of God, the Reverend Dr. A.V. Fisher. The Reverend Dr. A.V. Fisher was born the sixth of seven children to Essie J. and Corine Caraway Fisher in 1933 in Marshall County, Texas. After graduating from Pemberton High School, Reverend Fisher forged his own path to become the first male student to graduate Cosmetology at Valarie Hurd Beauty College. In 1958, Reverend Fisher brought his exper-tise and work ethic to Fort Worth where he opened his first beauty salon. Reverend Fisher immediately transformed the salon into a com-munity icon that caught the attention of Ebony and Beauty Trade Magazines, ranking him as one of the Top 100 Beauty Operators in the United States. The Texas Legislature joined their high praise by honoring Reverend Fisher for 50 years as a Hair Stylist and Beauty Owner. Following his successful barbershop career, Reverend Fisher decided to embark on a new chapter of this life by transitioning into min-istry. He entered the Gospel Ministry in 1963 under the spiritual guidance of Reverend James Warren and Dr. M.R. Lester, and later became pastor of the Salem Missionary Bap-tist Church. As a Reverend, Dr. Fisher has welcomed hundreds to his church; baptized many, ordained over 300 deacons, and in-stalled over 200 preachers as pastors all over the United States. Additionally, Reverend Fish-er’s service did not waiver. He founded the Black Pastor’s Association, coordinated the Martin Luther King, Jr. Memorial Service and Prayer Breakfast for 30 years, and helped found the East Fort Worth Interdenominational Ministerial Alliance. Reverend Fisher grad-uated from the New World Bible Institute, and has received numerous awards including an honorary doctorate. He has preached all across the United States and the Bahamas. Reverend Dr. A.V. Fisher passed away on Tuesday, October 3, 2017 and is survived by his wife, Verdell Knighten, and their three beautiful daughters, Avis Michelle, Ava LaNell, and Adrain Van. I honor and celebrate the life of a dedicated community servant, Reverend Dr. A.V. Fisher. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MICHAEL F. DOYLE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, October 11, 2017 Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to be present in Washington for voting on October 4–5, 2017 due to circumstances beyond my control. Had I been present, I would have voted: Yes on the Grijalva Amendment to H. Con. Res. 71 (Roll Call No. 553), and Yes on the Scott Amendment to H. Con. Res. 71 (Roll Call No. 554). Additionally, I would have voted Yes on the Yarmuth amendment to H. Con. Res. 71 (Roll Call No. 556), and voted No on Final Passage (Roll Call No. 557). f 
IN HONOR OF QUEENS COLLEGE’S 80TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. GRACE MENG 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, October 11, 2017 Ms. MENG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today along with my colleague, The Honorable J
OSEPH  C
ROWLEY , to recognize the 80th anniversary of Queens College, an institution of higher edu-cation in Queens that provides an exemplary education to nearly 20,000 students annually. Queens College opened its doors on October 11, 1937, and ushered in the first class of stu-dents to the first public college in Queens. On the first day of classes, Queens College Presi-dent Paul Klapper remarked, ‘‘We are the pio-neers of a new institution. We have no history to look back to, but we can look forward to progress.’’ Mr. Speaker, I believe that President Klapper would be proud to see the remarkable progress that Queens College has made. The Princeton Review has continuously com-mended the college for offering a world-class education by an illustrious faculty for an af-fordable price. It is no wonder that it places in the top 1 percent of colleges that successfully move its students from the bottom-fifth income distribution percentile to the top-fifth income distribution percentile. In its eighty years, 160,000 students have become alumni. Some have earned Pulitzer Prizes, Emmy Awards, becoming CEOs, or achieved scientific break-throughs. As an alumnus himself, I know that Congressman C
ROWLEY is proud to join me in commending Queens College for its steadfast commitment in ensuring that students reach their potential. Queens College has not only cultivated a reputation for investing in student success, but also for being one of the most diverse col-leges in the country. Students who are cur-rently enrolled are from 170 countries and speak over 110 languages. Queens College offers 69 undergraduate programs in the arts and sciences. In its eighty years of operations, the college has become a cultural hub for stu-dents to pursue and achieve academic suc-cess in Queens. I am proud to stand with Congressman C
ROWLEY to commemorate Queens College’s 80th anniversary. I look forward to seeing what the future will bring for this trailblazing beacon of higher education. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A11OC8.016 E11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1361 October 11, 2017 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF THELMA G. GOLD-STEIN 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, October 11, 2017 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Thelma G. Goldstein, a resident of Falmouth, Massachusetts, who would have turned 100 years young on October 12th. Thelma was born in Manhattan. Her family persevered through the Great Depression sup-ported by her father’s ice cream factory. Presi-dent Franklin Delano Roosevelt’s government interventions during that period served as an inspiration that led her to discovering a pas-sion for public service. Her other great passion was her family and no matter how busy she got, she always made time for family and she raised four children with her husband, a career military doctor. Thelma was a devoted Democrat since she cast her first ballot in 1940. Her belief in com-munity engagement followed her through life and led her to becoming the co-chairman of the Falmouth Democratic Town Committee. A local legend in Falmouth, Thelma is re-membered for her tireless efforts to improve the Democratic Party and as a strong advo-cate for women in politics. In her nineties, she was organizing trips to New Hampshire to campaign for Hillary Clinton and led local ef-forts to make phone calls, knock on doors, and hold signs. Unfortunately Thelma passed away on June 9, 2016. She had attended a Democratic Convention just one week earlier. Her commitment to public service continues with the Thelma Goldstein Award for Civic In-volvement and with the legacy she left behind in our community. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor the life of Thelma G. Goldstein on this occasion of her 100th birthday. I ask that my colleagues join me in recognizing her many years of dedica-tion to the community. 
f 
INVASIVE SPECIES IN THE DE-PARTMENT OF INTERIOR, ENVI-RONMENT, AND RELATED AGEN-CIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 
HON. DARREN SOTO 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, October 11, 2017 Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, Soto amendment, Soto number 49 to Division A, the Department of Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018, moved $500,000 from the United States Fish and Wildlife gen-eral administration account to the National Wildlife Refuge System program, specifically for the Wildlife and Habitat Management of invasive species, I support increased funding for the Wildlife and Habitat Management efforts to combat invasive species and thank Chairman C
ALVERT  and my colleagues for their support of my amendment. IN HONOR OF THE CAPITOLA BEGONIA FESTIVAL HON. JIMMY PANETTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, October 11, 2017 Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an important milestone in my dis-trict. The Capitola Begonia Festival has re-cently completed its 65th and final year. This event has provided family friendly fun in the beautiful village of Capitola for thousands of people in our neighborhood and beyond. It has brought hundreds of families together and has created many memories that will always be remembered. The Capitola Begonia Festival has been a cherished event in our community since it began in 1952. The begonias have been do-nated by several growers in our community, including the Antonelli, Vetterle, and Reinelt families. The Golden State Bulb Growers pro-vided additional support that helped keep the tradition alive for 65 years. The begonias pro-vided by all of these growers have been a part of one of the most prized events of the week-end, the Nautical Parade of begonia adorned floats. Each year, volunteers head down to the city of Marina in the early morning to collect the blooming begonias to adorn the floats. While begonias once grew abundantly in Capitola by the 1970’s, they were eventually only to be found in Marina. The Begonia Festival has allowed us to en-courage imagination in our community. We have seen a giraffe created out of begonias for the 2007 ‘‘Jungle Safari’’ theme and wit-nessed the sunshine yellow form of SpongeBob SquarePants come alive for the 2008 ‘‘It Came From the Sea’’ theme. Whether it is creative ideas or creative structures, the Begonia Festival has been an incredible outlet for art, creativity, and imagination here in our community. Along with the Nautical Parade, there have been many other activities created to help cel-ebrate this special weekend. Among these, some favorites stand out, including the Horse-shoe Contest, Fishing Derby, and the Sand Sculpture Contest, where art is created from one of the finest mediums found on the Cen-tral Coast of California. All of these events are open to the community and beyond, making Capitola a warm and welcoming environment. These cherished events will be remembered fondly for creating a family friendly and histor-ical tradition for Labor Day weekend in our community. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to recognize this treasured community tradition that has brought together countless participants, volun-teers, and sponsors. I thank all of those who have given their time and resources to make the Capitola Begonia Festival a gem of our community; one that will be truly missed. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE 80TH BIRTHDAY OF JUANITA VARNADO PIERCE 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, October 11, 2017 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the House’s attention to recognize the 80th birthday of Juanita Varnado Pierce. Juanita was born to the late Howard and Maggie Lee Varnado and grew up in McComb, Mississippi. She graduated from Tuskegee Institute, now Tuskegee University, in 1974 with a B.S. in Early Childhood Edu-cation and from Auburn University with a Mas-ter’s in Early Childhood Education in August of 1975. Juanita was married to the late Booker T. Pierce, Sr. and was blessed with three chil-dren: Booker T. Pierce, Jr. (Nashville, Ten-nessee), Vincent B. Pierce (St. Louis, Mis-souri) and Lisa P. Grant (Alexandria, Virginia). They have two grandsons, Dominque Pierce (Pompano Beach, Florida) and Nicholas B. Grant, who is a third year Mechanical Engi-neering Student at Georgia Tech. Juanita started teaching 2nd grade at Dean Road Elementary School in Auburn in August of 1975 and continued teaching 2nd grade for 17 years. After completing her Administration Certification from the University of Alabama, she was hired as the Assistant Principal at Dean Road Elementary in Fall of 1992 and became Principal in Fall of 1996. She retired as Principal of Dean Road Elementary School in the Fall of 1998. After joining Washington Chapel A.M.E. Church in 1960, she started teaching the pre- school Sunday School class and remained the teacher for nearly 50 years. She still serves in the Cathedral Choir, as a member of the Stewardess Board and is active in Sunday School. In Summer of 2005, Juanita founded the S.M.A.R.T. (Science, Math, Art, Reading and Technology) Camp. Funded by grants and do-nations, this free two-week camp was started at Washington Chapel A.M.E. Church with ap-proximately 40 students. Today, it is held at George Washington Carver Elementary School due to size and nearly 100 applica-tions. A surprise Ladies’ Luncheon will be held with women who have blessed her life over the years on October 21st at O’Charley’s in Opelika, Alabama. Mr. Speaker, please join me in wishing Jua-nita Varnado Pierce a very happy 80th birth-day. f 
PATTI CANCHOLA TRIBUTE 
HON. SCOTT R. TIPTON 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, October 11, 2017 Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Patti Canchola, a well-respected veteri-narian at Pueblo Animal Services. Patti was voted the 2017 American Humane Hero Vet-erinarian, which is a national honor bestowed upon an individual who improves the lives of animals and their owners in unheralded ways. Patti performs 3,500 to 4,500 spay and neu-ter procedures a year, as well as 200 other surgeries. She voluntarily takes veterinary forensics courses that train her on identifying abused, neglected, and mistreated animals that are a part of criminal investigations. When off the clock, Patti operates Amazin’ Amos Pet Food Pantry, a nonprofit food bank, as well as St. Martin’s Well Pet Clinic, an independent low-cost health center. Both of these organiza-tions help pet owners with low socio-economic status provide their animals with the care and food they need. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A11OC8.021 E11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1362 October 11, 2017 
As a child in Pueblo, Patti would bring home wounded cats, dogs, squirrels, and birds in need of assistance. Her love of animals has continued throughout her entire life. We are truly fortunate to have such an upstanding and dedicated member of our community and on behalf of the Third District I would like to thank Patti for her generous service to the commu-nity. 
f 
NATIONAL ESTUARY PROGRAM AND COASTAL WATERWAYS IN THE DEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 
HON. DARREN SOTO 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, October 11, 2017 Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, Soto amendment, Soto number 48 to Division A, the Department of Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018, put the House on record of supporting a final funding amount of $27,191,000 for the National Estuary Program and Coastal Waterways. It does so by remov-ing and then reapplying $468,000 within the $2.3 billion appropriation for the Environmental Programs and Management account within the Environmental Protection Agency. I support increased funding for the National Estuary Program and Coastal Waterways and thank Chairman CALVERT and my colleagues for their support of my amendment. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, Oc-tober 12, 2017 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s RECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
OCTOBER 17 10 a.m. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine the cost of prescription drugs, focusing on how the drug delivery system affects what pa-tients pay. SD–430 OCTOBER 18 10 a.m. Committee on the Judiciary To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Department of Justice. SH–216 OCTOBER 25 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on SeaPower To receive a closed briefing on the major threats facing naval forces and the Navy’s current and planned capabili-ties to meet those threats. SVC–217 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11OC8.024 E11OCPT1
D1072 Wednesday, October 11, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-journed until 8:30 a.m., on Friday, October 13, 2017. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 22 pub-lic bills, H.R. 4006–4027; and 2 resolutions, H. Res. 567–568 were introduced.
                 Pages H7973–75 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H7975–76 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Newhouse to act as Speak-er pro tempore for today.
                                      Page H7921 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:42 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H7926 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Molly Fraser, Gig Harbor United Methodist Church, Gig Harbor, Washington. 
                                                                                            Page H7926 
Privileged Resolution—Intent to Offer: Rep-resentative Al Green (TX) announced his intent to offer a privileged resolution.
                        Pages H7928–30 
Privileged Resolution: Pursuant to clause 2(a)(1) of rule IX, the Speaker designated this as the time for Representative Al Green (TX) to offer the resolution previously noticed. Subsequently, the resolution was not offered.
                                                                    Page H7935 
Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick Whistleblower Protection Act of 2017—Rule for Consideration: The House agreed to H. Res. 562, providing for consideration of the bill (S. 585) to provide greater whistleblower protections for Federal employees, increased aware-ness of Federal whistleblower protections, and in-creased accountability and required discipline for Federal supervisors who retaliate against whistle-blowers, by a recorded vote of 234 ayes to 185 noes, Roll No. 561, after the previous question was or-dered by a yea-and-nay vote of 227 yeas to 190 nays, Roll No. 560.                                  Pages H7930–35, H7935–36 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: National Institute of Standards and Technology Small Business Cybersecurity Act of 2017: H.R. 2105, amended, to require the Director of the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Technology to dis-seminate guidance to help reduce small business cy-bersecurity risks;
                                                Pages H7936–39 
Small Business Innovation Research and Small Business Technology Transfer Improvements Act of 2017: H.R. 2763, amended, to amend the Small Business Act to improve the Small Business Innova-tion Research program and Small Business Tech-nology Transfer program;
                              Pages H7939–45 
Power And Security Systems (PASS) Act: S. 190, to provide for consideration of the extension under the Energy Policy and Conservation Act of non-application of No-Load Mode energy efficiency standards to certain security or life safety alarms or surveillance systems;
                                        Pages H7945–46 
National Clinical Care Commission Act: S. 920, to establish a National Clinical Care Commission; 
                                                                                    Pages H7946–48 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 259 Nassau Street, Suite 2 in Princeton, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Dr. John F. Nash, Jr. Post Office’’: H.R. 2302, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11OC7.REC D11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1073 October 11, 2017 
259 Nassau Street, Suite 2 in Princeton, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Dr. John F. Nash, Jr. Post Office’’; 
                                                                                            Page H7948 
Bonuses for Cost-Cutters Act of 2017: H.R. 378, amended, to amend title 5, United States Code, to enhance the authority under which Federal agencies may pay cash awards to employees for making cost saving disclosures;
                                             Pages H7948–50 
Amending title 5, United States Code, to allow whistleblowers to disclose information to certain recipients: H.R. 2196, amended, to amend title 5, United States Code, to allow whistleblowers to dis-close information to certain recipients; 
                                                                                    Pages H7950–51 
All Circuit Review Act: H.R. 2229, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide permanent authority for judicial review of certain Merit Systems Protection Board decisions relating to whistle-blowers;
                                                                  Pages H7951–52 
Frederick Douglass Bicentennial Commission Act: H.R. 2989, amended, to establish the Frederick Douglass Bicentennial Commission;
        Pages H7952–54 
Thrift Savings Plan Modernization Act of 2017: H.R. 3031, amended, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for flexibility in making withdrawals from a Thrift Savings Plan account; and 
                                                                                    Pages H7954–55 
FITARA Enhancement Act of 2017: H.R. 3243, to amend title 40, United States Code, to eliminate the sunset of certain provisions relating to informa-tion technology, and to amend the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 to extend the sunset relating to the Federal Data Center Consolida-tion Initiative, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 418 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 563. 
                                                                Pages H7955–57, H7958–59 
Recess: The House recessed at 4:14 p.m. and recon-vened at 4:29 p.m.
                                                   Page H7957 
Suspension—Proceedings Resumed: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure. Consideration began Tuesday, October 10th. Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 324 West Saint Louis Street in Pacific, Missouri, as the ‘‘Specialist Jef-frey L. White, Jr. Post Office’’: H.R. 452, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 324 West Saint Louis Street in Pacific, Missouri, as the ‘‘Specialist Jeffrey L. White, Jr. Post Office’’, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 418 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 562.
            Pages H7957–58 
Directing the President pursuant to section 5(c) of the War Powers Resolution to remove United States Armed Forces from unauthorized hos-tilities in the Republic of Yemen: Agreed by unanimous consent that the provisions of section 7 of the War Powers Resolution shall apply to House Concurrent Resolution 81, directing the President pursuant to section 5(c) of the War Powers Resolu-tion to remove United States Armed Forces from un-authorized hostilities in the Republic of Yemen, not earlier than November 2, 2017, but on the same terms that would have adhered on October 13, 2017.                                                                               Page H7959 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes and one recorded vote developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H7935–36, H7936, H7957–58, and H7958. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 7:28 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
EXAMINING THE 2017 AGENDA FOR THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION Committee on Agriculture: Full Committee held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Examining the 2017 Agenda for the Commodity Futures Trading Commission’’. Testi-mony was heard from J. Christopher Giancarlo, Chairman, Commodity Futures Trading Commission. EXAMINING HOW COVERED ENTITIES UTILIZE THE 340B DRUG PRICING PROGRAM Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining How Covered Entities Utilize the 340B Drug Pricing Program’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MEMBER DAY: TESTIMONY AND PROPOSALS ON THE OPIOID CRISIS Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Member Day: Testi-mony and Proposals on the Opioid Crisis’’. Testi-mony was heard from Chairman Walden, Chairman Goodlatte, Chairman Brooks of Indiana and Rep-resentatives Pelosi, Pallone, Upton, Latta, Lance, Butterfield, Matsui, Bilirakis, Welch, Bucshon, Mullin, Tonko, Johnson of Ohio, Hudson, Kennedy, Ben Ray Luja´n of New Mexico, Costello, Walberg, Rogers of Kentucky, Turner, Marshall, Stivers, Bustos, Esty, Jeffries, Wenstrup, O’Halleran, Pas-crell, Jenkins of West Virginia, Love, MacArthur, Poliquin, Rouzer, Young of Iowa, Schneider, Crist, Handel, Faso, Katko, Blumenauer, Rochester, Fitzpatrick, Paulsen, Keating, Chu, Donovan, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11OC7.REC D11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1074 October 11, 2017 
Walorski, Rothfus, Hartzler, Carter of Georgia, and Clark of Massachusetts. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Communications and Technology held a markup on a bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to reauthorize appropriations for the Federal Commu-nications Commission, to provide for certain proce-dural changes to the rules of the Commission to maximize opportunities for public participation and efficient decision making, and for other purposes. The bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to reauthorize appropriations for the Federal Com-munications Commission, to provide for certain pro-cedural changes to the rules of the Commission to maximize opportunities for public participation and efficient decision making, and for other purposes, was forwarded to the full Committee, as amended. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee began a markup on H.R. 477, the ‘‘Small Business Merg-ers, Acquisitions, Sales, and Brokerage Simplification Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1116, the ‘‘Taking Account of Institutions with Low Operation Risk Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1585, to amend the Securities Act of 1933 to codify certain qualifications of individuals as accred-ited investors for purposes of the securities laws; H.R. 1645, the ‘‘Fostering Innovation Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1699, the ‘‘Preserving Access to Manufactured Housing Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2121, the ‘‘Pension, Endowment, and Mutual Fund Access to Banking Act’’; H.R. 2148, the ‘‘Clarifying Commercial Real Estate Loans’’; H.R. 2201, the ‘‘Micro Offering Safe Harbor Act’’; H.R. 2396, the ‘‘Privacy Notification Technical Clarification Act’’; H.R. 2706, the ‘‘Finan-cial Institution Customer Protection Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2954, the ‘‘Home Mortgage Disclosure Adjust-ment Act’’; H.R. 3072, the ‘‘Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection Examination and Reporting Threshold Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3299, the ‘‘Protecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3312, the ‘‘Systemic Risk Designation Improvement Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3758, the ‘‘Senior Safe Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3857, the ‘‘Protecting Advice for Small Savers Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3898, the ‘‘Impeding North Korea’s Access to Finance Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3903, the ‘‘Encouraging Public Offerings Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3911, the ‘‘Risk-Based Credit Examina-tion Act’’; H.R. 3948, the ‘‘Protection of Source Code Act’’; H.R. 3971, the ‘‘Community Institution Mortgage Relief Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3972, the ‘‘Family Office Technical Correction Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 3973, the ‘‘Market Data Protection Act of 2017’’. CONFRONTING THE FULL RANGE OF IRANIAN THREATS Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Confronting the Full Range of Ira-nian Threats’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. U.S. POLICY TOWARD LEBANON Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘U.S. Policy Toward Lebanon’’. Testimony was heard from Michael Ratney, Deputy Assistant Sec-retary, Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs, Department of State; and Jeanne Pryor, Acting Deputy Assistant Administrator, Bureau for the Middle East, U.S. Agency for International Development. THE STATE DEPARTMENT AND USAID FY 2018 AFRICA BUDGET Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a hearing entitled ‘‘The State Department and USAID FY 2018 Africa Budget’’. Testimony was heard from Donald Yamamoto, Acting Assistant Secretary, Bureau of African Affairs, Department of State; and Cheryl An-derson, Acting Assistant Administrator, Bureau for Africa, U.S. Agency for International Development. TRANSFORMING GPO FOR THE 21ST CENTURY AND BEYOND: PART 4 Committee on House Administration: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Transforming GPO for the 21st Century and Beyond: Part 4’’. Testimony was heard from Karen Haas, Clerk, House of Representa-tives; Eric Peterson, Specialist in American National Government, Congressional Research Service; Robin Dale, Deputy Director for Library Services, Institute of Museum and Library Services; and a public wit-ness. LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Fed-eral Lands held a hearing on H.R. 219, the ‘‘Swan Lake Hydroelectric Project Boundary Correction Act’’; H.R. 2630, the ‘‘La Paz County Land Convey-ance Act’’; H.R. 3373, to amend the District of Co-lumbia Stadium Act of 1957 to extend for an addi-tional 50 years the lease under which the govern-ment of the District of Columbia uses the ground under and the parking facilities associated with Rob-ert F. Kennedy Memorial Stadium; and H.R. 3607, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to establish fees for medical services provided in units of the Na-tional Park System, and for other purposes. Testi-mony was heard from Representatives Gosar and Young of Alaska; D.L. Wilson, Supervisor and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jan 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD17\OCTOBER\D11OC7.REC D11OC7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1075 October 11, 2017 
Chairman of the Board of Supervisors, La Paz Coun-ty, Arizona; Bob Vogel, Acting Deputy Director for Operations, National Park Service; and public wit-nesses. LEGISLATIVE MEASURE Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on En-ergy and Mineral Resources held a hearing on legis-lation to amend the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act to distribute revenues from oil and gas leasing on the outer Continental Shelf to certain coastal States, and for other purposes. Testimony was heard from Stephen Goldfinch, Senator, District 34, South Carolina; and public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 3990, the ‘‘National Monument Creation and Protection Act’’; H. Res. 555, of in-quiry requesting the President and directing the Sec-retary of the Interior to transmit, respectively, cer-tain documents and other information to the House of Representatives relating to the executive order on the review of designations under the Antiquities Act. H.R. 3990 and H. Res. 555 were ordered reported, as amended. REVIEW OF THE U.S. GOVERNMENT’S ROLE IN PROTECTING INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on National Security held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Review of the U.S. Government’s Role in Pro-tecting International Religious Freedom’’. Testimony was heard from Michael G. Kozak, Senior Advisor, Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights and Labor, Department of State; Kristina Arriaga, Vice Chair, Commission on International Religious Freedom; and public witnesses. SECURITY CLEARANCE INVESTIGATION CHALLENGES AND REFORMS Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Government Operations held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Security Clearance Investigation Chal-lenges and Reforms’’. Testimony was heard from William Evanina, Director, National Counterintel-ligence and Security Center, Office of the Director of National Intelligence; Charles Phalen, Director, Na-tional Background Investigations Bureau, Office of Personnel Management; Garry Reid, Director of De-fense Intelligence, Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence, Department of Defense; and a public witness. NIST’S PHYSICAL SECURITY VULNERABILITIES: A GAO UNDERCOVER REVIEW Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-committee on Oversight; and Subcommittee on Re-search and Technology held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘NIST’s Physical Security Vulnerabilities: A GAO Undercover Review’’. Testimony was heard from Lisa Casias, Deputy Assistant Secretary for Administra-tion, Department of Commerce; Kent Rochford, Acting Director, National Institute of Standards and Technology; and Seto Bagdoyan, Director, Audit Services, Forensic Audits and Investigative Service, Government Accountability Office. EVALUATING THE PAPERWORK REDUCTION ACT PART II: ARE BURDENS BEING REDUCED? Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Evaluating the Paperwork Reduc-tion Act Part II: Are Burdens Being Reduced?’’. Testimony was heard from Steven Fine, Acting As-sistant Administrator, Acting Chief Information Of-ficer, Environmental Protection Agency; Stephen D. Guertin, Deputy Director for Policy, Fish and Wild-life Service; Gundeep Ahluwalia, Chief Information Officer, Department of Labor; and Todd Simpson, Chief Information Officer, Food and Drug Adminis-tration, Department of Health and Human Services. BUILDING A 21ST CENTURY INFRASTRUCTURE FOR AMERICA: HIGHWAYS AND TRANSIT STAKEHOLDERS’ PERSPECTIVES Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sub-committee on Highways and Transit held a hearing entitled ‘‘Building a 21st Century Infrastructure for America: Highways and Transit Stakeholders’ Per-spectives’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Eco-nomic Opportunity held a hearing on H.R. 815, to amend title 38, United States Code, to adjust certain limits on the guaranteed amount of a home loan under the home loan program of the Department of Veterans Affairs; H.R. 3018, the ‘‘Veterans’ Entry to Apprenticeship Act’’; H.R. 3634, the ‘‘SERVE Act of 2017’’; legislation to amend title 38, United States Code, to eliminate the applicability of certain provisions of the Administrative Procedure Act to housing and business loan programs of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs; legislation to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improve-ments to the use of educational assistance provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs for flight 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11OC7.REC D11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1076 October 11, 2017 
training programs; legislation to authorize the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to make grants to eligible organization for the provision of transition assistance to members of the Armed Forces recently separated from active duty service; and legislation to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the des-ignation of State approving agencies for multi-State apprenticeship programs for purposes of the edu-cational assistance programs of the Department of Veterans Affairs. Testimony was heard from Rep-resentatives Rutherford, Himes, McSally, and Khanna; Major General Robert M. Worley II, U.S. Air Force (Ret.), Director, Education Service, Vet-erans Benefit Administration, Department of Vet-erans Affairs; and public witnesses. OPPORTUNITIES TO EXPAND U.S. TRADE RELATIONSHIPS IN THE ASIA-PACIFIC REGION Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘Opportunities to Ex-pand U.S. Trade Relationships in the Asia-Pacific Region’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Department of Energy Missions and Management Priorities’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection, hearing entitled ‘‘21st Century Trade Barriers: Protectionist Cross Border Data Flow Policies Impact on U.S. Jobs’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of Housing in America: Oversight of the Department of Housing and Urban Development’’, 9:30 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Full Committee, continue markup on H.R. 477, the ‘‘Small Business Mergers, Acquisitions, Sales, and Broker-age Simplification Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1116, the ‘‘Taking Account of Institutions with Low Operation Risk Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1585, to amend the Securities Act of 1933 to codify certain qualifications of individuals as accredited investors for purposes of the securities laws; H.R. 1645, the ‘‘Fostering Innovation Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1699, the ‘‘Preserving Access to Manufactured Housing Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2121, the ‘‘Pension, Endowment, and Mu-tual Fund Access to Banking Act’’; H.R. 2148, the ‘‘Clarifying Commercial Real Estate Loans’’; H.R. 2201, the ‘‘Micro Offering Safe Harbor Act’’; H.R. 2396, the ‘‘Privacy Notification Technical Clarification Act’’; H.R. 2706, the ‘‘Financial Institution Customer Protection Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2954, the ‘‘Home Mortgage Disclosure Adjustment Act’’; H.R. 3072, the ‘‘Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection Examination and Reporting Thresh-old Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3299, the ‘‘Protecting Con-sumers’ Access to Credit Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3312, the ‘‘Systemic Risk Designation Improvement Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3758, the ‘‘Senior Safe Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3857, the ‘‘Protecting Advice for Small Savers Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3898, the ‘‘Impeding North Korea’s Access to Fi-nance Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3903, the ‘‘Encouraging Public Offerings Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3911, the ‘‘Risk-Based Credit Examination Act’’; H.R. 3948, the ‘‘Protection of Source Code Act’’; H.R. 3971, the ‘‘Community Institu-tion Mortgage Relief Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3972, the ‘‘Family Office Technical Correction Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 3973, the ‘‘Market Data Protection Act of 2017’’, 1 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 535, the ‘‘Taiwan Travel Act’’; and H.R. 1698, the ‘‘Iran Ballistic Missiles and International Sanctions Enforcement Act’’, 9:30 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Emer-gency Preparedness, Response, and Communications, hearing entitled ‘‘Assessing First Responder Communica-tions’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Subcommittee on Oversight and Management Effi-ciency, hearing entitled ‘‘Empty Threat or Serious Dan-ger: Assessing North Korea’s Risk to the Homeland’’, 2 p.m., HVC–210. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, markup on legislation on the Congressional Subpoena Compliance and Enforcement Act of 2017; H.R. 2228, the ‘‘Law En-forcement Mental Health and Wellness Act of 2017’’; and legislation on the Protecting Access to the Courts for Taxpayers Act, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans, hearing on H.R. 3144, to provide for operations of the Federal Columbia River Power System pursuant to a certain operation plan for a specified period of time, and for other purposes; and H.R. 3916, the ‘‘FISH Act’’, 10 a.m., 1334 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Hearing on the 2020 Census’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Subcommittee on Health and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘Fostering Women’s Entrepreneurial Success’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Investigations, Oversight, and Regu-lations; and Subcommittee on Economic Growth, Tax, and Capital Access, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight Im-provements Needed: SBA OIG’s Review of the Microloan Program’’, 2 p.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 1066, the ‘‘VA Management Alignment Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3122, the ‘‘Veterans Care Financial Protec-tion Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3561, to amend title 38, United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11OC7.REC D11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1077 October 11, 2017 States Code, to permit appraisers approved by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to make appraisals for purposes of chapter 37 of such title based on inspections performed by third parties; H.R. 3562, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish assistance for adaptations of residences of vet-erans in rehabilitation programs under chapter 31 of such title, and for other purposes; H.R. 3656, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a consistent eligi-bility date for provision of Department of Veterans Af-fairs memorial headstones and markers for eligible spouses and dependent children of veterans whose remains are un-available; and H.R. 3657, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide headstones and markers for the graves of spouses and children of veterans who are buried in tribal cemeteries, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. Full Committee, hearing on legislation on the Asset and Infrastructure Review Act of 2017; and H.R. 2773, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to sell Per-shing Hall, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11OC7.REC D11OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1078 October 11, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 8:30 a.m., Friday, October 13 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Thursday, October 12 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Consideration of S. 585—Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick Whistleblower Protection Act of 2017. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E1357 Doyle, Michael F., Pa., E1360 Goodlatte, Bob, Va., E1359 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E1357 Keating, William R., Mass., E1361 Loudermilk, Barry, Ga., E1356 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E1359 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E1358 Meng, Grace, N.Y., E1360 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E1359 Panetta, Jimmy, Calif., E1355, E1358, E1361 Raskin, Jamie, Md., E1356 Renacci, James B., Ohio, E1357 Rice, Tom, S.C., E1355 Richmond, Cedric L., La., E1358 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E1357, E1361 Rouzer, David, N.C., E1359 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E1356 Soto, Darren, Fla., E1355, E1355, E1357, E1358, E1359, E1360, E1361, E1362 Thornberry, Mac, Tex., E1355 Tipton, Scott R., Colo., E1357, E1361 Veasey, Marc A., Tex., E1360 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Oct 12, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D11OC7.REC D11OCPT1