Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Labor of Love Ministries for 35 years of service to the southeast Michigan community and the groundbreaking for its new building in Pittsfield Township. Labor of Love has impacted countless lives through its out-reach and religious service locally and inter-nationally. Originally founded in 1982 in Ann Arbor, Michigan, by a small group of individuals in-cluding Pastor Hawthorne and First Lady Haw-thorne, Labor of Love Ministries has grown substantially to fulfill its mission of offering reli-gious and education services to the commu-nity at large. In addition to holding regular prayer services, Labor of Love provides a vari-ety of additional spiritual, counseling and sup-port services to meet the needs of its con-gregation. These include training programs for those with individuals with a variety of back-grounds, as well as mission trips overseas for members of the church. Additionally, the church organizes charity drives and volunteer efforts to assist those in need in nearby com-munities, and these initiatives have helped provide important aid to less fortunate mem-bers of the congregation and groups in need. Collectively, these efforts by Pastor Hawthorne and others have helped establish Labor of Love as an effective organization that provides important services and support throughout the community. Labor of Love Ministries has provided key spiritual guidance and assistance to its con-gregation and the greater southeast Michigan community. Throughout its 35 years, the church has continued to grow to meet the evolving needs of its members, and its new building will allow it to better serve those in need while fulfilling its mission of spiritual out-reach and education. The growth and develop-ment of Labor of Love Ministries underscores its effectiveness in serving the community, and it is my hope that the church’s new facilities in Pittsfield Township will allow it to strengthen its offerings in the coming years. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Labor of Love Ministries for 35 years of service and religious guidance. The organization has had a significant impact through its religious and charitable initiatives. f 
HONORING FRANCISCA ‘‘CISCA’’ P. TISHER 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 10, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Francisca ‘‘Cisca’’ P. Tisher upon her retirement as a judge on the Superior Court of Napa County in California. She is retiring after more than 20 years of ju-dicial experience and service and has been an active member of our community for many years during her successful career. Born in the Netherlands, Judge Tisher emi-grated with her family at the age of three. She received a Bachelor of Arts degree in econom-ics from the University of California, Davis in 1974. She went on to earn her Juris Doctorate degree in 1980 from the Empire College School of Law in Santa Rosa, California, and was admitted to the California State Bar later that year. Prior to her appointment as a judge, Judge Tisher specialized in family law. She and her husband Tim have three children, so she worked hard to balance her family life and her career. In 1993, she received the Pro Bono Attorney of the Year Award for Napa County. Judge Tisher was appointed to the Napa County Superior Court by California Governor Pete Wilson in 1995, becoming the first female judge on the court. She served as the pre-siding judge from 2006 to 2008. Over her 22 years as a judge, Judge Tisher ruled on many cases on a variety of topics. For Judge Tisher, no case was trivial, and every case mattered and was important to the parties involved. In addition to her work in the judiciary, Judge Tisher has been an active member of the Napa community. She has served on sev-eral boards, including the Napa Valley Domes-tic Violence and Prevention Board and the Napa Valley Activity Center Board. Judge Tisher is a compassionate and determined in-dividual, and she has made a tremendous im-pact on Napa County. Mr. Speaker, Francisca ‘‘Cisca’’ P. Tisher has led a long career in our community’s judi-cial system. She is an active member of our community. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor her here today and extend our best wishes for an enjoyable retirement. f 
HONORING THE BIRTHDAY OF HIS HOLINESS THE XIV DALAI LAMA 
HON. SALUD O. CARBAJAL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 10, 2017 Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to celebrate the 82nd birthday of His Holiness the XIV Dalai Lama, Tenzin Gyatsu. Born on July 6th, 1935 to a farming family in North-eastern Tibet, His Holiness was recognized as the reincarnation of the previous Dalai Lama at the age of two. Unlike previous Dalai Lamas, His Holiness has visited the west many times to speak with religious and political leaders on the impor-tance of understanding and respect among faiths. His efforts toward peace and universal values of tolerance and compassion earned him the Nobel Peace Prize in 1989. My district has had the honor of hosting His Holiness four times to speak at my Alma Mater, the University of California, Santa Bar-bara. The University has now established a Ti-betan Studies endowment in his honor, the XIV Dalai Lama Endowed Chair in Tibetan Buddhism and Cultural Studies. His Holiness the Dalai Lama’s commitment to preserving Tibetan culture, and his teach-ings which promote respect for human rights and non-violent solutions are invaluable les-sons for the world. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to join with the global religious community in wishing the XIVth Dalai Lama a very happy birthday. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:15 Jul 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10JY8.001 E10JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE948 July 10, 2017 
HONORING THE LIFE OF LORAIN CITY COUNCILMAN EDDIE C. EDWARDS 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 10, 2017 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and pay tribute to the life of a respected public official and very dear friend, Lorain City Councilman Eddie C. Edwards. He passed away peacefully on June 27, 2017, after cou-rageously battling illness over the last several years. Please let me offer the deepest condo-lences of our entire citizenry to his son Greg-ory Edwards, daughter Darnisha Hunter and the countless friends and family whose lives he touched. A true public servant in the every sense, Eddie dedicated his life not only to making government work better for the people he served, but by striving to make the lives of all people, better. Eddie began his career in politics in 1996, first elected to represent South Lorain’s Fifth Ward. Throughout his eighteen years of serv-ice on City Council, Eddie fought hard for his community—making his neighborhood safer, parks cleaner, improving education in schools and working toward enhancing and growing small businesses. While Councilman Edward’s service to the City of Lorain will forever be remembered, Ed-die’s contributions to the Lorain community started decades earlier. Born and raised in the small town of Dyersberg, Tennessee, Eddie moved to Lorain when he was 20 years old, with less than 13 dollars in his pocket, seeking a better life. He immediately enrolled in school studying busi-ness and construction management, which jumpstarted a new life of helping build Lorain forward. Eddie, who was the owner-operator of Edwards Trucking & Excavating for more than two decades, understood the role small busi-nesses play in driving healthy local econo-mies. Moreover, Eddie knew the value of mi-nority owned small businesses. As a founding member of the Lorain County Minority Con-tractors Association and Executive Board Member of the Minority Trucking and Trans-portation Association—Eddie paved the way for countless entrepreneurs to use their skills, grow our local economy and improve our com-munity. His friends, family and colleagues re-call his passion and willingness to stand up and speak his mind, always working toward equal rights and fighting for those left behind. During the rise of the civil rights movement, Eddie was a founding member of the Com-mittee for Positive Change in the Black Com-munity and was the past president of the Lo-rain NAACP. And as an ordained Baptist Dea-con, Eddie was a true champion and relent-less advocate for African Americans and all those in need throughout our community. A man of strong faith, Eddie worked each day fighting for those less fortunate. I myself recall a time when Eddie and I joined the Full Gospel Ministries and Pathways Enrichment Center in Lorain, planting a community garden as part of a community driven effort to produce fresh fruits and vegetables for the local food pantry. As an African American, there is no ques-tion Councilman and businessman Edwards wrote a new chapter in the history of Lorain. As a man and leader in the community, the successes and struggles of Eddie’s generous life represent a beacon for generations to fol-low. Last year, The Smithsonian opened the only national museum solely dedicated to recording and underscoring African Americans’ many contributions in art, history, culture and life. I would like to submit this Congressional Record to the National Museum of African American History and Culture on behalf Ed-die’s family to hallmark the life and lasting contributions of a true public servant. Today, my thoughts and prayers are with the entire Edwards family. Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me in honoring Eddie C. Edwards, a loyal friend, a defender of democracy, a true public servant, a dedicated father, a loving husband and a courageous man. 
f 
HONORING CARMELA SANDOVAL AND MARIA SANCHEZ, RECIPI-ENTS OF THE AMERICAN DREAM AWARD 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 10, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor sisters, Ms. Carmela Sandoval and Ms. Maria Sanchez, whom I have selected to receive the American Dream Award for California’s 5th Congressional Dis-trict. This award recognizes the achievements of immigrants in my district who have made remarkable contributions to our communities in the areas of Arts and Culture, Professional Achievement, Entrepreneurship and Innova-tion, or Community Service. Ms. Sandoval and Ms. Sanchez are very deserving of this award and recognition. Ms. Sandoval and Ms. Sanchez are daugh-ters of Mexican immigrants to the United States. Together they own and manage Bere’s Bridal and Christening Wear in Vallejo, Cali-fornia. They are both successful and inspiring community leaders. Prior to moving to Vallejo, Ms. Sandoval and Ms. Sanchez grew up and attended school in Los Angeles. Though she loved school, Maria had to withdraw to begin work-ing to support her family. Their diligence, per-severance and sacrifice for their family at such a young age embodies the ideals of the Amer-ican dream and foreshadows their future roles as dedicated community leaders in Vallejo, California. Carmela and Maria volunteer regularly for Vallejo Together, a nonprofit in our community that provides resources to homeless individ-uals. They also volunteer for Centro Latino, an organization that advocates for Latino youth in Vallejo. Every year, the sisters organize a holi-day ‘‘posada’’ for underserved children, which includes a gift drive and a hot meal for all the youth in attendance. While Carmela and Maria are ambitious leaders, they remain humble and willing to lend a helping hand. Both sisters take pride in being loving parents, and, for Maria, being a grandparent as well. Mr. Speaker, we recognize Ms. Carmela Sandoval and Ms. Maria Sanchez for their achievements and for enriching our commu-nity. It is fitting and proper that we honor them here today with the American Dream Award. TRUMP’S VOTER FRAUD COMMIS-SION IS A FRAUD AND SHOULD BE DISBANDED NOW HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 10, 2017 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, unable to cope with the brutal fact that he lost the pop-ular vote to Hillary Clinton by 2.9 million votes, the largest vote deficit of any president in American history, Donald Trump tweeted that he would have won the popular vote but for ‘‘millions of people who voted illegally.’’ Instead of producing any credible evidence to support this claim, a hoax that has been re-peatedly and decisively debunked by experts, the President doubled down and issued an Executive Order establishing the ‘‘Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity’’ (PACEI), appointing Kris Kobach, anti-immi-gration warrior and poster-child for voter fraud conspiratorialists everywhere, to lead the Commission. It would be more accurate to characterize the PACEI as the ‘‘Presidential Advisory Com-mission on Voter Suppression.’’ Voter sup-pression is real but the oft-repeated claim that American elections are rife with voter fraud is a myth. According to a comprehensive 2014 study published in The Washington Post, out of more than a billion votes cast between 2000 and 2014, only 31 credible instances of imper-sonation fraud were found, and even this tiny number was likely inflated because the study’s author counted not just voter fraud prosecu-tions or convictions but all credible claims. Nu-merous other reports have reached the same conclusion. Any lingering doubt regarding the true pur-pose of the PACEI should be laid to rest by the request made by Commissioner Kobach on June 28, 2017 when he wrote each of the nation’s state secretaries of state requesting that they provide the Commission with ‘‘the full first and last names of all registrants, middle names or initials if available, addresses, dates of birth, political party (if recorded in your state), last four digits of social security number if available, voter history (elections voted in) from 2006 onward, active/inactive status, can-celled status, information regarding any felony convictions, information regarding voter reg-istration in another state, information regarding military status, and overseas citizen informa-tion.’’ The information requested by the Commis-sion will not prevent voter fraud. It will violate rather than protect voter privacy. And it will make it easier to craft legislation and devise campaign strategies intended to suppress the vote in urban clusters and among targeted demographic groups, particu-larly minority voters. It is important that all voters, and the people of the 18th Congressional District of Texas whom I am privileged to represent, be fully protected. While supplying only public voter information may seem secure, the sad fact is that it is not. There is no publicly accessible database of voter registration information in any of the 50 states or the District of Columbia. That is because information of this kind is protected from public disclosure under the set-tled principle of ‘‘collective privacy’’ recognized 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:15 Jul 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10JY8.005 E10JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE949 July 10, 2017 
by the Supreme Court in the landmark deci-sion of NAACP v. Alabama, 377 U.S. 288, 84 S. Ct. 1302, 12 L. Ed. 2d 325 (1964), which held that compelled disclosure of affiliation with groups engaged in advocacy may con-stitute an impermissible chilling effect on the freedom of association guaranteed by the First Amendment, a holding that has been affirmed repeatedly. Accordingly, neither Texas nor any state can, consistent with the U.S. Constitution, sup-ply the voter information requested by the PACEI. Indeed, if the information sought was as public in nature as PACEI contends, there simply would be no need for it to request the information from state governments. Trump’s voter suppression commission is a solution in search of a problem. Contrary to what Trump and Kobach would have the public believe, American elections are not rife with widespread voter fraud. Stud-ies have shown that it is more likely an Amer-ican ‘‘will be struck by lightning than that he will impersonate another voter at the polls.’’ No, the major ill affecting our election sys-tem is not that too many people vote due to voter fraud, but that too many people are pre-vented from voting due to vote suppression schemes such as discriminatory photo identi-fication requirements, curtailment of early vot-ing, too few polling stations leading to long lines and excessive wait times, purging of election rolls. Even in the wholly unimaginable event that the commission created by Donald Trump and led by Kris Kobach could be trusted enough for states to cooperate by sharing their voter data, there is no reasonable basis for assum-ing that information would be kept secure and the privacy of voters protected. Recent cyberattacks have made clear the vulnerability of large central databases to cyberattack. An information security breach at the Department of Veterans Affairs com-promised sensitive personal data of 26.5 mil-lion persons and cost the VA between $100 million to $500 million to remediate; another occurring at the Office of Personnel Manage-ment impacted 22 million current and former federal employees, many of whom held sen-sitive security clearances; and the attack on Yahoo, the mother of all security breaches, re-sulted in 1.5 billion user accounts being com-promised. Because large centralized databases are targets of opportunities for criminals, terrorists, and foreign adversaries, it would be the height of recklessness for Texas or any state to pro-vide the PACEI with personal information of millions of persons via unsecured email ad-dress to be stored in undersecured databases on undersecured servers. One of the biggest strengths of the Amer-ican election system is its decentralized na-ture. Aggregating all voter data into one central-ized database with questionable security pro-tections makes that data highly vulnerable to a cyberattack that could lead to the personal information of hundreds of millions of Ameri-cans being stolen and misused. Voter privacy and the integrity of the secret ballot are integral to American democracy. Voter privacy rights should and must be pro-tected. This is especially true since we are now cer-tain that adversaries like Russia are actively involved in cyberwarfare campaigns to under-mine our democracy. There is no denying that our election system is under assault, but not in the way Trump imagines. Instead of wasting taxpayer money to fund an investigation into voter fraud, which is as mythical as a unicorn, American democracy would be better served by focusing on and correcting the real problem with our elec-tions—voter suppression and external, illegal, and international interference in our national elections. I am not opposed to employing reasonable, legitimate, and workable means to safeguard the integrity of our electoral system and to protect the precious right to vote. But Trump’s Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity is incapable of doing either and thus should be disbanded and dissolved imme-diately. 
f 
HONORING THE HARRIET TUBMAN FREEDOM MUSIC FESTIVAL 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 10, 2017 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the second annual Harriet Tubman Freedom Music Festival in Auburn, New York. Auburn is a place that Harriet Tubman once called home, and our community is proud to preserve and highlight her extraordinary life’s work. This concert pays tribute to Harriet Tub-man’s remarkable legacy through music. The Harriet Tubman Freedom Music Fes-tival’s creator, Sean McLeod, is an Auburn na-tive and descendant of a slave rescued by Harriet Tubman. McLeod is a member of the Thompson AME Zion Church and has devoted much of his life to the Harriet Tubman Home, now a National Historic Park. McLeod estab-lished the Harriet Tubman Freedom Music Festival to develop both a local and global im-pact through partnerships with a variety of businesses and nonprofits. McLeod also com-posed ‘‘A Soundtrack for Harriet Tubman,’’ which will be featured at this year’s Music Festival. This celebration is a fitting tribute to a woman who escaped slavery and devoted her life to advancing the freedom and equality of African Americans and the rights of women. I am honored to recognize the Harriet Tubman Freedom Music Festival and I wish it contin-ued success in the years to come. 
f 
HONORING AMELIA MORA´N CEJA, RECIPIENT OF THE AMERICAN DREAM AWARD 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 10, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ms. Amelia Ceja, whom I have selected to receive the American Dream Award for California’s 5th Congres-sional District. This award recognizes the achievements of immigrants in my district who have made remarkable contributions to our communities in the areas of Arts and Culture, Professional Achievement, Entrepreneurship and Innovation, or Community Service. Ms. Ceja is very deserving of this award and rec-ognition. Ms. Ceja was born in Las Flores, Jalisco, an agricultural village in Mexico, and immigrated to the United States at the age of 12. She is a successful businessperson and an important member of our community. Ms. Ceja moved with her family to the Napa Valley American Viticulture Area in California as a child. Her parents worked for a local vineyard management company, her father as a mechanic and her mother as a farm worker. She met her husband, Pedro Ceja, while pick-ing grapes with their families. In 1983, the Ceja family came together to purchase 15 acres and to plant their own grapes. The fam-ily later founded Ceja Vineyards, Inc. in 1999. Today they own 113 producing acres. Ms. Ceja is the first Mexican American woman to be the president of a California winery. Her vineyard and winery are famous for their qual-ity grape harvests and production of premium Carneros wines. Ms. Ceja cares deeply about the family business and employees. She is dedicated to producing the highest quality of wine. The California Legislature recognized her contribu-tions to the community on March 15, 2005 by naming her ‘‘Woman of the Year.’’ Ms. Ceja’s story is one of sacrifice and determination. Stories like hers make America great. Mr. Speaker, we recognize Ms. Amelia Mora´n Ceja for her achievements and for en-riching our community. It is fitting and proper that we honor her here today with the Amer-ican Dream Award. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF REV. JIM HOLLEY FOR HIS CAREER AS A PASTOR AND COMMUNITY ACTIV-IST 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 10, 2017 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Rev. Jim Holley of the Historic Little Rock Missionary Baptist Church. For 45 years, Rev. Holley has been a tireless advocate on behalf of Detroit as a faith leader and commu-nity activist. After receiving theological training at the Chicago Theological Seminary, Rev. Holley began his career as a pastor at the Little Rock Baptist Church in Detroit, Michigan. During his time with the church, Rev. Holley has distin-guished himself as a key member of the great-er Detroit community who understands the spiritual needs and concerns of the city and its residents. His service in church leadership roles, including President of the Council of the Baptist Pastors, speaks to his dedication to the congregation and the well-being of the city at large. Rev. Holley has also been involved in the business community, working with local real estate organizations and founding an ad-vertising agency to empower Detroit’s resi-dents and create jobs. In addition to these du-ties, Rev. Holley also served as the City of Detroit’s Director of Community and Civic Af-fairs during Mayor Duggan’s administration, where he was a liaison between the mayor’s office and the Detroit community at large. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:15 Jul 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10JY8.007 E10JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE950 July 10, 2017 
Rev. Holley has played a critical role in helping to create a vibrant Detroit through his work as a pastor, businessman, and public of-ficial. As a result of his work with city leaders and stakeholders, the city has been able to address the needs of its residents through its blight reduction and jobs programs. Addition-ally, Rev. Holley’s deep relationships in the community and firsthand knowledge of De-troit’s needs have been key to helping drive action to address issues facing the city. He has been a true leader both in the church and the community, and it is my hope that the City of Detroit continues to build on his work in the coming years. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Rev. Jim Holley for his outstanding efforts on behalf of Detroit. Rev. Holley has been a dedicated leader in the city while advo-cating for economic development and em-powerment of its residents. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, July 11, 2017 may be found in the Daily Di-gest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
JULY 12 9:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of the Inte-rior, Environment, and Related Agen-cies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the Indian Health Service, Department of Health and Human Services. SD–124 Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of David Joel Trachtenberg, of Virginia, to be a Principal Deputy Under Secretary, Owen West, of Con-necticut, to be an Assistant Secretary, Ryan McCarthy, of Illinois, to be Under Secretary of the Army, and Charles Douglas Stimson, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Department of the Navy, all of the Department of De-fense. SD–G50 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Christopher A. Wray, of Geor-gia, to be Director of the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation, Department of Justice. SD–226 Special Committee on Aging To hold hearings to examine nourishing our golden years, focusing on how prop-er and adequate nutrition promote healthy aging and positive outcomes. SD–562 9:45 a.m. Committee on Environment and Public Works Business meeting to consider S. 822, to amend the Comprehensive Environ-mental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 to modify provi-sions relating to grants, S. 1447, to re-authorize the diesel emissions reduc-tion program, S. 1359, to amend the John F. Kennedy Center Act to author-ize appropriations for the John F. Ken-nedy Center for the Performing Arts, S. 810, to facilitate construction of a bridge on certain property in Christian County, Missouri, S. 1395, to revise the boundaries of certain John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources System units in Delaware, General Services Administration resolutions, and the nominations of Annie Caputo, of Vir-ginia, and David Wright, of South Carolina, each to be a Member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, and Susan Parker Bodine, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine the use of the Transpor-tation Infrastructure Finance and In-novation Act and innovative financing in improving infrastructure to enhance safety, mobility, and economic oppor-tunity. SD–406 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine force multi-pliers, focusing on how transportation and supply chain stakeholders are com-bating human trafficking. SR–253 Committee on Foreign Relations Business meeting to consider the nomi-nation of Mark Andrew Green, of Wis-consin, to be Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, and routine lists in the Foreign Service; to be immediately fol-lowed by a hearing to examine the Tay-lor Force Act. SD–419 Joint Economic Committee To hold hearings to examine a record six million United States job vacancies, fo-cusing on reasons and remedies. RHOB–2020 2:15 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy To hold hearings to examine American leadership in the Asia Pacific, focusing on promoting democracy, human rights, and the rule of law. SD–419 2:30 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Business meeting to markup an original bill entitled, ‘‘Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018’’. SD–124 Committee on Indian Affairs To hold hearings to examine S. 943, to di-rect the Secretary of the Interior to conduct an accurate comprehensive student count for the purposes of cal-culating formula allocations for pro-grams under the Johnson-O’Malley Act, S. 1223, to repeal the Klamath Tribe Judgment Fund Act, and S. 1285, to allow the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indi-ans, the Confederated Tribes of the Grand Ronde Community of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes of Siletz Indi-ans of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes of Warm Springs, and the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of Indians to lease or transfer certain lands. SD–628 Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Border Security and Im-migration To hold hearings to examine the problem of visa overstays, focusing on a need for better tracking and accountability. SD–226 JULY 13 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the at-tempted coup in Montenegro and ma-lign Russian influence in Europe. SD–G50 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the 2017 Trafficking in Persons Report. SD–419 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Patrick Pizzella, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of Labor, and Marvin Kaplan, of Kansas, and William J. Emanuel, of California, both to be a Member of the National Labor Rela-tions Board. SD–430 10 a.m. Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry To hold hearings to examine opportuni-ties in global and local markets, spe-cialty crops, and organics, focusing on perspectives for the 2018 Farm Bill. SR–328A Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine the Semi-annual Monetary Policy Report to the Congress. SD–538 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Space, Science, and Competitiveness To hold hearings to examine reopening the American frontier, focusing on pro-moting partnerships between commer-cial space and the United States gov-ernment to advance exploration and settlement. SR–253 Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider the nomi-nations of John Kenneth Bush, of Ken-tucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit, Kevin Christopher Newsom, of Alabama, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit, and Damien Michael Schiff, of California, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims. SD–226 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:15 Jul 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JY8.010 E10JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE951 July 10, 2017 
10:15 a.m. Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Kevin K. McAleenan, of Hawaii, to be Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Security. SD–215 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Business meeting to markup an original bill entitled, ‘‘Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018’’. SD–106 2 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Transportation. SD–192 Select Committee on Intelligence To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters. SH–219 3:30 p.m. Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe To receive a briefing on energy insecu-rity in Russia’s periphery. SD–G11 
POSTPONEMENTS 
JULY 12 10 a.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine managing security sector assistance to support foreign policy. SD–419 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:15 Jul 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M10JY8.000 E10JYPT1
D735 Monday, July 10, 2017 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
See Re´sume´of Congressional Activity. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S3873–S3888 Measures Introduced: Six bills and one resolution were introduced, as follows: S. 1518–1523, and S. Res. 216.
                                                                        Page S3885 
Measures Reported: S. 123, to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require multi-line telephone systems to have a default configuration that permits users to directly initiate a call to 9–1–1 without dialing any addi-tional digit, code, prefix, or post-fix. (S. Rept. No. 115–124) S. 1519, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year. (S. Rept. No. 115–125) S. 1024, to amend title 38, United States Code, to reform the rights and processes relating to appeals of decisions regarding claims for benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–126)
                 Pages S3884–85 
Appointments: Advisory Committee on the Records of Congress: The Chair announced, on behalf of the Democratic Leader, pursuant to Public Law 101–509, the ap-pointment of the following individual to serve as a member of the Advisory Committee on the Records of Congress: Carol A. Mandel of New York. 
                                                                                            Page S3887 
Nye Nomination—Agreement: Senate resumed consideration of the nomination of David C. Nye, of Idaho, to be United States District Judge for the District of Idaho.
                                                       Page S3880 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By a unanimous vote of 97 yeas (Vote No. 157), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.                                           Pages S3879–80 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination, post-cloture, at approximately 2:15 p.m., on Tues-day, July 11, 2017; and that all time during morn-ing business, recess, adjournment, and Leader re-marks count post-cloture on the nomination. 
                                                                                            Page S3887 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: By 54 yeas to 41 nays (Vote No. EX. 156), Neomi Rao, of the District of Columbia, to be Ad-ministrator of the Office of Information and Regu-latory Affairs, Office of Management and Budget. 
                                                                                            Page S3879 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S3884 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S3884 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S3885–86 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S3886–87 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S3883–84 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—157)
                                    Pages S3879 and S3879–80 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-journed at 6:39 p.m., until 2:15 p.m. on Tuesday, July 11, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S3887.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Jul 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10JY7.REC D10JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD736 July 10, 2017 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 6 public bills, H.R. 3169–3174 were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H5390–91 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H5391 
Report Filed: A report was filed on July 6, 2017 as follows: H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–200). Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Simpson to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H5389 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Gary Studniewski, St. Peter’s Catholic Church, Washington, DC.
                 Page H5389 
Women’s Suffrage Centennial Commission—Ap-pointment: Read a letter from Representative Pelosi, Minority Leader, in which she appointed the following individuals from private life to serve as Commissioners to the Women’s Suffrage Centennial Commission: Ms. Nicola Miner of San Francisco, California and Ms. Jennifer Siebel Newsom of San Francisco, California.
                                                Page H5389 
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no Yea and Nay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 10:02 a.m. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D729) 
H.R. 1238, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make the Assistant Secretary of Home-land Security for Health Affairs responsible for co-ordinating the efforts of the Department of Home-land Security related to food, agriculture, and veteri-nary defense against terrorism. Signed on June 30, 2017. (Public Law 115–43) f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, JULY 11, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Richard V. Spencer, of Wyoming, to be Secretary of the Navy, Department of Defense, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine the nominations of David Steele Bohigian, of Mis-souri, to be Executive Vice President of the Overseas Pri-vate Investment Corporation, Ray Washburne, of Texas, to be President of the Overseas Private Investment Cor-poration, and Kelley Eckels Currie, of Georgia, to be an Alternate Representative of the United States of America to the Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Nations, during her tenure of service as Representative of the United States of America on the Economic and Social Council of the United Nations, and to be Representative of the United States of America on the Economic and So-cial Council of the United Nations, with the rank of Am-bassador, and Jay Patrick Murray, of Virginia, to be an Alternate Representative of the United States of America to the Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Nations, during his tenure of service as Alternate Rep-resentative of the United States of America for Special Political Affairs in the United Nations, both of the De-partment of State, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: business meeting to consider the nominations of Claire M. Grady, of Pennsylvania, to be Under Secretary for Management, Department of Homeland Security, and Henry Kerner, of California, to be Special Counsel, Office of Special Counsel; to be immediately followed by a hear-ing to examine the nominations of David James Glawe, of Iowa, to be Under Secretary for Intelligence and Anal-ysis, and David P. Pekoske, of Maryland, to be an Assist-ant Secretary, both of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Judiciary: Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism, to hold hearings to examine concurrent Con-gressional and criminal investigations, focusing on lessons from history, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: to hold hearings to exam-ine S. 115, to amend title 38, United States Code, to au-thorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide for an operation on a live donor for purposes of conducting a transplant procedure for a veteran, S. 426, to increase educational assistance provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs for education and training of physician assistants of the Department, to establish pay grades and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Jul 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10JY7.REC D10JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D737 July 10, 2017 require competitive pay for physician assistants of the De-partment, S. 683, to amend title 38, United States Code, to extend the requirement to provide nursing home care to certain veterans with service-connected disabilities, S. 833, to amend title 38, United States Code, to expand health care and benefits from the Department of Veterans Affairs for military sexual trauma, S. 946, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to hire additional Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists to provide treatment court services to justice-involved veterans, S. 1153, to prohibit or suspend certain health care providers from providing non-Department of Veterans Affairs health care services to veterans, S. 1261, to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to pay the rea-sonable costs of urgent care provided to certain veterans, to establish cost-sharing amounts for veterans receiving care at an emergency room of the Department of Veterans Affairs, S. 1266, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into contracts with nonprofit organiza-tions to investigate medical centers of the Department of Veterans Affairs, S. 1279, to amend title 38, United States Code, to furnish health care from the Department of Veterans Affairs through the use of non-Department health care providers, S. 1325, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the authorities of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to hire, recruit, and train employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘The Department of Veterans Affairs Qual-ity Employment Act of 2017’’, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. Select Committee on Intelligence: closed business meeting to consider pending intelligence matters; to be imme-diately followed by a closed briefing on certain intel-ligence matters, 2:15 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Transpor-tation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, markup on the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Bill, FY 2018, 7 p.m., 2358–A Rayburn. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 2810, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018’’; and H.R. 23, the ‘‘Gaining Responsibility on Water Act of 2017’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of July 11 through July 14, 2017 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, Senate will continue consideration of the nomination of David C. Nye, of Idaho, to be United States District Judge for the District of Idaho, post-cloture. Upon disposition of the nomination of David C. Nye, of Idaho, to be United States District Judge for the District of Idaho, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of William Francis Hagerty IV, of Tennessee, to be Ambassador to Japan. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees (Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: July 13, to hold hearings to examine opportunities in global and local markets, specialty crops, and organics, focusing on perspectives for the 2018 Farm Bill, 10 a.m., SR–328A. Committee on Appropriations: July 12, Subcommittee on Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the In-dian Health Service, Department of Health and Human Services, 9:30 a.m., SD–124. July 12, Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, business meeting to markup an original bill entitled, ‘‘Military Construc-tion, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Act, 2018’’, 2:30 p.m., SD–124. July 13, Full Committee, business meeting to markup an original bill entitled, ‘‘Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018’’, 10:30 a.m., SD–106. July 13, Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and jus-tification for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Transportation, 2 p.m., SD–192. Committee on Armed Services: July 11, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Richard V. Spencer, of Wyoming, to be Secretary of the Navy, Department of Defense, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. July 12, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of David Joel Trachtenberg, of Virginia, to be a Principal Deputy Under Secretary, Owen West, of Connecticut, to be an Assistant Secretary, Ryan McCar-thy, of Illinois, to be Under Secretary of the Army, and Charles Douglas Stimson, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Department of the Navy, all of the De-partment of Defense, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. July 13, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the attempted coup in Montenegro and malign Russian influence in Europe, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: July 13, to hold hearings to examine the Semiannual Monetary Policy Report to the Congress, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: July 12, to hold hearings to examine force multipliers, focus-ing on how transportation and supply chain stakeholders are combating human trafficking, 10 a.m., SR–253. July 13, Subcommittee on Space, Science, and Com-petitiveness, to hold hearings to examine reopening the American frontier, focusing on promoting partnerships between commercial space and the United States govern-ment to advance exploration and settlement, 10 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Environment and Public Works: July 12, business meeting to consider S. 822, to amend the Com-prehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 to modify provisions relating to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Jul 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10JY7.REC D10JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD738 July 10, 2017 grants, S. 1447, to reauthorize the diesel emissions reduc-tion program, S. 1359, to amend the John F. Kennedy Center Act to authorize appropriations for the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, S. 810, to fa-cilitate construction of a bridge on certain property in Christian County, Missouri, S. 1395, to revise the bound-aries of certain John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources System units in Delaware, General Services Administra-tion resolutions, and the nominations of Annie Caputo, of Virginia, and David Wright, of South Carolina, each to be a Member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, and Susan Parker Bodine, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Protection Agency; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine the use of the Transportation Infrastructure Finance and Innova-tion Act and innovative financing in improving infra-structure to enhance safety, mobility, and economic op-portunity, 9:45 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: July 13, to hold hearings to ex-amine the nomination of Kevin K. McAleenan, of Ha-waii, to be Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Security, 10:15 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: July 11, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of David Steele Bohigian, of Missouri, to be Executive Vice President of the Overseas Private Investment Corporation, Ray Washburne, of Texas, to be President of the Overseas Private Investment Corporation, and Kelley Eckels Currie, of Georgia, to be an Alternate Representative of the United States of Amer-ica to the Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Nations, during her tenure of service as Representative of the United States of America on the Economic and Social Council of the United Nations, and to be Representative of the United States of America on the Economic and So-cial Council of the United Nations, with the rank of Am-bassador, and Jay Patrick Murray, of Virginia, to be an Alternate Representative of the United States of America to the Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Nations, during his tenure of service as Alternate Rep-resentative of the United States of America for Special Political Affairs in the United Nations, both of the De-partment of State, 10 a.m., SD–419. July 12, Full Committee, business meeting to consider the nomination of Mark Andrew Green, of Wisconsin, to be Administrator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development, and routine lists in the Foreign Service; to be immediately followed by a hearing to ex-amine the Taylor Force Act, 10 a.m., SD–419. July 12, Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy, to hold hearings to ex-amine American leadership in the Asia Pacific, focusing on promoting democracy, human rights, and the rule of law, 2:15 p.m., SD–419. July 13, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the 2017 Trafficking in Persons Report, 9:30 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: July 13, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Pat-rick Pizzella, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of Labor, and Marvin Kaplan, of Kansas, and William J. Emanuel, of California, both to be a Member of the Na-tional Labor Relations Board, 9:30 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: July 11, business meeting to consider the nominations of Claire M. Grady, of Pennsylvania, to be Under Secretary for Management, Department of Homeland Security, and Henry Kerner, of California, to be Special Counsel, Office of Special Counsel; to be immediately followed by a hear-ing to examine the nominations of David James Glawe, of Iowa, to be Under Secretary for Intelligence and Anal-ysis, and David P. Pekoske, of Maryland, to be an Assist-ant Secretary, both of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: July 12, to hold hearings to examine S. 943, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct an accurate comprehensive student count for the purposes of calculating formula allocations for pro-grams under the Johnson-O’Malley Act, S. 1223, to re-peal the Klamath Tribe Judgment Fund Act, and S. 1285, to allow the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians, the Confederated Tribes of the Grand Ronde Community of Oregon, the Confed-erated Tribes of Siletz Indians of Oregon, the Confed-erated Tribes of Warm Springs, and the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of Indians to lease or transfer certain lands, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. Committee on Judiciary: July 11, Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism, to hold hearings to examine concurrent Congressional and criminal investigations, focusing on lessons from history, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. July 12, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Christopher A. Wray, of Georgia, to be Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, De-partment of Justice, 9:30 a.m., SD–226. July 12, Subcommittee on Border Security and Immi-gration, to hold hearings to examine the problem of visa overstays, focusing on a need for better tracking and ac-countability, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. July 13, Full Committee, business meeting to consider the nominations of John Kenneth Bush, of Kentucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit, Kevin Christopher Newsom, of Alabama, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit, and Damien Michael Schiff, of California, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims, 10 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: July 11, to hold hearings to examine S. 115, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide for an operation on a live donor for purposes of conducting a transplant procedure for a veteran, S. 426, to increase educational assistance provided by the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for education and training of physician assistants of the Department, to establish pay grades and require competitive pay for physician assist-ants of the Department, S. 683, to amend title 38, United States Code, to extend the requirement to provide nursing home care to certain veterans with service-con-nected disabilities, S. 833, to amend title 38, United States Code, to expand health care and benefits from the Department of Veterans Affairs for military sexual trau-ma, S. 946, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Jul 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10JY7.REC D10JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D739 July 10, 2017 to hire additional Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists to provide treatment court services to justice-involved vet-erans, S. 1153, to prohibit or suspend certain health care providers from providing non-Department of Veterans Af-fairs health care services to veterans, S. 1261, to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to pay the reasonable costs of urgent care provided to certain veterans, to establish cost-sharing amounts for veterans receiving care at an emergency room of the Department of Veterans Affairs, S. 1266, to au-thorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into con-tracts with nonprofit organizations to investigate medical centers of the Department of Veterans Affairs, S. 1279, to amend title 38, United States Code, to furnish health care from the Department of Veterans Affairs through the use of non-Department health care providers, S. 1325, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the au-thorities of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to hire, re-cruit, and train employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘The Department of Veterans Affairs Quality Employment Act of 2017’’, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. Select Committee on Intelligence: July 11, closed business meeting to consider pending intelligence matters; to be immediately followed by a closed briefing on certain in-telligence matters, 2:15 p.m., SH–219. July 13, Full Committee, to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. Special Committee on Aging: July 12, to hold hearings to examine nourishing our golden years, focusing on how proper and adequate nutrition promote healthy aging and positive outcomes, 9:30 a.m., SD–562. 
House Committees 
Committee on Agriculture, July 12, Full Committee, hear-ing entitled ‘‘The Next Farm Bill: Technology and Inno-vation in Specialty Crops’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. July 13, Subcommittee on General Farm Commodities and Risk Management, hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of Farming: Technological Innovations, Opportunities, and Challenges for Producers’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Appropriations, July 12, Full Committee, markup on the Agriculture Appropriations Bill, FY 2018; and the Energy and Water Appropriations Bill, FY 2018, 10:30 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. July 12, Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, markup on the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill, FY 2018, 3 p.m., 2007 Rayburn. July 12, Subcommittee on Homeland Security, markup on the Homeland Security Appropriations Bill, FY 2018, 4:30 p.m., 2008 Rayburn. July 13, Full Committee, markup on the Commerce, Justice, Science Appropriations Bill, FY 2018; the Finan-cial Services and General Government Appropriations Bill, FY 2018; and the Report on the Revised Interim Suballocation of the Budget Allocations, FY 2018, 10 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. July 13, Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs, markup on the State, Foreign Op-erations, and Related Programs Appropriations Bill, FY 2018, 3 p.m., 2362–A Rayburn. July 13, Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies, markup on the Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Bill, FY 2018, 4:30 p.m., 2358–C Rayburn. Committee on Education and the Workforce, July 12, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Redefining Joint Employer Standards: Barriers to Job Creation and Entrepreneur-ship’’, 10:15 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. July 13, Subcommittee on Early Childhood, Elemen-tary, and Secondary Education, hearing entitled ‘‘Oppor-tunities for State Leadership of Early Childhood Pro-grams’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, July 12, Sub-committee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Combating the Opioid Crisis: Battles in the States’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. July 12, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Medical Product Manufacturer Communica-tions’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, July 12, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Semi-Annual Testimony on the Federal Reserve’s Supervision and Regulation of the Financial Sys-tem’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. July 12, Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Legislative Proposals to Provide Targeted Regulatory Relief to Com-munity Financial Institutions’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. July 13, Subcommittee on Capital Markets, Securities, and Investment, hearing entitled ‘‘Impact of the DOL Fi-duciary Rule on the Capital Markets’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. July 14, Subcommittee on Capital Markets, Securities, and Investment, hearing entitled ‘‘A Review of Fixed In-come Market Structure’’, 9:15 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, July 12, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Beyond Microfinance: Empowering Women in the Developing World’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Ray-burn. July 12, Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, hearing entitled ‘‘Advancing U.S. Interests in the West-ern Hemisphere: The FY 2018 Budget Request’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. July 12, Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Black Flags over Mindanao: Terrorism in Southeast Asia’’, 2:30 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. July 13, Subcommittee on Middle East and North Af-rica, hearing entitled ‘‘America’s Interests in the Middle East and North Africa: The President’s FY 2018 Budget Request’’, 1 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. July 14, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘The Tragic Case of Liu Xiaobo’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, July 13, Subcommittee on Counterterrorism and Intelligence, hearing entitled ‘‘The Persistent Threat: al Qaeda’s Evolution and Resil-ience’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Jul 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10JY7.REC D10JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD740 July 10, 2017 July 13, Task Force on Denying Terrorists Entry into the United States, hearing entitled ‘‘The Terrorist Dias-pora: After the Fall of the Caliphate’’, 2 p.m., HVC–210. Committee on the Judiciary, July 12, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 469, the ‘‘Sunshine for Regulations and Regulatory Decrees and Settlements Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 2851, the ‘‘Stop the Importation and Trafficking of Synthetic Analogues Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Ray-burn. July 13, Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual Prop-erty, and the Internet, hearing entitled ‘‘The Impact of Bad Patents on American Businesses’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, July 12, Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, hearing entitled ‘‘Eval-uating Federal Offshore Oil and Gas Development on the Outer Continental Shelf ’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. July 13, Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs, hearing entitled ‘‘Comparing 21st Century Trust Land Acquisition with the Intent of the 73rd Con-gress in Section 5 of the Indian Reorganization Act’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. July 14, Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing on H.R. 873, the ‘‘Global War on Terrorism War Memorial Act’’; H.R. 1547, the ‘‘Udall Park Land Exchange Com-pletion Act’’; H.R. 2582, the ‘‘Confirming State Land Grants for Education Act’’; and H.R. 3115, the ‘‘Superior National Forest Land Exchange Act of 2017’’, 9 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, July 12, Subcommittee on Government Operations; and Sub-committee on Information Technology, joint hearing en-titled ‘‘General Services Administration—Acquisition Oversight and Reform’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, July 12, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 2810, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018’’ {amendment consideration}, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, July 12, Sub-committee on Research and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Fire Administration and Fire Grant Programs Re-authorization: Examining Effectiveness and Priorities’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, July 12, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Help or Hindrance? A Review of SBA’s Office of the Chief Information Officer’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. July 13, Subcommittee on Contracting and Workforce; and Economic Growth, Tax, and Capital Access, joint hearing entitled ‘‘The Puerto Rico Oversight, Manage-ment, and Economic Stability Act: State of Small Busi-ness Contracting’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, July 12, Subcommittee on Economic Development, Public Build-ings, and Emergency Management, hearing entitled ‘‘Im-plementing the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act (FASTA): Maximizing Taxpayer Returns and Reducing Waste in Real Estate’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, July 12, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Care Where It Counts: Assessing VA’s Capital Asset Needs’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. July 12, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investiga-tions, markup on H.R. 2006, the ‘‘VA Procurement Effi-ciency and Transparency Act’’; H.R. 2749, the ‘‘Pro-tecting Business Opportunities for Veterans Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2781, the ‘‘Ensuring Veteran Enterprise Par-ticipation in Strategic Sourcing Act’’; and H.R. 3169, the ‘‘VA Acquisition Workforce Improvement and Stream-lining Act’’, 1 p.m., 334 Cannon. July 12, Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity, markup on H.R. 282, the ‘‘Military Residency Choice Act’’; H.R. 1690, the ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs Bonus Transparency Act’’; and H.R. 2772, the ‘‘SEA Act’’, 2 p.m., 334 Cannon. July 13, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investiga-tions; and Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Examining VA’s Processing of Gulf War Illness Claims’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. July 13, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Maximizing Access and Resources: An Examination of VA Productivity and Efficiency’’, 2 p.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, July 13, Subcommittee on Tax Policy, hearing on ‘‘How Tax Reform Will Help America’s Small Businesses Grow and Create New Jobs’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. July 14, Subcommittee on Social Security, hearing en-titled ‘‘Social Security’s Solvency Challenge: Status of the Social Security Trust Funds’’, 9 a.m., 2020 Rayburn. Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, July 13, Full Committee, markup on the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018, 9 a.m., HVC–304. This hear-ing will be closed. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: July 12, to hold hearings to examine a record six million United States job vacancies, focusing on reasons and remedies, 10 a.m., 2020 Ray-burn. Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: July 13, to receive a briefing on energy insecurity in Russia’s pe-riphery, 3:30 p.m., SD–G11. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Jul 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10JY7.REC D10JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D741 July 10, 2017 
* These figures include all measures reported, even if there was no accom-panying report. A total of 123 written reports have been filed in the Senate, 198 reports have been filed in the House. Re´sume´of Congressional Activity 
FIRST SESSION OF THE ONE HUNDRED FIFTEENTH CONGRESS 
The first table gives a comprehensive re´sume´of all legislative business transacted by the Senate and House. The second table accounts for all nominations submitted to the Senate by the President for Senate confirmation. 
DATA ON LEGISLATIVE ACTIVITY January 3 through June 30, 2017 
Senate House Total 
Days in session .................................... 101 99 . . Time in session ................................... 655 hrs., 7 ′ 449 hrs., 3′ ..  Congressional Record: Pages of proceedings ................... 3,867 5,380 . . Extensions of Remarks ................ . . 939 . . Public bills enacted into law ............... 14 29 43 Private bills enacted into law .............. . . . . . . Bills in conference ............................... . . . . . . Measures passed, total ......................... 175 363 538 Senate bills .................................. 25 9 . . House bills .................................. 15 230 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... 7 5 . . House joint resolutions ............... 14 16 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 4 4 . . House concurrent resolutions ...... 5 9 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 105 90 . . Measures reported, total ...................... *162 *196 358 Senate bills .................................. 117 . . . . House bills .................................. 21 139 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... 1 . . . . House joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... . . . . . . House concurrent resolutions ...... . . 2 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 23 55 . . Special reports ..................................... 12 2 . . Conference reports ............................... . . . . . . Measures pending on calendar ............. 139 28 . . Measures introduced, total .................. 1,789 3,765 5,554 Bills ............................................. 1,507 3,161 . . Joint resolutions .......................... 46 107 . . Concurrent resolutions ................ 21 68 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 215 429 . . Quorum calls ....................................... 3 1 . . Yea-and-nay votes ............................... 155 177 . . Recorded votes .................................... . . 166 . . Bills vetoed ......................................... . . . . . . Vetoes overridden ................................ . . . . . . DISPOSITION OF EXECUTIVE NOMINATIONS January 3 through June 30, 2017 
Civilian nominations, totaling 242, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 50 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 166 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 26 Other Civilian nominations, totaling 710, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 367 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 343 Air Force nominations, totaling 3,078, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 1,832 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 1,246 Army nominations, totaling 3,819, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 3,328 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 491 Navy nominations, totaling 1,622, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 893 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 729 Marine Corps nominations, totaling 1,311, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 1,303 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 8 Summary Total nominations carried over from the First Session ........................... 0 Total nominations received this Session ................................................ 10,782 Total confirmed ..................................................................................... 7,773 Total unconfirmed ................................................................................. 2,983 Total withdrawn .................................................................................... 26 Total returned to the White House ...................................................... 0 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Jul 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0667 Sfmt 0667 E:\CR\FM\D10JY7.REC D10JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD742 July 10, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 2:15 p.m., Tuesday, July 11 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of David C. Nye, of Idaho, to be United States District Judge for the District of Idaho, post-cloture. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Tuesday, July 11 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of the following measures under suspension of the Rules: (1) H.R. 1492— Medical Controlled Substances Transportation Act of 2017; (2) H.R. 702—Federal Employee Antidiscrimina-tion Act of 2017; (3) H.R. 1988—To designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 1730 18th Street in Bakersfield, California, as the Merle Hag-gard Post Office Building; (4) H.R. 954—To remove the use restrictions on certain land transferred to Rockingham County, Virginia; (5) H.R. 1397—To authorize, direct, facilitate, and expedite the transfer of administrative ju-risdiction of certain Federal land; (6) H.R. 1404—Pascua Yaqui Tribe Land Conveyance Act; (7) H.R. 1541—To authorize the Secretary of the Interior to acquire certain property related to the Fort Scott National Historic Site in Fort Scott, Kansas; (8) H.R. 1719—John Muir Na-tional Historic Site Expansion Act; (9) H.R. 1913—Clear Creek National Recreation Area and Conservation Act; (10) H.R. 1306—Western Oregon Tribal Fairness Act; (11) H.R. 2156—Saint Francis Dam Disaster National Memorial Act; and (12) H.R. 597—Lytton Rancheria Homelands Act of 2017. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Carbajal, Salud O., Calif., E947 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E947, E949 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E948 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E948 Katko, John, N.Y., E949 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E947, E947, E948, E949 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Jul 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D10JY7.REC D10JYPT1