Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, on September 7, 2017, the Philhower family will have its 100th annual family reunion. I am proud to join my fellow family members in celebrating this very special occasion. My greatgrandmother was Elizabeth Philhower Lance. The Philhowers were some of the earliest settlers of Hunterdon County, New Jersey. The patriarch of the Philhower family was Philip Wulhauer, who emigrated from Germany on the ship the Patience, landing in the port of Philadelphia on September 16, 1738, at the age of 24. He met his wife, Anna Maria, on their voyage to the Colonies. Together they traveled to Hunterdon County, New Jersey, to start a new life. Philip went on to lease 14 acres in what is now Tewksbury Township in 1758 and established the Philhower homestead, which was first a log cabin that included one room and a loft. Shortly after, he built the house that still stands on the property. It was constructed of mortar, lime, sand, and clay, and its walls are 18 inches thick. The Philhower homestead had grown to 100 acres when the house was completed. The Philhowers have occupied the land since then and have spread their roots all over Hunterdon County, all over the State of New Jersey, and, indeed, all over the rest of the country. Among the family names entwined in the Philhowers are Apgar, Sutton, Fleming, Hoffman, and Lance. Philhowers have represented Hunterdon County in many of the military conflicts that have faced our Nation. They have also been farmers, millers, physicians, ministers, merchants, bankers, and educators. In 1917, the Philhowers held their first family reunion at their homestead, attended by nearly 400 descendants of Philip and Anna Maria. This fine tradition has continued over the last century, usually marked by a turkey dinner, finance meeting, and exchanging of family mementos at Cokesbury United Methodist Church in Hunterdon County. This year, however, family members will travel back to the 
original Philhower homestead to be together. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful to be a descendant of the Philhower family. This is but one example of the strong immigrant tradition in this country that continues to be one of our greatest strengths as a nation, as much a strength today as in the middle of the 18th century. I am honored to share this milestone with colleagues in the United States House of Representatives and with the American people. 
TWOSTATE SOLUTION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, every time I visit Israel, I have such mixed feelings. It is a land of positive opportunities surrounded by intractable controversies. The big question looming is how to achieve a twostate solution for the Israelis and the Palestinians with appropriate integrity so that they are actually separate countries. This has raised additional questions because of the ambiguity from the Trump administration about whether or not what, for years, has been American policy supporting a twostate solution is any longer a priority of theirs. For several years, I have been deeply concerned about the looming environmental crisis in Gaza. This is a small strip of land about twice the size of Washington, D.C., but it is home to 1.9 million people, most of whom are leading a wretched existence, even more so since Hamas, the political faction, has seized control. That is Israel’s implacable enemy which now controls Gaza. They have little regard for their own people, using them as pawns, spending scarce resources, digging tunnels to try to kidnap Israeli children and soldiers, and launching rockets to terrorize Israeli communities in the surrounding areas. b1015 Gaza has reached a crisis point in dealing with water and sanitation. The groundwater is so polluted that virtually all the water is unfit to drink— polluted by sewage, waste runoff, and seawater encroachment. They are pumping four times as much water out of the aquifer than can be replaced naturally, and seawater from the Mediterranean is encroaching. We are told that, by the end of the year, there will probably be no sources of drinking water that are fit to drink. By 2020, the entire water system will be permanently damaged. Because of problems with drinking water that is not fit and raw sewage that is not treated, there is a real likelihood that we could have an outbreak of something like cholera, threatening not just the people in Gaza, but the Israelis as well. Several times recently, sewage from Gaza has washed up on Israeli beaches and forced the shutdown of water treatment plants from desalinization. The Israeli military thinks this is a security threat. In the course of this visit, I had an opportunity to put the question directly to Prime Minister Netanyahu; Jibril Rajoub, the number three person in the Palestinian Authority; and United States Ambassador Friedman about this pending crisis and the need for urgent action. Sadly, each of those conversations revealed I won’t say indifference, but certainly a lack of urgency and no willingness for anybody to take the lead and break the impasse. This is not a problem that is beyond our ability to solve. There are opportunities to increase electricity for pumping water and treating sewage. There is the capacity to build some smaller reservoirs to be able to mix saltwater with freshwater and extend the supplies. For Israel, water is a mystery they have solved. They are the most water rich country on the face of the planet, with very sophisticated technology. They could provide additional resources. Around the edges, the United States does some work with USAID, but it is not a priority for the United States at this point. Mr. Speaker, I return perplexed. We will continue to push with the Israelis, the United States Government, the Palestinians, and with NGOs whenever we have the opportunity. But it seems to me, Mr. Speaker, if we cannot bring people together to solve a pending crisis with tools that are available to us now, at a relatively modest cost, what hope do we have of being able to work cooperatively to implement the two state solution and be able to bring peace and security to Israel and the Palestinians? I would hope my colleagues would lend their voices to this question. 
SERBIAN GOVERNMENT MUST STEP UP AND DO THE RIGHT THING The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss my resolution, H. Con. Res 30. In July of 1999, three brothers—Ylli, 25 years old; Agron, 23 years old; and Mehmet Bytyqi, 21 years old—who were born in the United States and resided in Hampton Bays, New York, went overseas towards the end of the Kosovo war to fight mass war crimes aimed to eradicate the civilian Albanian population from Kosovo. These three men left the comfort and safety of their homes in the U.S. to embark on a civilian humanitarian mission. They were trying to stop abroad those horrific crimes against humanity. During that civilian humanitarian mission, they were arrested after accidentally crossing into Serbiancontrolled territory. Two weeks later, they were given a judicial order of release. Instead, the brutal execution of these men followed shortly after, and it was not until 2001, 2 years later, that their remains were found in a mass grave. While Serbian authorities have investigated the deaths of the brothers, there have been no charges brought against those responsible for those murders. Moreover, the main suspect remains a prominent member of the governing political party. Today we remember Ylli, Agron, and Mehmet, who were senselessly and brutally murdered 18 years ago. Since taking office over 2 years ago, I have been committed to helping the Bytyqi family receive the justice they have long deserved. I have been in contact with the family as we work to resolve this. In the last Congress, I introduced H. Con. Res. 51, calling for justice to be served in these horrible murders, and imploring the Serbian Government to make it a priority that this must be properly investigated and that those suspects be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. I am proud to have reintroduced this legislation in the 115th Congress as H. Con. Res. 20. It is absolutely reprehensible that, despite many promises by Serbian officials to resolve this case, no individual has ever been found guilty of this horrible crime, nor of any crimes associated with the deaths of these innocent Americans. It is the responsibility of the Serbian Government to resolve this case, and my resolution notes that progress into this investigation should remain a significant factor which determines the further development of U.S.Serbian relations. Their inaction on finding and prosecuting those responsible is an insult not only to the memory of Ylli, Agron, Mehmet, and the Bytyqi family, but to every American. The Bytyqi brothers gave their lives to fight injustice. It is now upon us to return this favor and deliver justice for their family. Those responsible for these unspeakable acts against our citizens must face the law. It is vital that the Serbian Government steps up and does what is right. Eighteen years later, it is time we put an end to this sad story. 
CELEBRATING 150TH ANNIVERSARY OF NEW LIGHT BEULAH BAPTIST CHURCH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. CLYBURN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor New Light Beulah Baptist Church of Hopkins, South Carolina, on the occasion of its 150th anniversary. Many members of the congregation have traveled here to Washington, D.C., from South Carolina to 
observe this tribute, and have joined us here in the gallery. New Light Beulah Baptist Church grew out of Beulah Baptist Church, which was a place of worship for Whites and African Americans. In December of 1867, several years after the effective date of the Emancipation Proclamation, many newly freed slaves began exercising their newfound freedoms by taking control of their own affairs. Consequently, the 565 African American members of the congregation began worshipping on alternating Sundays from the 11 White members of Beulah Baptist Church. In 1870, after the dispersal of the White congregation, the AfricanAmerican members of Beulah Baptist Church further asserted their independence by renaming the church New Light Beulah Baptist Church. After a number of disputes over the church’s land, the congregation decided to build a brush arbor on the land of Deacon Pharaoh Smith, a revered leader within the church. Over the following years, this humble brush arbor evolved into the thriving spiritual center that New Light Beulah Baptist Church has become today. New Light Beulah Baptist Church embodies the resilience and service of the AfricanAmerican community. Forged from adversity, this congregation has stood strong throughout tumultuous times, both externally and internally. Their strength comes not from the brick and mortar within which they worship, but from God’s good graces and the steadfast individuals who have labored in this historic church. The church has been a leader in Hopkins, South Carolina, a small rural community southeast of Columbia, the State’s capital. Through various communityoriented initiatives, such as their child development program, Meals on Wheels, the Neighboring Christian Athletic Association, and the Educational Society, the congregation has positively impacted the entire community. Next month, New Light Beulah Baptist Church will become the first AfricanAmerican church in the Hopkins community to be registered as a historic place by the South Carolina Department of Archives and History. I congratulate them on this special recognition. Mr. Speaker, it is my great honor to represent this fine congregation in this august body. I ask my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating New Light Beulah Baptist Church on their 150th anniversary and wishing them continued prosperity in the days ahead. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would remind Members that it is not in order to refer to occupants of the gallery. FIGHTING ONLINE SEX TRAFFICKING The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. WAGNER ) for 5 minutes. Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call on the U.S. House of Representatives to bring my bipartisan Allow States and Victims to Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act to the floor. Yesterday, The Washington Post revealed that backpage.com hired a contractor to solicit and create illegal sex trafficking ads. This confirms yet again what we have long known about Backpage: it is an online slave market that actively sells America’s innocent women and children for sex. If a business in America held a slave auction, it is impossible for me to imagine that the auctioneer would be able to carry on with impunity. After all, we amended the U.S. Constitution to ban slavery of all forms in the United States many years ago. But this is exactly what is happening with backpage.com. Backpage is selling our children into sex slavery, and we must hold them accountable. Backpage and other online slave markets can sell America’s children over and over again because courts have misinterpreted section 230 of the Communications Decency Act to shield websites from criminal liability for the sex trafficking advertisements that they facilitate. But the Communications Decency Act, passed over 20 years ago, was never intended to create a lawless internet where people can commit sex crimes online that they cannot commit offline. In fact, this misinterpretation of the CDA is the height of irony. Speaking in favor of the CDA in 1995, thenSenator Exon said: ‘‘The information superhighway should not become a redlight district. Once this bill passes, our children and families will be better protected from those who would electronically cruise the digital world to engage children in inappropriate communications and introductions.’’ How sad his words ring today. The CDA, meant originally to protect children, has become now a safe harbor for America’s pimps. The tech industry is rallying against any changes to the CDA, but freedom of speech online and the enforcement of the Nation’s sex trafficking laws are in no way mutually exclusive. Sex trafficking is not a prerequisite of the free and open internet. Last year, in Jane Doe v. Backpage, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the First Circuit made clear that legislation is the only remedy to any conflict between the CDA and America’s sex trafficking laws. b1030 In other words, Congress must clarify to the courts that the Communications Decency Act does not protect sex trafficking, and that is precisely what the Allow States and Victims to Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act will do. We must bring this legislation to the floor and take a stand for victims across the country. We cannot claim to be antitrafficking advocates, then close our eyes and give a free pass to the websites that sell our children. 
HONORING FIRST RESPONDERS OF ARIZONA’S SECOND CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. MCSALLY ) for 5 minutes. Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the outstanding individuals in my congressional district who I was proud to award as First Responders of Distinction earlier this week. We all benefit from the sacrificial work of our first responders, whether we have personally experienced it as they responded to our emergency or whether we indirectly benefit from it by enjoying the safety that they provide. The everyday acts of heroism by first responders in our community often go uncelebrated. They keep our streets safe, put their lives on the line during emergencies, provide assistance whenever needed, and save lives. Above and beyond even that standard of greatness, there are outstanding first responders in my district who serve southern Arizona in truly extraordinary ways. These individuals organize community races, develop emergency preparedness training, log hundreds of volunteer hours, launch public education campaigns, and provide meals for disabled seniors. That is why I created the First Responders of Distinction Award to shine a spotlight on individuals who make extraordinary contributions in our community. This year, we reached a significant number of nominations, and I was pleased to recognize each one for the role they play. Our winner in the individual category goes to Lieutenant Mertie Stompro, who has served in the Sierra Vista Police Department for 20 years. His many leadership roles include team leader for the Sierra Vista Police Department Tactical Unit and founding member of the Sierra Vista Police Department’s Special Response Team. Mertie distinguished himself as the sergeant overseeing firearms training for the department. He developed force onforce training to simulate reallife scenarios that officers face in the community. His steadfast approach to challenging officers in the training environment has greatly improved the skill level and preparedness of all ranks in the Sierra Vista Police Department. In his spare time, Lieutenant Stompro has coordinated an annual Foot Pursuit 5K. It is a race that has become the largest organized race in the Sierra Vista area and fosters positive interaction between law enforcement and the community. 
Last year, it raised $6,000 for the annual Christmas with a Cop event sponsored by the Sierra Vista Police Officers’ Association. In this photo, you can see Lieutenant Stompro engaging with a child at Christmas with a Cop, which gives 100 underprivileged children in Cochise County the opportunity to spend $100 on whatever they wish to purchase. For the last 2 years, during the National Bike and Walk to School Week, he comes in to work before shift and transforms one of the armored vehicles into a Batmobile, driving Batman and Ghostbuster around each school in the Sierra Vista neighborhoods to interact with the kids. Lieutenant Stompro has also worked tirelessly over the last several years to develop emergency preparedness training exercises in the local schools and developed a lasting partnership with the Sierra Vista Unified School District. He took the lead in developing exercises to coordinate efforts in the event of an active shooter situation. Lieutenant Stompro embodies the Sierra Vista Police Department’s mantra of ‘‘Service with Honor,’’ and we are fortunate to have him in our community. Our team winner for 2017 is the DavisMonthan Air Force Base 355th Civil Engineering Squadron Fire Emergency Services, pictured here receiving their award. DavisMonthan’s Fire Emergency Services team provides fire, rescue, emergency medical, and combat support in 25 operating bases year round. In the past year, they hosted over 500 firefighters from 12 neighboring departments, three local fire academies and local law enforcement agencies, and joint SWAT/Rescue Task Force training. In the last year, this team provided more than 150 hours of fire prevention education, supporting over 300 children at Borman Elementary and Sonoran Science Academy. Additionally, they volunteered 250 hours to Habitat for Humanity, Tanque Verde Little League, STARBASE, Pima Interagency Training Committee, Arizona Center for Fire Service Excellence, the Public Safety and Emergency Services Institute, and numerous other organizations. Despite being 30 percent undermanned, they protect $50 billion in assets and 14,000 personnel. Even with the diverse demands, they were able to combine their experience, hard work, and talent to garner the prestigious milestone of Commission on Fire Accreditation International, an honor only 230 departments in the world have earned. Mr. Speaker, these are just two examples of the heroic and extraordinary first responders we are blessed to have serving in my district. We will never fully be able to repay these individuals for the way they shaped and improved our lives, but we can applaud them and offer our sincerest gratitude. Before I yield back, I want to point out I am standing here in my professional attire, which happens to be a sleeveless dress and opentoed shoes. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 35 minutes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
PRAYER Archbishop Hovnan Derderian, Western Diocese, Armenian Church of North America, Burbank, California, offered the following prayer: Almighty God, it is with a grateful and humble heart that I gaze upon You with supplications for lasting peace, prosperity, and commonweal for the great country of the United States, which so many people of diverse backgrounds proudly call home. As the spiritual leader of the Armenians on the West Coast, I bring the intercession of my flock, and I ask You O Lord to grant wisdom, compassion, and righteousness to all Congressmen and Congresswomen so that they may lead this country through the paths of justice, liberty, and equality. Compassionate God, forgive the sins of all Your servants and make them vessels of Your divine will so that in all their endeavors they may remember Your commandments and act according to the United States’ national interests in defense of the country’s sovereignty. This I ask in Your holy Name. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. WILSON ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. WELCOMING ARCHBISHOP HOVNAN DERDERIAN The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from California (Mr. SCHIFF ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize my friend, Archbishop Hovnan Derderian, Primate of the Western Diocese of the Armenian Church of North America, and to thank him for delivering the opening prayer on the House floor today. Archbishop Derderian has had a tremendous impact on people of all faiths and has played a vital role in the religious and civic life of millions. Since his election as primate in 2003, Archbishop Derderian has been a dedicated religious servant for the thousands of congregants who look to him for guidance, managing a diocese which covers the Western United States. In the large ArmenianAmerican diaspora community that I am proud to represent, Archbishop Derderian is an articulate and steadfast voice for the values of faith, family, and community service that are at the core of the Armenian people’s perseverance and strength. Archbishop Derderian and the Western Diocese have joined other religious and community leaders in rallying support and aid for Armenia, Artsakh, and for refugees fleeing the horrors of civil war in Syria and Iraq. I thank the Archbishop for all that he does to make our community and our Nation stronger. I am proud that Congress today was able to hear the moral leadership he brings to his work in the Western Diocese. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the bravery and the ingenuity of more than 80 beachgoers in Panama City Beach last weekend. As many were enjoying the crystal blue waters of the Gulf, a family of six and four others became caught up in a riptide. Losing strength to fight their way back to shore, the swimmers screamed for help and faced a tragic fate. Thankfully, ordinary citizens did something extraordinary. One of them was Jessica Simmons, who noticed the struggling swimmers from a nearby sandbar. She said to herself: ‘‘Those people are not drowning today.’’ Jessica helped coordinate dozens of others to form a human chain from the shore 
all the way out to the distressed swimmers, ultimately bringing all of them to shore and saving their lives. It is a testament to the generosity of the human spirit to see complete strangers quite literally join hands to help those in need. On behalf of the Second District, I thank Jessica Simmons and all who fought the churning currents of Panama City Beach on Saturday. May we all learn from their example. 
REMEMBERING THE VICTIMS OF THE NEWARK REBELLION AND OCCUPATION (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, on July 12, 1967, a fire of rebellion sparked in my hometown and led to 5 days of conflict. Today we acknowledge the 50th anniversary of the Newark riots, or as the citizens called it, the Newark Rebellion and Occupation, and we memorialize the 26 people who lost their lives in those turbulent 5 days: Rose Abraham, Elizabeth Artis, Mary Helen Campbell, Eloise Spellman, Eddie Moss, Captain Michael Moran, Isaac Harrison, Frederick Toto, Robert Martin, Albert Mersier, Jr., Rufus Hawk, William Furr, Oscar Hill, Tedock Bell, Michael Pugh, Jessie Mae Jones, James Rutledge, Leroy Boyd, Rebecca Brown, Hattie Gainer, Raymond Gilmer, Cornelius Murray, Victor Louis Smith, James Sanders, Richard Taliaferro, and Rufus Council. Mr. Speaker, those were turbulent days in the city’s history, but we have not forgotten and we have learned great lessons from that time. May we also never forget these lives that perished in those 5 days. 
HOUSE COMBATS HUMAN TRAFFICKING (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, today the House of Representatives will consider three critical bills that will continue efforts to reduce and eliminate human trafficking and implement a stronger detection system for American families. I appreciate the leadership of Congressman CHRIS SMITH, Congressman TIMWALBERG , and Congresswoman VICKY HARTZLER for their work to build a more effective system to apprehend traffickers. As we take steps at the national level to prevent trafficking, equip local officials, and support vulnerable communities, I am grateful that the South Carolina Human Trafficking Task Force led by State Attorney General Alan Wilson has been a pioneer in statewide efforts to combat human trafficking. Under his leadership, South Carolina has one of the strongest human trafficking laws in the country and has successfully worked for prosecution, protection, prevention, and partnership. I am encouraged by South Carolina’s commitment to protecting the dignity, freedom, and human rights of all citizens, and I hope their success can build a model for other States. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
SENATE BILL HURTS AMERICANS (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, once again, tomorrow, Senate Republicans will take another shot at passing the most widely hated and totally disastrous bill in modern American history—their bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act. Once again, 22 million Americans will stand to lose their health insurance. Once again, Republicans will propose to send premiums and outof pocket costs soaring. Once again, Republicans would allow insurance companies to discriminate against the sick. Once again, they will try to pass a law that hurts children, veterans, seniors, and Americans with disabilities. They seem desperately determined to pass something instead of doing the right thing—which would be working on a bill that treats healthcare as a fundamental American right—and that is as wrong as wrong can be. 
OFFICER DOWN: MIGUEL MORENO—TEXAS LAWMAN (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Peace Officers Miguel Moreno and Julio Cavazos of the San Antonio Police Department were responding to a routine call when they were approached by two individuals. Suddenly, one dastardly criminal pulled out a firearm and began shooting at both officers. As the shots rang out, both officers were hit. 32yearold Officer Moreno took a bullet to the chest, collapsing to the ground. Officer Cavazos ran to his fellow officer, Moreno, pulling him out of the line of fire despite being shot himself. He fired back at the outlaw, hitting the mark; and, in my opinion, justice was then served. Despite Cavazos’ quick actions, 32 yearold Officer Moreno succumbed to his injuries. Another life needlessly stolen from the thin blue line. Miguel Moreno was a 9year veteran of the force. He woke up each morning ready to serve and protect his community. His life was stolen by an evil villain with no socially redeeming value. Moreno stood for everything that is good in America. As we mourn his loss, we should thank the good Lord that such people as he ever lived. He was part of the rare breed, the American breed. Our peace officers are the best we have. America needs to stand with peace officers. We should stand with the thin blue line—the line that separates the lawful from the lawless. God bless Officer Moreno and his family. And that is just the way it is. f 
INFRASTRUCTURE INVESTMENTS IN BUFFALO, NEW YORK (Mr. HIGGINS of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, The Buffalo News, in a feature story this week, highlighted the impressive development of the once dormant urban streets in Buffalo, New York; streets like Niagara Street, Main Street, and Ohio Street. What these road projects have in common in their resurgence is a smart and targeted Federal commitment to infrastructure that has been successfully leveraged to yield significant private investment and achieve the maximum benefit for our community and for the Nation. Buffalo—long ago humbled by economic devastation—is now a national model for communities nationwide in showing how infrastructure investments can create jobs and improve the life quality of communities. Infrastructure investment creates jobs in the construction trades and supply and materials industry immediately and unleashes the investment of the private sector in a causeandeffect economic response. Buffalo has come a long way, and we still have a long way to go. The lessons of our success can and should be shared with the Nation through this institution. 
CONGRATULATING CHIEF BILL OLNEY ON HIS RETIREMENT (Mr. HUIZENGA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate my neighbor and friend, Chief Bill Olney, on his retirement from the Zeeland Police Department, and to thank him for his work and his service. 
After attending both Grand Valley State University and Wayne State University, Bill received a degree in criminal justice from Madonna University. He began his career in law enforcement in 1976 as a Michigan State Police trooper, where he served for 25 years protecting our great State. In 2001, just one day after he retired from the Michigan State Police, Bill Olney joined the Zeeland Police Department, where he served as our chief of police for 16 years. Chief Olney has dedicated his career to providing the highest quality law enforcement service and professionalism to the residents of Zeeland. His relentless work for our committee and dedication is clearly reflected by the numerous awards and commendations he has received over his career. Chief Olney has served on the West Michigan Criminal Justice Training Consortium, Ottawa Substance Abuse Prevention Coalition, and Stop Child Abuse and Neglect Council. As a lifelong Detroit Lions and Michigan State Spartans fan, I know he will enjoy his retirement with his wife, Kathryn; and his children, Shannon and Matt. I think some football is in his kids’ future. Mr. Speaker, I want to ask my colleagues to join me in saying ‘‘thank you’’ on behalf of the Second District of Michigan as we thank Chief Bill Olney for his 41 years of service to the State of Michigan and to our country. 
b1215 PROTECT NET NEUTRALITY (Ms. GABBARD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, net neutrality is something that is fundamental to our country. It is rooted in our First Amendment rights. It allows for an open marketplace, exchange of ideas, center for innovation, hub for communication, and so much more. In today’s digital age, especially, ensuring an open, free, and equal internet for all—not just for those who can afford to pay to play—is crucial to level the playing field for everyone. The FCC’s current proposal rolls back these freedoms for the benefit and profit of big internet service providers on the backs of students, entrepreneurs and innovators, small businesses, and all of us. Millions across the country have already sent in comments to the FCC expressing their strong opposition. On today’s net neutrality day of action, I encourage everyone to make their voices heard. In just 5 days, the FCC public comment period closes. Now is the time for us to raise our voices to protect net neutrality, fairness, and equality for all. 
MAJORITY OF VOTERS BACK PRESIDENT’S TRAVEL VETTING (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, a recent Politico/Morning Consult poll shows that 60 percent of registered voters support ‘‘new guidelines which say visa applicants from six predominantly Muslim countries must prove a close family relationship with a U.S. resident in order to enter the country.’’ Only 28 percent oppose. Also, respondents trust Republicans in Congress more than Democrats to handle the issue of immigration. The new, nationwide poll demonstrates strong approval by the electorate for the President’s effort to keep America safe, despite a question slanted to make respondents think his action is based on religion. Had the question noted that the six nations that require additional visa scrutiny were also selected by the Obama administration as national security threats, the poll likely would have revealed even more support for the new guidelines. When it comes to immigration policy, the American people support the President. f 
TRAINING SCHOOLS IN SEX TRAFFICKING AWARENESS (Mrs. DAVIS of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speaker, many people think of human trafficking as a problem that is happening abroad, but what they don’t realize is that hundreds of thousands of victims are being trafficked within our own borders. It is hard to imagine such an injustice occurring in your own neighborhood. When I learned that my city of San Diego is considered a highintensity region for child trafficking, I knew I needed to take action. In San Diego, we have an incredible community antitrafficking task force. They told me that a gap in the fight against trafficking is in our schools. This is why I wrote the Empowering Educators to Prevent Trafficking Act. I am proud to see it included in the Frederick Douglass Trafficking Victims Protection Act that is before us today. My bill will fund programs to train teachers across the country to recognize and respond to signs of trafficking so that they can identify victims and get them the help they need. Teachers, in turn, can teach their students how to protect themselves from becoming victims. With this training, our Nation’s schools can be an important line of defense against this terrible injustice. 
RECOGNIZING GASPERI FAMILY (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Gasperi family, who will be moving to Kenya in August on a mission to bring clean, fresh water to the schools in the surrounding area. The Gasperi family seeks to provide clean water to schools in the city of Nakuru. Clean water will help the Kenyans avoid waterborne parasites and illnesses that interfere with childhood education. Ashley Gasperi grew up in Kenya, and, with her husband, Chris, started a nonprofit called Ekenywa, which means a new beginning. Their mission is to improve the quality of life for schoolaged children in Kenya and to eradicate poverty. Both Chris and Ashley hold their master’s degrees in nursing. Chris serves as a nurse manager at St. Mary Medical Center’s orthopedic center, and Ashley serves as a clinical instructor at Temple University. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the entire Eighth Congressional District of Pennsylvania, we are so proud of the Gasperi family. We wish them the best as they work to provide a brighter future and cleaner water for all the children of Kenya. f 
HONORING OUR COMMITMENT TO VETERANS (Mr. O’ROURKE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, there are tens of thousands of veterans in this country who have served this country; put their lives on the line, literally; and saved the lives of countless other servicemembers who, because of their service, have mental healthcare related conditions like posttraumatic stress disorder, or PTSD, which contributed to them having an other than honorable discharge. Mr. Speaker, with an other than honorable discharge, those veterans are unable to go into a VA and see a mental healthcare provider, despite the fact that they are more than two times likely to take their own lives. Now that we all know this, I hope that Members will join me in cosponsoring the Honor Our Commitment Act, which I introduced with MIKE BOSTin the House and C HRIS MURPHY  in the Senate. It is bipartisan and bicameral. It honors our commitment and obligation to those servicemembers who did right by this country, and it will save lives. I look forward to the full support of this Chamber, passage of this bill, and having the President sign it into law. 
RECOGNIZING ROBERT LEE BECERRA (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize Robert Lee Becerra, a very special young man 
from my district who is severely impacted by autism and has made a positive difference in thousands of lives in south Florida. How has he done this? Mr. Speaker, for years, Robert has helped train 6,000 Miami police officers, firefighters, and EMTs to identify people with developmental issues and tailor their actions and responses accordingly. With Robert’s help, officers and first responders in south Florida are trained to deescalate volatile emergency situations involving individuals on the autism spectrum or with mental illness. Robert’s assistance in emergency response training has not only helped officers to connect with autism patients on an emotional level, but it has also made a positive impact and has saved many lives in our south Florida community. I thank Robert for his tireless work and participation in police and first responder training for more than 10 years. His efforts have helped make south Florida an even better community for all of us. Thank you, Robert. 
NAS REPORT ON THE VALUE OF SBE SCIENCES (Mr. LIPINSKI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight the findings of a recent report by the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine entitled: ‘‘The Value of Social, Behavioral, and Economic Sciences to National Priorities.’’ This report was requested by the National Science Foundation to examine whether the Federal Government should continue funding research in these disciplines. The resounding answer is: yes. The report found that SBE funding furthers the mission of NSF and helps other agencies achieve their missions, and this funding provides tools and methods that have helped business and industry grow the U.S. economy and create jobs. The report also highlights that virtually every major challenge the country faces today requires understanding the causes and consequences of people’s behavior. The way we do this is by funding research in the social, behavioral, and economic sciences. Mr. Speaker, investments in SBE are critical for our Nation’s future, and we must continue this robust investment. 
RECOGNIZING LEDVANCE (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, for the past 100 years, people in St. Marys, Pennsylvania, have been producing light for the world. Earlier this week, I had the opportunity to visit the LEDVANCE manufacturing facility and visit with employees. St. Marys is located at the eastern edge of the Allegheny National Forest in the Pennsylvania Fifth District. It is a town this has a rich and storied history of being a leader in manufacturing. The LEDVANCE facility in St. Marys manufactures nearly 2 million incandescent and halogen light bulbs—and soon, LED light bulbs—each day, in 1,700 packages and varieties. Its employees are skilled, knowledgeable, an dedicated to their craft. They are producing stateoftheart lighting solutions right in the heart of north central Pennsylvania. LEDVANCE has locations throughout North America and is a global leader in advancing light with LED, traditional and smart lighting, and accessories. It was a privilege to tour the St. Marys facility and meet with the talented local employees who work diligently each day to produce a quality product. Congratulations to our workforce in St. Marys on 100 years of knowledge and expertise to advance light around the world. f 
IMMIGRATION REFORM (Mr. POLIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight the need for bipartisan immigration reform. Until Congress addresses our broken immigration system; secures our border; provides a pathway for people who have been here a long time to be able to eventually earn full citizenship; and provides a way for people who are here illegally and required to register, get right with the law, and get in line behind those who have come legally, it will remain a problem in cities and communities across our entire country. There has been a failure of leadership in this body, the United States Congress, to actually address our broken immigration system. There has been a failure from both sides to provide a pathway forward for a problem that only Congress can solve, and that will only get larger until we take it up here. Last week, I visited the ICE detention facility in Aurora, Colorado. I witnessed and talked to family members and mothers who had been taken away from their American children over something as minor as a speeding ticket. We can, and we must, do better as a nation. We need an immigration system that reflects that we are both a nation of laws and a nation of immigrants. I call upon my Republican and Democratic colleagues to work together to achieve this end. PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2810, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 23, GAINING RESPONSIBILITY ON WATER ACT OF 2017 Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 431 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: H. R ES. 431 Resolved, That at any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2810) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Armed Services. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the fiveminute rule. In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Armed Services now printed in the bill, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 11523, modified by the amendment printed in part A of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution, shall be considered as adopted in the House and in the Committee of the Whole. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as the original bill for the purpose of further amendment under the fiveminute rule and shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. SEC. 2. (a) No further amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution and amendments en bloc described in section 3 of this resolution. (b) Each further amendment printed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. (c) All points of order against the further amendments printed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules or amendments en bloc described in section 3 of this resolution are waived. SEC. 3. It shall be in order at any time for the chair of the Committee on Armed Services or his designee to offer amendments en bloc consisting of amendments printed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution not earlier disposed of. Amendments en bloc offered pursuant to this section shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for 20 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Armed Services or their designees, 
shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. SEC. 4. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment pursuant to this resolution, the Committee of the Whole shall rise without motion. No further consideration of the bill shall be in order except pursuant to a subsequent order of the House. SEC. 5. At any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 23) to provide drought relief in the State of California, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Natural Resources. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the fiveminute rule. It shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the fiveminute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 11524. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute are waived. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part C of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may demand a separate vote in the House on any amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the amendment in the nature of a substitute made in order as original text. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. MACARTHUR ). The gentleman from Alabama is recognized for 1 hour. b1230 Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Alabama? There was no objection. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, House Resolution 431 provides for full consideration, including making six amendments in order to H.R. 23, the Gaining Responsibility on Water Act, and allows us to begin consideration of H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. H.R. 23 is legislation necessary to deal with the severe water supply crisis facing California and other Western States. The region has experienced the worst drought in over 1,000 years, and many Western communities have been very negatively impacted. This commonsense legislation fixes the broken regulatory system that is only exacerbating the impact of the drought conditions. The current regulatory system is overly complex and inconsistent. Making matters worse, various court decisions have only further complicated efforts to resolve these issues. For example, this bill will help bring California’s water infrastructure into the 21st century. The current water storage and delivery system is designed to serve approximately 22 million people, but the State currently has 37 million residents. The bill is not only important to people in California. In fact, around half of our Nation’s fruits and vegetables come from California. Every American could be hit in the pocketbook at the grocery store or checkout line if the California drought is allowed to continue. Through this legislation, we can help expand water infrastructure and allow for greater water conveyance while ensuring environmental and water rights protections. Passing H.R. 23 will directly help address the drought crisis and benefit families, farms, the environment, and the American economy. The rule also allows us to begin consideration of the National Defense Authorization Act. The bill provides for general debate and makes in order 88 amendments, including 41 minority amendments and 20 bipartisan amendments. Another rule is expected tomorrow to provide for consideration of additional amendments. This open process actually started in the Armed Services Committee on which I serve. At the committee level, 275 amendments were offered, and 231 amendments were adopted during our committee markup last month. I have said this many times on this floor, but it is worth saying again: there is no greater responsibility of the Federal Government than to provide for the safety and security of the American people. This year’s NDAA does just that by reforming, repairing, and rebuilding the United States military. The bill addresses the realities of the dangerous threat environment facing our Nation and ensures our troops and their families have the necessary resources and benefits. Over the last decade, we have cut our military at an alarming rate. As the threats rack up, we have planes that can’t fly, ships that can’t sail, and soldiers who can’t deploy. We must reverse this readiness crisis. Thankfully, there is bipartisan support for boosting our Nation’s military. In fact, this bill passed out of the Armed Services Committee by a vote of 60–1, continuing a strong bipartisan tradition of passing NDAAs. I want to briefly highlight just a few of the positive provisions of this legislation. The bill increases total military spending by 10 percent to rebuild the military from the current readiness crisis. This includes increasing the size of the Army, Navy, Air Force, Army Guard and Reserve, Naval and Air Reserve, and Air Guard. Given the serious threat posed by North Korea, the bill boosts missile defense programs, including adding an additional $2.5 billion above the President’s budget request. The bill also authorizes the construction of 13 new Navy ships, including three more littoral combat ships, as we work to grow toward a 355ship fleet. It funds a 2.4 percent pay raise for our troops and extends special pay and bonuses for servicemembers. Importantly, the bill continues to advance Chairman THORNBERRY ’s priority of reforming and strengthening the military’s acquisition process to make it more effective and efficient. Given the evolving threats related to cyber, the bill improves the oversight of cyber operations. The bill also helps set policy for the U.S. military relating to Afghanistan, Syria, Iraq, Ukraine, Russia, Africa, and the Asian Pacific region. All told, this bill achieves important priorities of reforming, repairing, and rebuilding our military. Each and every day, more than 2 million men and women put on the uniform of the United States and serve our country. As we have seen by two recent tragedies, the Marine plane crash in Mississippi and the USS Fitzgerald collision off the coast of Japan, these individuals put their lives on the line in order to protect the freedoms we all hold dear. They deserve the resources necessary to fulfill their mission and the benefits worthy of those who sacrifice so much. So I am hopeful we can continue to move forward in a bipartisan manner to pass this NDAA, to support our troops, and to fulfill our constitutional obligation to provide for the common defense. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support House Resolution 431 and the underlying bills, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the customary 30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the rule for providing debate on the National Defense Authorization Act, often called the NDAA, and also the 
Gaining Responsibility on Water Act. First let me address that act. They tried to create an acronym called the GROW Act, Gaining Responsibility on Water, trying to make it seem like it actually might help things grow, when it actually picks winners and losers in water—and the losers are the environment, the State of California, and many others. There are also a lot of problems around the process for the GROW Act. It bypassed hearings and markups. In fact, up until this bill was published on the Rules Committee website, only lobbyists and a few Republicans even knew what many of the provisions in this bill were. This kind of backroom dealmaking is one of the reasons the general public holds Congress in such low esteem. There is an immense amount of opposition to this legislation, including from conservation groups, fishing groups, Native American Tribes, and the State of California. Mr. Speaker, I have several letters that I include in the RECORD in regard to opposition to H.R. 23. One of the letters is signed by groups ranging from the American Bird Conservancy to the Animal Welfare Institute, to the Humane Society and a number of others, discussing how this bill would dramatically weaken protections for salmon, birds, and other fish and wildlife. Another letter that I include in the RECORD is from a former colleague of ours, now the attorney general of the State of California, Xavier Becerra, and, finally, a letter from the Governor of California as well. 
PLEASE OPPOSE H.R. 23 JULY11, 2017. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the undersigned organizations, we write to urge you to oppose H.R. 23 (Valadao, R–CA). This bill would dramatically weaken protections for salmon, migratory birds, and other fish and wildlife in California’s BayDelta watershed and would threaten thousands of fishing jobs in California and Oregon that depend on the health of these species. In addition to gutting critical federal environmental protections in California, H.R. 23 also preempts a wide range of state environmental laws and would prevent the State of California from protecting and managing its own water and wildlife resources. In addition to these provisions focused on California, the bill also includes titles that would reduce public and environmental reviews of new dams and water infrastructure across the Western states. Both the Obama Administration and the State of California opposed similar legislation in recent years, including opposition to H.R. 3964 (Valadao, R–CA) and H.R. 5781 (Valadao, R–CA) in 2014, and H.R. 2898 (Valadao, R–CA) in 2015. California has just emerged from a devastating drought, and the state is taking proactive steps to protect cities, farms, and the environment from future dry spells. However, several provisions in H.R. 23 would undermine California’s efforts by permanently preempting critical state laws that protect salmon and other native fisheries and the jobs they support. In addition, this legislation would effectively repeal and preempt state and federal laws and a binding settlement agreement that require restoration of the San Joaquin River and its native salmon runs, instead permanently drying up 60 miles of California’s second longest river. H.R. 23 not only preempts state law as applied to federal water projects in California, but it also preempts the application of state laws to the State Water Project and virtually all water rights holders in California’s BayDelta watershed. This extensive preemption of state law in H.R. 23 is contrary to over a hundred years of Reclamation law and would set a dangerous precedent for other Western states. H.R. 23 would also override the Endangered Species Act, increasing the risk that winter run Chinook salmon and other native fish species are driven extinct. Further, H.R. 23 could devastate wildlife refuges that provide habitat for millions of birds that migrate along the Pacific Flyway by undermining the refuges’ water rights and threatening critically important funding sources. H.R. 23 would also eviscerate the 1992 Central Valley Project Improvement Act, eliminating instream flows to benefit salmon and funding for habitat restoration projects, which help to mitigate the adverse effects of the Central Valley Project. The impacts from these provisions would reverberate along the entire West Coast, affecting fishing jobs and related industries in Oregon and Washington that depend on salmon from California’s Central Valley and threatening populations of waterfowl and shorebirds that migrate to and from Alaska and Canada each year. In addition to these provisions focused on gutting environmental protections in California, H.R. 23 also includes several titles that would weaken the public’s right to know and environmental protection across the western United States. For instance, the bill’s dam permitting provisions would give the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation unprecedented control over the environmental review process and could undermine the ability of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and N.O.A.A. Fisheries to share expertise and inform the development of major infrastructure investments. These provisions would make it difficult, if not impossible, for responsible agencies to meaningfully analyze proposed projects and could limit the public’s ability to weigh in on infrastructure that could affect communities for decades. H.R. 23 has not been the subject of a single committee hearing to receive public input from the State of California, hunting organizations, sport and commercial fishermen, tribes, or conservation groups, even though the bill could greatly interfere with state water rights and cripple the ability of state and federal agencies to manage limited water resources for all beneficial uses. Last year Congress passed legislation addressing California’s water operations in the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act of 2016 (P.L. 114–322). H.R. 23 would undermine that legislation, which supporters claim requires that state and federal water projects are operated in compliance with state law and the Endangered Species Act. H.R. 23 also threatens thousands of fishing jobs in California, Oregon, and beyond that depend on healthy salmon runs from the BayDelta. The closure of the salmon fishery in 2008 and 2009 resulted in thousands of lost jobs in these states. The livelihoods and recreational interests of salmon fishermen, Delta farmers, fishing guides, tackle shops, bird watchers, waterfowl hunters, and communities across California and along the West Coast depend on the environmental protections that H.R. 23 would eliminate. For these reasons, we respectfully urge you to oppose H.R. 23. Thank you for your attention. Sincerely, American Bird Conservancy, American Rivers, Animal Welfare Institute, Audubon California, Center for Biological Diversity, Center for Food Safety, Defenders of Wildlife, Earthjustice, Endangered Species Coalition, Environmental Protection Information Center, Friends of the River, Humane Society Legislative Fund, International Marine Mammal Project of Earth Island Institute, Klamath Forest Alliance, League of Conservation Voters, Natural Resources Defense Council, San Juan Citizens Alliance, Sierra Club, The Bay Institute, Turtle Island Restoration Network, Western Nebraska Resources Council, Western Watersheds Project, WildEarth Guardians. STATE OF CALIFORNIA , OFFICE OF THE ATTORNEY GENERAL , Sacramento, CA, July 11, 2017. Re H.R. 23 (Valadao). Hon. PAULRYAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. NANCY PELOSI , House Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARHOUSE SPEAKER RYAN AND HOUSE MINORITY LEADER PELOSI : I am writing to express my opposition to H.R. 23, the Gaining Responsibility on Water Act of 2017. This legislation would exempt California from the longstanding principle that Congress should defer to the individual states in the management of their water resources. While H.R. 23 purports to affirm state authority to regulate the waters within their borders as to other western states, the legislation singles out California by abrogating California water resource law and effectively federalizing the State’s water resource management to the injury of the State’s fish and wildlife resources. Like its predecessors H.R. 1873 and H.R. 3964, H.R. 23 would transgress state sovereignty in at least three important respects. First, the legislation would mandate that the federal Central Valley Project (CVP) and the California State Water Project (SWP), the largest water projects in the State, operate to outdated water quality standards for the SacramentoSan Joaquin Delta developed over twentytwo years ago, and would preclude state authorities from altering such standards notwithstanding the cumulative scientific evidence that these standards are insufficient to protect the State’s fisheries. Second, the legislation would prohibit the California State Water Resources Control Board (SWRCB) and the California Department of Fish and Wildlife (DFW) from exercising their state law duties to protect fishery resources and public trust values, not only as to CVP and SWP operations, but as to all water right holders in California. Third, the legislation would overturn settled principles of cooperative federalism by materially altering the San Joaquin River Restoration Settlement Act, an act that implements a settlement reached by the United States, several environmental organizations, and local water users resolving a dispute over application of state fishery law to federal facilities on the San Joaquin River. California supported the compromise settlement and the implementing legislation and is a partner in the San Joaquin River Restoration Program. These proposed constraints on California’s ability to manage its natural resources conflict with historic principles of western 
water law. In California v. United States (1978) 438 U.S. 645, 654, the U.S. Supreme Court affirmed California’s ability to impose state law terms and conditions on federal reclamation projects, and declared that, ‘‘[t]he history of the relationship between the Federal government and the States in the reclamation of the arid lands of the Western States is both long and involved, but through it runs the consistent thread of purposeful and continued deference to state water law by Congress.’’ California law grants the SWRCB the continuing authority to review and reconsider all water rights for the purpose of determining whether their exercise would violate the reasonable use requirement of the Article X, Section 2 of the California constitution and California’s common law doctrine of the public trust. According to the California Supreme Court, ‘‘[t]he state has an affirmative duty to take the public trust into account in the planning and allocation of water resources, and to protect public trust uses whenever feasible.’’ (National Audubon Society v. Superior Court (1983) 33 Ca1.3d 319, 446.) The California Legislature has adopted these principles as ‘‘the foundation of state water management policy.’’ (Cal. Wat. Code, 85023.) H.R. 23 would abrogate California’s ability to apply its water resource laws while purporting to maintain and protect the ability of other western states to manage their water resources. H.R. 23 provides no explanation as to why California should be subject to such disparate treatment as to its sovereign authority to manage its natural resources. In addition, H.R. 23 takes these steps in violation of settled constitutional principles of state sovereignty. Relying upon separation of powers principles set forth in the Tenth Amendment and elsewhere in the U.S. Constitution, the U.S. Supreme Court in New York v. United States has held that ‘‘even where Congress has the authority under the Constitution to pass laws requiring or prohibiting certain acts, it lacks the power directly to compel the States to require or prohibit those acts.’’ (New York v. United States (1992) 505 U.S. 144, 166–167.) In Printz v. United States, the U.S. Supreme Court expanded its ruling in New York and held that ‘‘[t]oday we hold that Congress cannot circumvent that prohibition by conscripting the States’ officers directly.’’ (Printz v. United States (1997) 521 U.S. 898, 935.) By compelling the SWP, a statefunded and managed water project, to operate based upon congressionallymandated Delta water quality standards, rather than allowing California to develop standards that reflect the most recent scientific information regarding the Delta, H.R. 23 is ‘‘requiring’’ a state agency to comply with a federal policy. By preventing the SWRCB, the DFW, and other state agencies from taking actions to protect fishery and other public trust values, H.R. 23 is ‘‘prohibiting’’ the State from enforcing state law. These provisions of H.R. 23 violate settled state sovereignty principles. Congressional passage of H.R. 23 would have, in effect, unconstitutionally ‘‘dragooned’’ state agencies and state officials ‘‘into administering federal law.’’ (Printz, supra, 521 U.S. at p. 928.) I urge you to oppose H.R. 23. Congress cannot justify the legislation’s disparate treatment of California’s sovereign authority to manage its natural resources and cannot compel California to act as its regional agent to enforce congressional policy. I ask that you affirm the longstanding congressional tradition of cooperative federalism and dual sovereignty in water and reject H.R. 23’s attempt to federalize water resource management in the California. Sincerely, XAVIER BECERRA , Attorney General. 
OFFICE OF THE GOVERNOR , July 10, 2017. Hon. PAULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR SPEAKER RYAN: I write to oppose H.R. 23, the ‘‘Gaining Responsibility on Water Act of 2017.’’ Water defines the west and for over a century Congress and the courts have consistently recognized that state law determines how water is developed and used. Western states have successfully resisted any attempted intrusion into this essential attribute of their sovereignty, including in the operation or construction of water projects involving the federal government. This bill overrides California water law, ignoring our state’s prerogative to oversee our waters. Commandeering our laws for purposes defined in Washington is not right. It is also not smart. California is the sixth largest economy in the world, and its future depends on the wise and equitable use of its water. Making decisions requires listening to and balancing among the needs of California’s nearly 40 million residents and taking into consideration economics, biodiversity and wildlife resources. All of this is best done at the state and local level—not in a polarized political climate 3,000 miles away. Undermining state law is especially unwise today as California, with input from all stakeholders, is poised to make its boldest water infrastructure investments in decades: funding surface storage, updating an antiquated delta water conveyance, and adopting wateruse efficiency targets. I ask you to respect California’s rights and shelve this bill. Sincerely, EDMUND G. B ROWN , JR. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, the only winners under this bill are actually a few large agricultural producers who will take all the water, leaving none for many others. This bill is a water grab, plain and simple. The socalled GROW Act provides no new water, but it takes the existing water and gives it to those with the best lobbyists here in Washington. Instead of this highly partisan bill, we should be taking steps to actually grow the water supply for everybody, with water recycling, with water conservation, water efficiency, many other nonideological, nonpartisan fixes, water infrastructure that can actually help deliver water to small farmers, protect our environment, and, yes, our legitimate agricultural producers as well. Unfortunately, instead, we are stuck with this socalled GROW Act, which jeopardizes fishing jobs, preempts State conservation laws, overrides the Endangered Species Act for salmon and wildlife, weakens critical safeguards under the NEPA process, and undermines water rights. In doing so, this bill would permanently destroy California’s rivers, BayDelta Estuary, needed fisheries, and the thousands of jobs that depend on those natural resources. This bill is not a balanced protection. It picks winners and losers and hands over water rights to those who are present for the backroom deals in Washington. Let’s go back to the drawing board. I come from the State of Colorado, and we know how important water is. Let’s find a way to find a bipartisan path to grow the water supply across the Western United States. b1245 Let me address the other bill that is contained in this rule, the NDAA, National Defense Authorization Act. For 56 straight years, the United States Congress has come together to craft policies and recommendations for the United States Armed Forces and to put those policies into law under the authorizing statute for our military. Without question, this bill is one of the most consequential and important items that Congress undertakes each year. Personally, I have found objections to policies, and I have been a fan of other policies contained in these bills while I have been in Congress. And I want to commend the work of my colleagues, Democratic and Republican, who serve on the Armed Services Committee for their important work on this legislation so important for our national security. Many of my colleagues on the Armed Services Committee have served or do serve in our military. Members of the committee are dedicated public servants, they are experts in their field, they travel and learn and hear from experts, and they set aside many of their political differences to do what it takes to keep America safe and secure, something that Republicans, Democrats, Independents are all committed to. We need to make sure that we give our military the tools they need to safely carry out the tasks that the Commander in Chief and elected officials ask them to undertake. I commend the committee for putting forth a bill that takes constructive steps in filling military readiness gaps, requiring strategies from the administration and the Department of Defense with regard to contingencies in several countries, and acknowledging and planning for the real climate change threat that is posed to our national security. Yet the work of the NDAA is not limited to members of the Armed Services Committee. The Members of this body as a whole, Democrats and Republicans who don’t serve on that committee, have submitted over 400 amendments to do what each one of us believes would, in some way, improve this bill and strengthen our national security. But the work of NDAA continues, and before this week is over, I expect to see the Rules Committee make in order an even greater number of these amendments. We took the first step in this rule by making a few dozen amendments in order, and we will continue that work in Rules Committee this afternoon as we thoughtfully go 
through the 400 amendments so a representative number of those from my Democratic and Republican colleagues who don’t have the opportunity to serve on the Armed Services Committee can present those ideas for consideration by the full House. But for all the hard work that the Armed Services Committee has done, what we have before us this week is essentially an argument that needs to be solved by the Budget Committee and can’t, frankly, be solved by the authorizing committee. What we are doing is we are having a very strange debate in this body. We are having effectively a budget debate within the defense bill. We are discussing authorization levels, when we know that the real discussion and battle over tradeoffs will be around the funding levels, not so much the authorization levels. One of the tricks that we worry about is by blatantly disregarding the proper use of the overseas contingency fund and by deliberately flouting limitations set by the Budget Control Act, this Armed Services authorization bill has been completely overtaken by the debate on the Federal budget. So this week we see a debate about the inability to pass a budget, adhere to a budget, and balance our budget, and, rather, we are operating kind of in this lala world of, if we had all the money in the world, here is what we would do, but as my Democratic and Republican friends know, we live in a world of tradeoffs, and we as Democrats and Republicans will need to decide what those tradeoffs are. That is not being done in this bill, and, in fact, it is one week less that we have to have those important discussions about how to actually secure America and protect our country. If the debate over armed services wasn’t such a serious topic, I would, frankly, give the Republicans kudos for building such an elaborate and complex budget scheme. It is very clever, more so than the traditional overseas contingency gimmicks that have been presented within recent years. It took me a little while to even understand what this budget gimmick was, and I am going to now seek to explain it. The Defense spending budget is capped at $549 billion by the Budget Control Act of 2011. $549 billion is the maximum that would be spent on defense. This bill authorizes $621 billion as its discretionary base budget authority. That means that the bill we are debating today goes $70 billion in spending above the spending caps that Congress agreed on. That is all deficit spending. That means Congress will increase the deficit by $70 billion under this bill, but it gets worse. The United States has been embroiled in conflict abroad since 2001, and many administrations, Democratic and Republican, have requested another pot of money that we call the overseas contingency fund. These funds, as the name indicates, are supposed to be used for paying costs that are incurred due to U.S. engagement in contingency operations, not baseline operations. And they are exempt, rightfully so, from the budget caps, because we never wanted to constrain our ability to provide funding for an unforeseen contingency situation that becomes a necessity for our national security. This year, however, the bill provides for $74 billion for this overseas contingency fund, a full $10 billion above what was even requested by the President. Now, a reminder, the Republicans haven’t actually produced a budget this year, so we can’t exactly make a comparison between the President’s budget and the Republican majority’s budget. I think one of the reasons they might be afraid to is they will show substantially increased deficits with these taxandspend Republican policies that have come to typify the Republican approach to grow our government with every new spending bill. What the NDAA does is it takes this overseas contingency account, which is often called the slush fund for the Pentagon, it adds $10 billion to that fund, but instead of paying for future contingencies, that will pay for baseline operations. Some of that $10 billion goes to the unfunded priorities of the Pentagon, things it couldn’t quite fit in the $621 billion, which already increases Federal spending by $70 billion. So it is just throwing money, Federal money, your taxpayer money, Mr. Speaker, handoverfist, without a plan, indebting future generations for spending money today. The Pentagon gets more big ticket items they want. And, likewise, it is hard to argue with funds being allocated to operations and maintenance. We are all for maintenance, we are all for readiness, but we are all for understanding the tradeoffs that we have. We cannot simply continue to spend irresponsibly, indebting future generations. At some level, Mr. Speaker, and I think this kind of throwing additional money well above and beyond the budget caps reaches that level, we make our Nation less secure rather than more secure by making us economically beholden to foreign nations and indebting future generations of Americans. Congress has set limits on how much we can spend on defense versus nondefense. So when we run out of money under this NDAA plan, either we are going to be forced to spend more, which is what you and I can predict what will happen, of course that is what is going to happen, or they are somehow going to find the money elsewhere, which I can pretty much assure you, Mr. Speaker, is not going to happen. That is a prediction that I am giving you. And not having seen a budget, by the way, this is, we think, why Republicans haven’t come up with a budget, because they know they can’t make enough devastating cuts to possibly pay for this military increase, and they certainly don’t want to put their name to paper on those cuts. And we all know what is going to happen. They won’t make those cuts, spending will go up, debt will go up. I mean, that is what we know will happen. We have been here before, seen that movie. Now, again, theoretically, Draconian cuts can be made to schools and Head Start and NASA and medical research, money fighting the opioid epidemic, homeland security, police. Yeah, theoretically they can devastate everything inside of our country, leaving a hollowedout core, a well protected hollowedout core, but I know Republicans aren’t cruel enough to do that. Instead, they are going to kick the can down the road and indebt future generations and make our country less secure by borrowing money from China and Saudi Arabia to fund today’s military, making us economically beholden to the very foreign powers that represent a real geopolitical threat to American interests. That is why budgets matter, that is why these budget gimmicks that are being used through the overseas contingency fund matter, and that is why we need to have a budget debate, not a fake budget debate in the context of a national defense debate, which is what is being done here today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman referred to what this would do to the budget. I would point out to the gentleman, and I think I did this in committee yesterday, that if this is passed, it will only be 16.8 percent of total Federal outlays, which means the single most important thing that we do here in government only gets less than 20 percent of the money that we are going to spend. So I don’t think it is asking too much of ourselves, as the people responsible for providing for the defense of America, that we spend 16.8 percent of all the Federal money we are going to spend next year on making the American people safe and secure. He spoke about tradeoffs. Let me tell you one tradeoff I don’t think any of us should be willing to make, and that is trading off the safety and security of the American people for trying to keep some other overspending in some other part of the budget going. We need to focus today, and in this bill, on what it takes to authorize the defense and the safety and security of the American people, and I believe this bill does that, as did all but one of my colleagues on the House Armed Services Committee. So I believe that we have struck the appropriate balance here that does all that. Yes, we have got some budget things we need to take care of. That is for later. For today, we are going to focus on defending the American people. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. AUSTIN  
SCOTT), my colleague on the Armed Services Committee. Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ) for his work on the National Defense Authorization Act. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my fellow Members to support the fiscal year 2018 National Defense Authorization Act. After nearly 13 hours of debate, my colleagues and I on the Armed Services Committee, we came together, we passed the legislation to provide critical resources and reforms for our Nation’s military to undertake the 21st century threats that our country and the world faces. Part of facing these challenges is ensuring that our military personnel are able to combat the dangerous and illegal actions of transnational criminal organizations, particularly those close to home in the SOUTHCOM region. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman who spoke earlier about the opioid epidemic. I would just remind my fellow Americans that over 5,000 Americans die every month from drug overdoses. Just a few months ago, I, along with the gentleman from Texas (Mr. VEASEY ), had the opportunity to visit with the Joint Interagency Task Force South and SOUTHCOM’s headquarters in Florida to hear and see firsthand the challenges that migrant and drug interdiction within the Caribbean region pose on homeland and national security. Included in the fiscal year 2018 National Defense Authorization Act is a provision that I authored aimed at addressing the threat these transnational criminal organizations pose on our country and seeking to find new ways to support SOUTHCOM in their continuing efforts to tackle those threats headon. To all of the members of the SOUTHCOM team, I want to thank you for the important work that you do in securing our coastlines, supporting our national security, and protecting your fellow Americans. To my colleagues, I urge your support in passage of the fiscal year 2018 NDAA to keep the U.S. military the best and most prepared fighting force in the world. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GALLEGO ), a distinguished member of the Armed Services Committee. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, this rule is a travesty. If we vote to approve it, an amendment unanimously supported by the Armed Services Committee—unanimously, all Democrats and all Republicans would compromise language—to prevent President Trump from using our military’s money to build his border wall will suddenly vanish. It is a legislative magic trick, a sneaky gimmick designed to disguise their actions. Once again, Speaker RYAN and the House Republicans are doing President Trump’s dirty work. They want to make sure that Trump can build his wall, but they are also desperate to avoid a clean upordown vote on this issue. They are hiding from the American voters. They didn’t have the courage to oppose my amendment in committee or even on the House floor. They passed this rule late at night with hardly anyone watching, in typical Republican fashion. Republicans are resorting to deceptive legislative tactics to do Trump’s bidding just for his small, fragile ego. Mr. Speaker, this selfexecuting rule, if it comes to fruition, is going to attempt to slip one past Congress and the American people. Just 6 months into this administration, it is already abundantly clear that Mexico won’t pay for Trump’s stupid, dumb border wall. We must not allow precious resources to be robbed from our troops simply to score political points for Trump’s ego. Mr. Speaker, with Mexico refusing to entertain this absurd policy and without a direct appropriation from Congress, President Trump is going to get desperate. His administration will inevitably seek to pull money from other sources to make good on his promise to build this wall, including from the Defense budget. That is why my amendment was so crucial. It would simply ensure that DOD resources aren’t siphoned off for a pointless wall that we don’t need and cannot afford. It was supported by Democrats and Republicans alike, the ranking member and the chairman. As a Member of Congress, we have a sacred responsibility to ensure that money meant to address real national security challenges isn’t diverted to combat imaginary ones that the President has created. b1300 As a Marine Corps veteran, I believe it would be an insult to our members of the military if their resources were reallocated to build a wall that we don’t need, that won’t bring us more security, when we have tens of thousands of military members that are currently still on food stamps while serving this country. Mr. Speaker, make no mistake: a vote for this rule is a vote to build the wall and take precious resources from the Department of Defense budget. Please vote ‘‘no.’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the comments of my colleague from Arizona. This was not done in the middle of the night in secrecy. This was done in full committee with cameras watching us, and done early in the evening with full debate, so I disagree with him about that. Let’s talk about the wall for a second. I support President Trump and what he is trying to do with the wall. I hope we get to a point where we can deal with that. This is a defense authorization bill. This is not a wall authorization bill. The wall is already authorized. We don’t need an authorization bill for the wall. It is already there. The next step for us to take for the wall is an appropriations bill, and this is not an appropriations bill. So what the Rules Committee has done is made it clear that we are not going to deal with the wall one way or the other in the National Defense Authorization Act. That is not the proper place for it. That is not the proper place to be spending money for it. There is another part of our budget, another law for us to deal with there. So I hope that we all will understand that what we have done is made it clear there is nothing in this bill— nothing—about a wall, nor should there be anything in this bill about a wall, because that is for another committee, another bill, another time, and another place. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Ms. CHENEY), our newest member of the Armed Services Committee and the Rules Committee. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank very much my colleague from both the Rules Committee and the Armed Services Committee, Mr. BYRNE , for his work on this bill. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to support both of these underlying bills, and I want to speak particularly about the National Defense Authorization Act. We are, today, living in a world where we face a more complex array of threats than at any time in the last 70 years. The obligation that we have to our men and women in uniform, to make sure that we provide them with the resources that they need to defend this Nation, is a more solemn obligation than any other we have. There are many things that we were elected to do when we came to Washington, and we have done many of those things in this Congress. We have been a historically productive Congress in the months that we have been here. We have passed repeal and replace of healthcare reform, we have passed the repeal bill for DoddFrank, we have begun our important work on immigration reform, and we have done tremendous work on regulatory reform to lift the burden of the massive overreach of the Obama years. But there is nothing that we do that is more important than providing the resources for our men and women in uniform. This bill is a very important first step in that direction. 
I want to mention a couple of things that this bill does in particular. In the aftermath of the ICBM test, the first successful North Korean ICBM test, one of the most important challenges we face as a nation is ensuring that we have provided for the defense of this Nation with respect to missile defense. This bill adds $2.5 billion above the administration’s request for missile defense. It focuses on including additional interceptors for existing systems, as well as research for new technologies. Total missile defense is still below the funding levels during the Bush administration. This bill is a very important first step, but, Mr. Speaker, we have got to do much more. We also, in this bill, begin the process of providing the necessary additional resources and top line to begin to rebuild. We have not had a defense budget, Mr. Speaker, since 2011 that was based upon the Pentagon being able to assess the threats and telling us what we need to do to be able to defend against those threats. We have now, because we are living under the Budget Control Act, had a Defense Department, instead, that has been obligated to fund at levels that are arbitrary and to cut at levels that are arbitrary. No nation can responsibly live under that system. The next thing we have got to do is repeal the Budget Control Act. We have got to recognize that we have a huge and growing debt crisis, a huge fiscal crisis, but that crisis is not being driven by our defense budget. The Budget Control Act has been ineffective at getting at what we need to do in terms of reducing the debt. Instead, it has gutted our defense. We are in a world today where the North Koreans, the Iranians, the Russians, the Chinese, ISIS, and alQaida are all continuing to make strides against us, Mr. Speaker. One of the things that I am often asked as a new Member of this body is what has surprised me most in my time in Congress. I came to this body, Mr. Speaker, as somebody who has spent a lot of time focused on national security and defense issues, as someone who spent a large part of her career really invested in and studying and learning these issues, and I thought, Mr. Speaker, that I was relatively well informed about these issues. I have been stunned, Mr. Speaker, as a member of the House Armed Services Committee, briefing after briefing after briefing, at the extent to which we have fallen so far behind. And I think it is critically important for my colleagues, Mr. Speaker, and for the American people to understand the extent to which our adversaries are, today, fielding and developing capabilities and systems against which we cannot, may not be able to defend. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I want to read something that Ronald Reagan said back in 1982 on an issue when they were having similar issues and debates and discussions about defense spending. He said: ‘‘Now, I realize that many wellmeaning people deplore the expenditure of huge sums of money for military purposes at a time of economic hardship. Similar voices were heard in the 1930s, when economic conditions were far worse than anything we’re experiencing today. But the result of heeding those voices then was a disastrous military imbalance that tempted the forces of tyranny and evil and plunged the world into a ruinous war. . . . We must never repeat that experience.’’ Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to remember that weakness is provocative, that it is when we are strong that we are most able to protect ourselves and to defend ourselves, and we must learn the lessons of the past. Passing this rule and passing the underlying legislation, this National Defense Authorization Act, is the first step in that direction. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in the affirmative and to ensure that we do everything we can to defend our Nation and to make sure that we defend freedom for the next generation. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCNERNEY ). Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, we are here with H.R. 23 again discussing attempts to override State and Federal environmental law. The House and Senate negotiated additional pumping flexibility in last year’s WIIN Act. This group has stated for years that they just want a little additional flexibility in environmental law, which actually means weakening or eliminating environmental law. They ignore the damage this would cause to California’s delta region, its families, and its farmers. We heard last year that governments are set up for the benefit of the people, but this means all of the people, not just a few people at the expense of others. The person nominated to Deputy Secretary at the Department of the Interior worked for Westlands Water District just last December. He would make decisions to pump more water to Westlands, the Nation’s largest water district—a clear conflict of interest, and a clear threat to farmers and residents in the delta. This is also a clear example of what is wrong with H.R. 23. It will negate environmental protections; it will hurt one region to benefit another; and it allows corruption to seep into the Federal Government. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to oppose H.R. 23 for these reasons. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, in April, President Trump and congressional Republicans rolled back the FCC’s rule to protect Americans’ personal information and their internet browsing history. By doing so, they effectively sold personal privacy to the highest corporate bidder. Today is Net Neutrality Day of Action, protesting the FCC’s proposal to end equal access to online content, which would destroy the internet as we know it. What better day to also protect the future of our privacy by undoing the Republicans’ reckless rollback that placed cable profits above our privacy and consumer protections. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up Representative ROSEN ’s Restoring American Privacy Act, H.R. 1868. This bill will restore Americans’ privacy protections and tell internet service providers they can’t sell their customers’ personal information without the knowledge and consent of the customers. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. SCHWEIKERT ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, to discuss our proposal, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. ROSEN ). Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Speaker, if today’s vote on the previous question fails, instead of voting on a partisan bill that rolls back key environmental laws, overturns State law, and ignores real solutions to our water supply shortages in the West, we will have the opportunity to vote on my bill, H.R. 1868, the Restoring American Privacy Act of 2017. This bipartisan legislation will reverse the President’s decision to assign a disastrous resolution allowing internet providers to sell their customers’ personal information without their acknowledge or without their consent. As a former computer programmer and someone who has firsthand experience writing code, I can tell you that the first step towards protecting vulnerable and sensitive data is to make sure it remains private. S.J. Res. 34, which now, unfortunately, is the law, prevents vital online protections for millions of Americans nationwide from taking effect later this year. The resolution, signed by the President, negating FCC broadband consumer privacy rules is not only wrong and a blatant violation of privacy, but it jeopardizes Americans’ personal data and puts them at risk of hacking. The October 2016 rule was the only rule that required internet service providers to obtain consumers’ permission before selling their private internet browsing history and other sensitive information, including geolocation and amp usage. I am simply shocked that most of my colleagues across the aisle voted for a 
measure that violates Americans’ privacy by selling our most intimate and personal information, all without our consent. Repealing the FCC rule with S.J. Res. 34 now allows broadband providers to turn private personal information over to the highest bidder—or anybody they want, including the government— without a warrant and without ever telling you. That is right. Without this rule that President Trump and most Republicans in Congress blocked, internet service providers don’t need to ask for permission to collect and share sensitive personal information. Even worse, the passage of this resolution also told providers they no longer have to use reasonable measures to protect consumers’ personal data. This is absolutely unacceptable. We are living in a time where identity theft and internet hacking have become the new norm. Shortly after President Trump and Republicans repealed these consumer protections, we experienced a massive ransomware attack that caused major damage to businesses and companies around the world. No American wants their most personal information to be up for grabs. By using the Congressional Review Act to eliminate this rule, the FCC is now prevented from publishing rules that are substantially the same absent additional legislation, establishing a dangerous precedent for private citizens. Americans should have the right to decide how their internet providers use their personal information, especially since many people can’t choose their own broadband provider. What my bill does, Mr. Speaker, is simple. H.R. 1868 makes it clear that the American people’s browsing histories are not for sale; the American people’s personal information is not for sale; the American people’s financial information is not for sale; and the American people’s location data is not for sale. It is a very simple concept, one that I hope my colleagues across the aisle will recognize and support. The American people don’t want the legislation that was signed into law this last spring. In overwhelming numbers, they are calling Congress and letting it be known they want to keep their private information private. I am proud to stand up for the American people, and I hope you take up the Restoring American Privacy Act of 2017 for consideration. This is commonsense, bipartisan legislation that will reverse a misguided resolution by saying, once and for all, that ISPs cannot sell customers’ personal information without their knowledge and without their permission. This bill says that your privacy is not for sale, period. b1315 Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I appreciate the gentlewoman’s comments and concerns about protecting all of our privacy on the internet. I think we all should be about that. But instead of having a misguided and unauthorized regulatory action that left vast gaps in this system, we should have a comprehensive bill to deal with it. That bill is not before the House today. What is before the House today in this rule are two bills: one that deals with the drought in the West, which is very important; and the second is provide for the safety and security of the American people. So that is what we are here today about. I appreciate her concerns about that. I join with her, and I hope that we have a bill on this floor that comprehensively deals with the issues that she brought up, but now is not the time, these are not the bills, and this is not the rule to deal with it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ). Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, first of all, I want to acknowledge the good work of Chairman THORNBERRY and Ranking Member SMITH in the Armed Services Committee. As my colleague from Alabama said, there is nothing more important than having a secure national defense to protect the American people. But this bill does have problems. Many of them are not created by the Armed Services Committee. They are created by us in Congress. It has been catastrophic for us to have the millstone of the Budget Control Act that is limiting the ability of Congress to make decisions about where to spend more or where to spend less, and two things are happening as a result of that. Number one, we abdicate our responsibility. In some places we should be spending more, but in many other places we should be spending less. The second thing, Mr. Speaker, is that we put in straitjackets our managers at the Pentagon and in other programs because we micromanage where they must spend money. If we are going to give them a challenge—the budget cap right now is $549 billion; this bill suggests that we spend close to $700 billion—we have got to give them managerial flexibility and stability. The Budget Control Act is the ‘‘Budget Paralysis Act.’’ That is on all of us here in Congress. Now, a second thing, this bill, in that context, where we are going to blow through that cap but do nothing about our ability to make decisions on the taxes and spending, means that this gets cut totally out of domestic spending. In my view, General Mattis’ view is that is bad for national defense. We plusup the Defense budget, but we take a hatchet to the State Department budget, not something that you can address in the Armed Services bill, I understand. But the effect of it, as General Mattis said: We have to buy more bullets. So this is a symptom of the problem that we have got to face squarely. The other issue in this bill is that it hasn’t given us a policy of what is our exit strategy in Afghanistan. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Vermont. Mr. WELCH. What is our policy? We are sleepwalking into an escalation. That has failed us before. We have to have that debate now. Where is the money coming from? $150 billion is just going to magically appear. No discussion about that. And this bill does not acknowledge the absolute vital importance of domestic and diplomatic programs to our national security. I applaud the committee and the chairman and the ranking member for some very good work they did. I criticize us in Congress for putting the straitjacket on them so they can’t do the job right. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I strongly agree with my colleague from Vermont’s remarks regarding the Budget Control Act. It was passed for a good intention, but it has worked out quite differently from what people thought it was going to accomplish. It is time for us to take responsibility, as the gentleman from Vermont said, and to do what we are supposed to do to make the priority decisions about what is important for America and what is not. Providing for the safety and security of the people of America, that is important. And if we have to make cuts in other parts of our budget to make sure we are doing that, first and foremost, I am happy to do it. The gentleman is absolutely right about micromanagement. We have been micromanaging the people that we charge with defending America with how they are going to carry out combat responsibilities, particularly in the Middle East. President Trump, I think, quite rightly, has delegated many of those decisions down to Secretary Mattis so that our combatant commanders can make the decisions they have got to make as and when they need to make them. I understand what he is saying about the State Department budget, something that we all should be concerned about. The appropriate time to talk about that is when the appropriations bill for the State Department is here, not when we are talking about the National Defense Authorization Act. Finally, with regard to Afghanistan, which if I may make a little bit broader and talk about the Middle East in general, it is time for a new AUMF. The AUMFs that were passed in this Congress over 15 years ago were for a different time, with different circumstances altogether. And I do sense 
a bipartisan urging for us to do that, but this is not the right time for us to do it on this particular piece of legislation. I hope that at a future time the Foreign Affairs Committee, that has appropriate jurisdiction over that issue, will come forward with an AUMF that we can all discuss because we are now not just in Afghanistan and Iraq, we are in Syria, we are in Yemen, we are in Libya, we are in Somalia, where we have had some past history that is not so good. We all—everybody, not just from the Armed Services Committee—need to understand these threats to our country and what we are going to do about them, have a strategy with a clear endgame, which we need and we haven’t had for the last several years. Then we should authorize it because only Congress has the power to declare war. We should authorize it. And by authorizing it, we not only take responsibility, but we communicate to our friends and our foes alike, and to those servicemen and women who put themselves at risk out there that we are behind it. We, as the Representatives of the American people, are behind it. So I hope that we can do that, but it won’t be in this particular bill. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman’s remarks, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This bill has several other policies I want to address. For one, it ties our participation in the critical New START with Russia to a separate Europefocused treaty that Russia is not in compliance with. The New START is a nuclear arms reduction treaty between our Nation and Russia, and we should not remove ourselves from that, from an agreement that allows us to inspect and gather information about Russia’s nuclear facilities. In addition, this rule, if adopted, would fail to extend the Special Survivor Indemnity Allowance, causing it to expire in May of 2018. The Special Survivor Indemnity Allowance is a program that was originally created in the NDAA, and goes a long way to helping to mitigate the problems that recipients of the Defense Department’s Survivor Benefit Plan face. There are other provisions of this bill which I object to in their current form but are going to be debated through amendments very likely over the course of the next week. For instance, the bill currently prevents the transfer of any detainees at the Guantanamo Bay detention facility. This detention facility that is extralegal should be closed, not repopulated, and we certainly will have that debate this week. This bill, unfortunately, also authorizes far too many funds and continues to overfund our nuclear weapons activities, costing taxpayers hundreds of billions of dollars, in fact, as much as $1 trillion over the next 30 years, for a stockpile of weapons that, even if substantially cut, would be enough to end life on the planet. I testified before the Appropriations Subcommittee with regard to this matter and argued how can we possibly go before the taxpayers back home and say we need to overfund our nuclear arsenal to destroy the world seven times instead of five, or five times instead of three. One would think that ending life on the planet once would be more than enough, and it is hard to argue from taxpayers that they should, in fact, pay for this planet’s destruction multiple times. We also continue to use force in our ongoing operations in Iraq, Syria, and elsewhere. I join my colleagues from the other side of the aisle in calling for an updated Authorization for Use of Military Force. To date, Congress has taken zero meaningful actions toward achieving that, yet we hear on this floor regularly from my friend from Alabama and others that Republicans and Democrats need to do that, especially before we put another soldier in harm’s way. That is the role of this body, and it is time to stop avoiding the task of writing an Authorization for Use of Military Force. Have that debate and make it happen. These are the types of questions we should be debating, but instead we are continuing to avoid those and plunging our Nation deeper into debt without a real budget plan. Instead of focusing on real questions about how to improve our defense, the general debate on this bill will largely focus on budget tricks. This debate on this budget should happen on the floor, in the Budget Committee, in a budget passed by this body. One of the amendments I offered with my colleague, Ms. LEE, that we will be debating, would cut 1 percent of the money authorized in that bill. That would help. It would be a starting point. It would still be a spending level above the budget caps, but at least 1 percent in the record, reckless deficits from this Republican spending bill. At some point we have to make decisions about tradeoffs, about the directions of our budgets, our entitlements, our discretionary, our revenues, our defense, and our nondefense. We can’t resign ourselves to plunging future generations into further debt. My amendment with Ms. LEEis a small, first step taking a stand against unsustainable budget levels that make our Nation less secure rather than more secure. It is the wrong way to do things. It is the wrong time to have this debate. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this rule so we can go back to the starting board and discuss the items that my Republican colleagues agree are important in terms of the use of the Authorization for Use of Military Force, ending the budget gimmicks, and figuring out how to balance the budget, rather than plunge our Nation deeper into debt. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no,’’ and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. If I may make sure that we are all clear about where we are on the START; the START runs through 2021. That is 4 years from now. What the bill says is that if we find that Russia is in violation of the INF Treaty—and there is some indication that that is true— that we wouldn’t extend it beyond 2021. But that is 4 years from now. So what does that mean? This is a shot across the bow to Russia. We are telling Russia: If you continue to violate the INF Treaty, we are not going to extend with you on START. This is telling them: We are not going to let you get away with this. And I would think, at this point, after all that we have heard, we would want to stand up to Russia, and this is a very vital way to do that. Secondly, about the GTMO issue that he brought up, there are two amendments made in order by this rule for us to discuss GTMO, and I believe we are going to have that debate tonight. Now, I don’t agree with the amendments, but we made them in order so we can have that debate on this floor. So we are going to debate GTMO. My prediction is that we are going to defeat both of those amendments, but the people on the other side of the aisle have been given a great opportunity to make their argument that we shouldn’t do that. Nukes. Why are we trying to modernize our nuclear force? Because our adversaries are modernizing theirs, and if we don’t, we are not doing the proper thing to protect the people of the United States. And then the gentleman talks about the budget bills. Now, there is a budget bill coming. Now, the budget bill is for the next fiscal year, October 1, 2017. That is several weeks from now. We have got time to pass a budget for next fiscal year. But the way we have everything set up here, we try to move these defense bills about this time of year so that we can do what we have got to do to make sure we have communicated to the military what they are going to have to do their jobs. If I may walk briefly around the world to remind us about where we are. Kim Jongun has continued to test missiles throughout last year and this year, and he is getting better. And what he seeks is not just to strike South Korea or Japan, he wants to strike America. That is why you have an ICBM if you are in North Korea. We need to step up to the plate and do more in missile defense and more in other things to make sure we are doing everything we can to protect America from an attack from North Korea. China wants to take control of the South China Sea and the East China Sea. What does that mean to us for America? 
Forty percent of the trade in the world moves through those two oceans. The greatest population center in the world is right there. It is where we want to do more business, where people there want to do more business with us; and not having a robust military presence there means we cede that part of the world to China. I guess we could pull back to where we were on December 6, 1941, when we didn’t have a presence in Guam and Japan and South Korea and Singapore. Or we could take the understanding from what happened that terrible day on December 7, 1941, that we have to be thinking now for the challenge to us then and, by making those preparations and making sure we have the defense in place, we keep December 7, 1941, from happening again. Then we have our good friends in Russia, as they push not only into Eastern Europe, but now into the Middle East. It used to be we thought that Russia was kind of off the table; you know, the Soviet Union collapsed; didn’t have to worry about Russia anymore. Russia is back. They are back in many different military ways, in their navy, in their missiles, and what they are doing with their armed forces, including the little green men in Ukraine. We need to take that threat seriously, as we haven’t had to take it for years. And then there is the Middle East. We know what is happening today in Mosul and in Raqqa. Perhaps ISIS is being pushed out of those places, but it is not disappearing. It is not going away as a threat, any more than al Qaida has gone away as a threat. We still have terrorist groups like them and others who seek to do harm to the American people, whether it is over there or over here, and we have to provide for the defense against that. Then there is Iran; Iran that, because of an illconsidered agreement reached with them by the Obama administration, now is on a path to get an ICBM of its own, which it doesn’t need to strike Israel. It needs an ICBM to strike us. b1330 Then they get as close as they want to under that agreement that we reached with them. Right up to the edge of violation, where they perfect their nuclear technology, they decide in a short period of time to violate it, put a nuclear weapon on one of those ICBMs and threaten us directly. That and a host of other threats are what we are talking about in this bill. We have never faced such a complex set of threats since the end of World War II. It is not my word. It is the word of countless experts who have come before our committee. We have to do this. The American people expect us to do this. Like many other people in this body, I do tele townhalls. At my last two teletownhalls, I have asked this openended question: What is the most important issue to you? We give them a broad range of issues to pick from: healthcare, tax reform, you name it. The number one issue in those two teletownhalls, by far, for the people in my district was national security. They see what is happening in North Korea. They see what is happening in the Middle East. They know what Russia is up to. They are worried about China, and they want to know what we are doing. This bill that this rule provides for does what we need to do to protect the American people. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate everything that I have heard today from my colleagues on both sides of the aisle because I know people on both sides of the aisle care a great deal about these issues. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support House Resolution 431 and the underlying bill. The material previously referred to by Mr. POLIS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 431 O FFERED BY  MR. POLIS At the end of the resolution, add the following new sections: SEC. 6. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1868) to provide that providers of broadband Internet access service shall be subject to the privacy rules adopted by the Federal Communications Commission on October 27, 2016. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the fiveminute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. SEC. 7. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 1868. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT ITREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia). The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2430) to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to revise and extend the userfee programs for prescription drugs, medical devices, generic drugs, and biosimilar biological products, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2430 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘FDA Reauthorization Act of 2017’’. 
The table of contents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. TITLE I—FEES RELATING TO DRUGS Sec. 101. Short title; finding. Sec. 102. Authority to assess and use drug fees. Sec. 103. Reauthorization; reporting requirements. Sec. 104. Sunset dates. Sec. 105. Effective date. Sec. 106. Savings clause. TITLE II—FEES RELATING TO DEVICES Sec. 201. Short title; finding. Sec. 202. Definitions. Sec. 203. Authority to assess and use device fees. Sec. 204. Reauthorization; reporting requirements. Sec. 205. Conformity assessment pilot program. Sec. 206. Reauthorization of review. Sec. 207. Electronic format for submissions. Sec. 208. Savings clause. Sec. 209. Effective date. Sec. 210. Sunset dates. TITLE III—FEES RELATING TO GENERIC DRUGS Sec. 301. Short title; finding. Sec. 302. Definitions. Sec. 303. Authority to assess and use human generic drug fees. Sec. 304. Reauthorization; reporting requirements. Sec. 305. Sunset dates. Sec. 306. Effective date. Sec. 307. Savings clause. TITLE IV—FEES RELATING TO BIOSIMILAR BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS Sec. 401. Short title; finding. Sec. 402. Definitions. Sec. 403. Authority to assess and use biosimilar fees. Sec. 404. Reauthorization; reporting requirements. Sec. 405. Sunset dates. Sec. 406. Effective date. Sec. 407. Savings clause. TITLE V—PEDIATRIC DRUGS AND DEVICES Sec. 501. Best pharmaceuticals for children. Sec. 502. Pediatric devices. Sec. 503. Early meeting on pediatric study plan. Sec. 504. Development of drugs and biological products for pediatric cancers. Sec. 505. Additional provisions on development of drugs and biological products for pediatric use. TITLE VI—REAUTHORIZATIONS AND IMPROVEMENTS RELATED TO DRUGS Sec. 601. Reauthorization of provision relating to exclusivity of certain drugs containing single enantiomers. Sec. 602. Reauthorization of the critical path publicprivate partnerships. Sec. 603. Reauthorization of orphan grants program. Sec. 604. Protecting and strengthening the drug supply chain. Sec. 605. Patient experience data. Sec. 606. Communication plans. Sec. 607. Orphan drugs. Sec. 608. Pediatric information added to labeling. Sec. 609. Sense of Congress on lowering the cost of prescription drugs. Sec. 610. Expanded access. Sec. 611. Tropical disease product application. TITLE VII—DEVICE INSPECTION AND REGULATORY IMPROVEMENTS Sec. 701. Riskbased inspections for devices. Sec. 702. Improvements to inspections process for device establishments. Sec. 703. Reauthorization of inspection program. Sec. 704. Certificates to foreign governments for devices. Sec. 705. Facilitating international harmonization. Sec. 706. Fostering innovation in medical imaging. Sec. 707. Riskbased classification of accessories. Sec. 708. Device pilot projects. Sec. 709. Regulation of overthecounter hearing aids. Sec. 710. Report on servicing of devices. TITLE VIII—IMPROVING GENERIC DRUG ACCESS Sec. 801. Priority review of generic drugs. Sec. 802. Enhancing regulatory transparency to enhance generic competition. Sec. 803. Competitive generic therapies. Sec. 804. Accurate information about drugs with limited competition. Sec. 805. Suitability petitions. Sec. 806. Inspections. Sec. 807. Reporting on pending generic drug applications and priority review applications. Sec. 808. Incentivizing competitive generic drug development. Sec. 809. GAO study of issues regarding first cycle approvals of generic medicines. TITLE IX—ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS Sec. 901. Technical corrections. Sec. 902. Annual report on inspections. Sec. 903. Streamlining and improving consistency in performance reporting. Sec. 904. Analysis of use of funds. Sec. 905. Facilities management. TITLE I—FEES RELATING TO DRUGS 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This title may be cited as the ‘‘Prescription Drug User Fee Amendments of 2017’’. (b) FINDING .—The Congress finds that the fees authorized by the amendments made in this title will be dedicated toward expediting the drug development process and the process for the review of human drug applications, including postmarket drug safety activities, as set forth in the goals identified for purposes of part 2 of subchapter C of chapter VII of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, in the letters from the Secretary of Health and Human Services to the Chairman of the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Chairman of the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives, as set forth in the Congressional Record. 
SEC. 102. AUTHORITY TO ASSESS AND USE DRUG FEES. 


The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material in the RECORD  on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2430, the FDA Reauthorization Act—FDARA—of 2017. While it may not be headline news, for almost a year now, the Energy and Commerce Committee has been working in a bipartisan fashion on this critical legislation which will build on the landmark 21st Century Cures Act. The FDARA will ensure that innovative and lower cost treatments, as well as lifesaving medical technologies, reach patients sooner. Last month we reported this bill out of committee on a 54–0 vote. Unanimously, Mr. Speaker. For starters, the FDARA updates and reauthorizes four user fee programs at the Food and Drug Administration. Though they sound like just another set of wonky Washington acronyms, the UFAs, as they are called—user fee agreements—are absolutely critical to the Food and Drug Administration’s timely and consistent review of brand and generic drugs, biosimilars, and medical devices. They also maintain the agency’s gold standard of patient safety. Before the generic drug user fee program was established 5 years ago, there were literally thousands of applications pending at that agency—thousands. Significant strides have been made to clear that backlog, and the FDARA will build on that progress so that generics come to market as soon as safely possible. Make no doubt about it, this bill will increase competition and it will provide lower cost alternative medications to patients. Through a series of hearings and markups at the Energy and Commerce Committee, Members on both sides of the aisle proposed a number of additional provisions to improve the processes at the FDA and to strengthen this legislation in ways that will benefit patients, medical product manufacturers, and the agency itself. For example, my colleague from Oregon (Mr. SCHRADER ), who I know is on the floor, partnered with the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILIRAKIS ) on meaningful ways to incentivize generic entry into markets where competition was lacking and patients were being exploited by bad actors. I thank them for their work on this effort. Their work will save patients money, and their work will get new products into the market sooner. In addition, there are a number of improvements to the regulation of various medical technologies that will expand access, that will streamline bureaucratic processes, and that will lower costs. Further, this legislation includes provisions that have been championed by Republicans and Democrats alike in both Chambers throughout their discussions on the user fee agreements, including a range of improvements to the pediatric drug and device development process, and guidance on ways to expand patient access to clinical trials. 
Finally, this legislation includes a revised version of the RACE for Children Act that Representatives MCCAUL, MULLIN , and B UTTERFIELD have worked tirelessly on for quite some time. H.R. 2430 is the product of significant bipartisan and bicameral discussions with a wide range of stakeholders that went throughout regular order at the committee after a series of substantive hearings and then received a unanimous vote. Which, Mr. Speaker, is probably why nobody will ever read about this or see it on television, because we actually worked together and did it in a bipartisan way and achieved the unanimous vote that will bring drugs and devices to patients quicker, sooner, and safer in the long run. This legislation is yet another example of Congress getting good things done. We are working together. And it is important to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their work on this legislation, particularly full committee Ranking Member PALLONE , Health Subcommittee Ranking Member GREEN , Health Subcommittee Chairman BURGESS . This bipartisan work has produced a big win for patients. The FDARA will help bring lower cost generic drug alternatives and biosimilars to market faster, increasing competition, lowering drug costs. It will streamline the process for reviewing or approving new treatments and cures for patients, ultimately delivering new and innovative therapies, drugs, and devices to patients more quickly. Finally, this bill is a big win for the millions of Americans working in the healthcare sector and the drug and device manufacturers that help us live better and healthier lives. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ I want my colleagues and all Americans to know this is just step one in a longterm effort in our committee to help patients get access to better medicines and lower costs. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2430, the FDA Reauthorization Act, a bill that would allow the FDA to continue its critical mission of reviewing and approving drugs and medical devices that save lives and improve the quality of life for many Americans. The legislation before us today is the product of compromise and almost 2 years of work between FDA, Congress, industry, and other stakeholders. The FDA Reauthorization Act reauthorizes FDA’s medical product user fee agreements, providing FDA with the resources the agency needs to continue its critical public health work and hire the necessary scientists and review staff, and improve the certainty and efficiency of the drug review process. The sixth reauthorization of the Prescription Drug User Fee Act will maintain current review timelines, modernize the user fee structure, and build on the work of 21st Century Cures Act by investing resources in the development of biomarkers and innovative clinical trial designs. The fourth reauthorization of the Medical Device User Fee Amendments includes some important new policies that will help to increase the consistency, efficiency, and effectiveness of drug and medical device reviews. The bill advances the use of the patient perspective and the riskbenefit assessment of medical devices. It establishes a system utilizing real world data for premarket approval of new uses and postmarket safety monitoring, and it improves presubmission communication with manufacturers in an effort to expedite the review process. This legislation also reauthorizes two of our newer user fee programs for generics and biosimilars. Both of these programs strive to expedite access to highquality, lowercost drugs for American families. The FDARA will also allow the agency to undertake new initiatives to create a category of overthecounter hearing aids, advance the development of pediatric cancer treatments, and provide greater assistance and incentives to encourage additional competition for generic drugs. Since this is a bipartisan compromise—and I want to stress that—as my colleague Mr. WALDEN said, it really is important and people should take note that this is a major piece of legislation that is being done on a bipartisan basis by our committee. But it does not address every issue that I would have liked. It also includes troublesome language prohibiting the FDA from making the investments the agency needs as part of future user fee agreements. It is important that the FDA maintain a work environment that allows the agency to recruit and retain the world’s best and brightest. I am concerned that this final agreement preserves language advanced in the Senate bill that will make it difficult in the future for the FDA to make the investments needed to recruit personnel and meet performance goals set out in the user fee reauthorizations. This is a concern, again, that was put in by the Senate that I hope we can address in the future. But I do want to stress, at the end of the day, that this final product represents all of the significant discussions and compromises that were made, and, of course, the legislation that is going to be effective is the result of compromise. I am pleased that we are considering this in a very timely fashion, because, as I mentioned, we don’t want the personnel who work at the FDA to be affected; and if we do this in a timely fashion, they won’t have to worry about pink slips or their jobs. Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2430 so that we can continue to give the FDA the tools and resources it needs to continue doing the critical work of reviewing and improving lifesaving drugs and medical devices. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from New Jersey for his good work and kind comments on our legislation that we put together. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BARTON ), the former chairman of the full committee. (Mr. BARTON asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BARTON. Mr. Speaker, I commend Chairman WALDEN and Ranking Member PALLONE , along with subcommittee Chairman BURGESS and subcommittee Ranking Member GREEN for their excellent leadership on this piece of legislation. If you look at the front page of The Washington Post this morning, you will see on the lefthand column the story about a miracle living drug to help cure cancer in children that have leukemia. In the legislation before us, as the chairman just pointed out, there is the RACE for Children Act, which was introduced by Congressmen MCCAUL, BUTTERFIELD , and M ULLIN , and which I am a original cosponsor, that will make it possible to help children sooner. This particular drug that is discussed on the front page of The Washington Post took decades to develop and has just now been approved. How many thousands of children have died while that drug was being developed? The legislation before us includes, as I said, the RACE for Children Act, which will make it possible to bring these innovative drugs to market much more quickly. Mr. Speaker, I commend all the leaders and the members of the committee for this bipartisan piece of legislation, as Mr. PALLONE has just pointed out. I am proud to vote for it, and I encourage all Members of the House to do the same. b1345 Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GENEGREEN ), the ranking member of the Health Subcommittee. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2430, the FDA Reauthorization Act of 2017. For many months, we have worked on a bipartisan basis to negotiate and prepare for the four FDA user fee agreements for reauthorization, across party lines, and you are seeing that. That is why I am proud to be a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee. We will fight when we have to, but we also can work together on things that are really important to our country. 
These programs must be reauthorized in a timely manner to avoid a meltdown of the medical product development pipeline. We have had great collaboration and strong bipartisan working relationships throughout the process, from the publication of the goals letters, to the hearings, and the markups in the Health Subcommittee, all the way through the unanimous vote out of the Energy and Commerce Committee last month. Since the first PDUFA was established in 1992, Congress has created additional user fee programs for medical devices, generic drugs, and biosimilars. In this cycle, we see shortened review timelines and have given the FDA new tools to harness the latest science and streamline the review process. FDARA would build on previous success by reauthorizing the user fees and make improvements in the review process like advancing the use of biomarkers and patient experience data. The bill includes additional provisions beyond the underlying agreements that are worthy of support. To give some examples, it will promote generic drug development and competition, establish a category of overthecounter hearing aids, crack down on counterfeit drugs, and foster innovation in medical imaging. FDA approval is the global gold standard and reauthorizing the user fee programs will ensure the agency has the resources—particularly capable, qualified staffers—to fulfill this mission. I look forward to working with my colleagues to establish a user fee program for overthecounter products and reform the monograph systems once we have reauthorized the existing user fee programs that will soon expire. I want to thank Ranking Member PALLONE , Chairman W ALDEN , and the chair of the Health Subcommittee, Congressman BURGESS , for their work and commitment into timely user fee reauthorization. I also want to thank the staff, Kim Trzeciak and John Stone, and my own staff, Kristen O’Neill, for the countless hours of work they did to get us to this place. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2430. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ), chairman of the Subcommittee on Health. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding me the time. It is significant today to be here and be supporting H.R. 2430, the Food and Drug Administration Reauthorization Act of 2017. The passage of this bill provides certainly the security to the scientists who are working even now in pursuit of better cures and, of course, hope for patients across the country who are awaiting better treatments of the diseases that are afflicting them. By reauthorizing the Food and Drug Administration user fee program, we are ensuring that the Food and Drug Administration can continue to officially operate and approve new drugs for the market. Upon becoming chairman of the Subcommittee on Health this year, I had the privilege of convening four separate legislative hearings on the policies that are included in H.R. 2430. In each of those hearings, we heard about the tremendous success of the user fee programs in expanding access to affordable medications, supporting biomedical innovation, and maintaining high standards at the FDA for safety, efficacy, and quality. H.R. 2430 will build upon these successes and will also build upon the achievements that we achieved in the last Congress, in the 21st Century Cures Act. And now we can ensure that the FDA has resources necessary to get medical treatments and cures to patients and healthcare providers as quickly as possible. This bill is an important step forward for our committee and for this Congress, and we continue to pursue meaningful improvements to the healthcare system. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman WALDEN, Ranking Member G ENE GREEN , Ranking Member PALLONE of the full committee, all members of the Energy and Commerce Committee, both subcommittee and full committee, who worked hard to improve the substance of this bill as it came through. Clearly, I wish to thank the majority and minority staffs who worked so hard to bring this to fruition. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ). Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this legislation, and I, too, want to thank all of the Members and staff who were engaged in preparing this bill for a vote on the floor of the House. I wanted to focus on two of the amendments that are included in the bill—I am grateful for that—that I sponsored. First, it includes my amendment to create a pilot project to evaluate postmarket safety of medical devices. It also includes my amendment which states that Congress and Federal agencies need to work together to lower drug prices. Everyone has been impacted by rising costs of prescription drugs, which is why 60 percent of Americans believe addressing the cost of prescription drugs needs to be a top priority. The drug pricing crisis cannot be attributed to a single bad actor or a few blockbuster drugs. A recent study found that 97 percent of widely used brand name drugs had a price increase that exceeded inflation. This crisis requires a comprehensive solution that increases transparency; lowers prices for patients, Medicare, and Medicaid; and ensures that every American can get access to the drugs that they need. It is time for Congress to get serious about lowering the cost of drugs for Americans, and I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ), the former chairman of the committee, and the leader of the 21st Century Cures Act legislation. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, so this is a jobs bill. And those who know me know that I have a long record of supporting innovation when it comes to research and development of new drugs and devices. That is why I was proud to help author the 21st Century Cures Act with my Democratic colleague DIANA DEGETTE . This bill broke down the barriers for research and development, put a greater focus on patientcentered care, and gave billions in resources to the National Institutes of Health. President Obama signed our bill into law at the end of 2016. It marked a truly great victory for both patients and researchers across the country. And now that Cures is law, we have got to make sure that the FDA is able to handle the new breakthrough treatments in a timely and predictable fashion, all while still maintaining the highest levels of patient safety. That is why this agreement is so important. My district in southwest Michigan has literally thousands of jobs on the line that are affected by this legislation, and whether it is on the drug side at Pfizer, or the device side at Stryker, or the generic side at Perrigo—all in my district—passing this legislation is vital to those goodpaying local jobs, as well as to the patients who will benefit from the new therapies that get those products to market. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. BUTTERFIELD ). Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding time and for his leadership on the committee. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2430, the FDA Reauthorization Act of 2017, which reauthorizes the FDA’s user fee programs that are critical to drug development, the medical device approval process, and, most importantly, to the patients who will benefit from these advances. While I support this critical bill overall, I want to highlight, in particular, sections 503 through 505, which is the RACE for Children Act that my friend MIKE MCCAUL, Congressman M IKE MCCAUL, and I introduced earlier this year. Scientific advances have shown that some childhood and adult cancers share the same molecular targets. RACE, Mr. Speaker, will help facilitate the expeditious development of innovative and promising treatments for children living with cancer by providing the FDA new authority to require a pediatric investigation into an adult cancer drug if that drug uses molecular targeting and is relevant to the cancer. 
I am grateful to Mr. W ALDEN and Ranking Member PALLONE and their respective staffs for understanding the urgent need to enact the RACE for Children Act and for working with me, working with my staff, to see that it was included. I would also like to highlight section 701 and 702, which is the text of a bill I introduced with Dr. BUCSHON to modernize and streamline FDA’s medical device inspection process by moving to a riskbased inspection approach. The provision will allow FDA to better use its limited resources and improve patient safety by focusing on facilities that have the most potential to impact public health. Finally, passage of the FDA Reauthorization Act of 2017 will send a strong signal to the administration that Congress values the critical importance of medical research and patient safety. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ), a very important member of our committee. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate the chairman, the ranking member of the full committee, and the chairman and the ranking member of the subcommittee for this important work. I rise in strong support of the Food and Drug Administration Reauthorization Act. We need a strong FDA to make sure lifesaving medicines reach the market and that patients have the peace of mind of a safe regulatory process. This bill ensures the wheels of creation keep turning, and in no part of our Nation is this more important than New Jersey, one of the medicine chests of the world. It means that patients here in the United States and hundreds of millions around the world have benefited from the genius of our biopharmaceutical and life science industries. Patient safety is always the critical priority, and I am pleased this legislation includes language I authored to crack down on counterfeit drugs that are flooding into the United States. Too many Americans are falling victim to knockoffs that have infiltrated the U.S. supply chain, and this legislation significantly changes that. Disease knows no bounds and, one way or another, each of us is affected by disease. This work makes a difference in patients’ lives and makes sure the system from idea to pharmacy is working. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to support this product. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from Colorado (Ms. DEGETTE ). Ms. DEGETTE. Mr. Speaker, at a time of hyperpartisanship when traditions of consensus are seldom upheld, I am pleased to see Congress continue its tradition of passing FDA user fee reauthorization with broad bipartisan support. It is absolutely critical that the FDA continue to promote medical innovation and support public health. To do so, it must have consistent funding, which this bill helps assure. I am also so proud that this bill builds directly on the 21st Century Cures Act, which I coauthored with Representative FRED UPTON . Consistent with Cures, the bill before us today ensures that both the patient’s voice and evidence from clinical practice can be considered during drug development when it is appropriate. It also helps establish a process for the FDA to qualify socalled biomarkers, which will facilitate the development of future cuttingedge therapies. By reinforcing these key provisions of the 21st Century Cures Act, I am fully confident that the bill will help deliver on our bipartisan promise to jumpstart treatments for families and for patients with unmet needs. Mr. Speaker, I also want to thank Chairman WALDEN and Ranking Member PALLONE for incorporating provisions into the bill that will deepen our understanding of the psychosocial impact of disease. These provisions are based on the bipartisan Patient Experience in Research Act which Representative LANCE and I coauthored. As more is learned about the social and emotional effects of disease, we can deliver better outcomes for patients by improving medication adherence, tailoring treatment regimens, and enhancing participation in clinical trials. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILIRAKIS ), a very important member of our committee. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge the passage of the FDA Reauthorization Act. With this legislation, we can modernize the FDA and reduce the barriers to innovation and competition. If America is going to lead the world in biomedical innovation, we need an FDA that can efficiently review and approve new drugs. The FDA must act with the same urgency that patients feel waiting for cures. Importantly, this bill includes a bipartisan provision that I authored with my colleague KURTSCHRADER . b1400 The provision uses free market policies to help spur the development of new generic drugs, increase competition, and combat high drug prices. I am also pleased we are including in the RACE for Children Act an important provision to advance pediatric cancer research and development. With today’s bill, we have an opportunity to truly make a difference for our families, our friends, our neighbors, and the millions of Americans living with a deadly disease. Let’s get this done. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ). Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of our committee, our ranking member, Dr. BURGESS , and Mr. GREEN . Facilitating the approval of these drugs, having the FDA work in a safe and constructive way, and having a quicker turnaround time is all really good. It is really important. I thank them for their leadership. This is something that had to be done. It is going to benefit everyone. I want to talk about another issue that we didn’t address but we did debate, and that is the high cost of prescription drugs. In this legislation, on the one hand, we are accommodating a reasonable request by the pharmaceutical industry for a fast and efficient approval process; but on the other hand, we are denying any relief to consumers who are getting absolutely hammered day in and day out with unjustified price increases because of the pricing power of the pharmaceutical industry. Yes, they do do good things, lifeextending and painrelieving drugs, but that doesn’t justify grinding consumers into the dust who can’t afford the cost of these prescriptions, where it is just within reach that they can provide relief to their family. We know how much pharmaceutical prices have been going up. It is hurting our employers, who are working hard to provide good healthcare to their employees. It is hurting taxpayers. But every single one of us has met a constituent like a mom who is struggling with this choice of trying to afford something she can’t afford or risk a loss she would never endure. I am talking about the EpiPen; $600 to get an EpiPen here in the United States. Mylan makes that. They are a Netherlandsbased company now. They moved over there for tax reasons. In the Netherlands, you can get it for $100. This isn’t justified. The chairman, the ranking member, and I know this. When ELIJAH CUMMINGS and I met with President Trump, he knows it. He talked about the ripoff pricing. He talked about the possibility of importation of safe drugs from Canada as a way of getting some price pressure on these companies. We have got the committee that can address this. I would like us to do that. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. BUCSHON ). Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, the FDA Reauthorization Act we are considering today provides the FDA the resources it needs to ensure innovative and lifesaving drugs and medical devices are brought to the market in a safe and expedient manner, while providing transparency and certainty to manufacturers. Further, the device inspection and regulatory improvements title reflects language I introduced with Representatives BROOKS , P ETERS , and BUTTERFIELD , which sets forth a risk based approach to medical device establishment inspections and improves predictability for scheduled inspections, among other provisions. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. I look forward to moving it through Congress and sending it to the President’s desk. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. SCHRADER ). Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the FDA Reauthorization Act, FDARA as it is called. It could not be more evident that the time has come for Congress to reckon with the growing problem of exorbitant drug prices. Every few months sees the headlines about another extreme price hike, as was just mentioned. Some unscrupulous pharmaceutical CEO buys the rights to produce drugs that have been on the market for decades, usually where there are no competitors, then, seemingly overnight, they raise the price astronomically. In the case of Daraprim, a drug that is used by some transplant patients and people living with AIDS, the price went from $13.50 per pill to $750. That is outrageous, a price increase of 5,000 percent. For this drug and many others, the drugs have been off patent for ages and there is no generic competitor on the market. Competition from generic drugs saves patients and the government billions of dollars on a weekly basis. Unfortunately, generic drug manufacturers who want to bring these markets to competition face a long approval process, steep costs, and uncertainty. This FDA act reckons with that. It is time for Congress to act, also, on those unscrupulous providers. GUS BILIRAKIS and I introduced a bill providing competition to drive down those costs. We provide new incentives for generic drugs to come to market and reform the process. I am in support of the bill. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I want to commend my colleague from Oregon for his good work on this part of the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. MULLIN ). Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Speaker, this spring in my district in Oklahoma, the McAlpin family of Tahlequah lost their 2yearold son, Kai, to pediatric cancer. Kai’s parents refer to Kai as Warrior Kai because he fought cancer every day with courage and dedication like a true warrior. Included in H.R. 2430 today is the RACE for Children Act, which aims to create new and better pediatric treatment options for warriors like Kai. Currently, there are over 900 drugs in development to treat cancer in adults, while only a handful of drugs are being developed to fight cancer in children. Clearly, those statistics show that the law has not kept up with scientific innovation. RACE can help deliver lifesaving treatments for pediatric cancer patients by updating the Pediatric Research Act. This bill requires all drug manufacturers to test a new drug in a pediatric population before applying it to children during cancer treatment. RACE for Children puts safety first and ensures that researchers use scientific evidence when declaring effectiveness of a drug before providing it to patients. I am glad to see the RACE for Children Act included today, and I thank Chairman MCCAUL and Congressman BUTTERFIELD for their work on the bill. The fight of Warrior Kai continues with us. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KENNEDY ). Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman WALDEN , Ranking Member PALLONE , Ranking Member G REEN , and Subcommittee Chairman BURGESS for their leadership in uniting our colleagues across the aisle on a bill that supports patients and the life sciences industry. This user fee bill is a testament to what can be achieved when we debate policies in the open and confront challenges together. I would also like to specifically focus on one piece of the legislation, the OvertheCounter Hearing Aid Act of 2017. A few weeks ago, a friend of mine wrote to me and shared her story of hearing loss. A 34yearold lawyer, it nearly derailed her career by leaving her unable to argue cases in the courtroom. She continued by outlining the often overlooked side effects brought about by hearing loss—isolation, anxiety, depression, and memory loss—all compounded by prohibitive costs for hearing aids that aren’t covered by Medicare or most private insurers. Faced with prices upwards of $5,000, many Americans are denied the relief and the treatment that they deserve. With this bipartisan bill, we will not only spark innovation and competition, we will help our constituents in their communities, offices, factory floors, and even their own homes. I hope my colleagues will support this bill. I want to thank Representative BLACKBURN for her tireless work in getting it across the finish line as well. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ). Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the FDA Reauthorization Act, and I want to thank Chairman WALDEN and the other bipartisan leadership on the committee for bringing this bipartisan bill to the floor today. As science and technology advances at a rapid rate, the potential for breakthroughs to treat and cure some of the worst diseases are truly within our reach; yet all too often, our laws and regulations are stuck in the past. That is why reauthorizing the Food and Drug Administration’s user fee programs is so important. This bipartisan bill builds off the important work we accomplished through the 21st Century Cures Act. It will help speed up the approval process for lifesaving drugs, foster greater competition, and bring down costs for patients. It will also help ensure America remains on the forefront of medical innovation and that goodpaying jobs in the medical device industry remain here at home. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan bill, and together we can offer a healthier future for our patients. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. CA´RDENAS ). Mr. CA´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in support of H.R. 2430, the FDA Reauthorization Act. I also would like to thank the chairman and ranking member of the Energy and Commerce Committee for working so hard to get this important bill on the floor here today. This reauthorization bill provides the FDA with the resources to complete an important and difficult job: ensuring timely and efficient drug review processes while maintaining rigorous scientific and safety standards to maintain the safety, efficacy, and security of drugs, biological products, medical devices, and therapies that Americans have access to today and tomorrow. I am lucky to have been born and raised in this great country where we have access to the latest innovation in the life sciences sector. I wish my parents had been raised right here in this great, wonderful country so they may still be here today, so that they could enjoy time with their grandchildren if I have been so blessed to do so myself. The FDA is seen as the gold standard around the world, and this bill keeps us right there, right at the top. I am encouraged to see my colleagues working together to ensure that the FDA is able to continue to fulfill this responsibility, and I look forward to continue working to have this reauthorization passed out of Congress. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ), who is from the Philadelphia suburbs and is an important member of our committee. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the FDA Reauthorization Act, which is very important to our country and to Pennsylvania’s Sixth Congressional District. Many communities in my district are at the forefront of innovation in the life sciences industry, and this legislation will make sure our businesses remain competitive and on pace with public health needs. This bill is critical to allowing us to continue our bipartisan work to reduce drug costs, to advance therapies that can save lives, and to develop safe and innovative treatments for patients and their families. Finally, Mr. Speaker, it is important the public is aware that this is a bipartisan bill. There are some things that perhaps some Republicans would have liked to have seen in this bill that 
didn’t make their way in, and there are some things that perhaps some Democrats would have liked to have seen make their way into this bill that didn’t. We found consensus and we worked together. It was a unanimous vote out of the Energy and Commerce Committee. I am proud to stand behind that, and this is a good day for America. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. DINGELL ). Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2430, the FDA Reauthorization Act of 2017. We all have loved ones, friends, and neighbors who are suffering from life threatening diseases and illnesses and who want hope that that next generation treatment or therapy will still be available to them. It is our shared responsibility to support the FDA as well as countless researchers and patient advocates across the country who are working to bring new cures to market. This critical, bipartisan legislation helps us achieve that important goal by reauthorizing user fee programs at FDA for 5 years. I want to thank Chairman WALDEN , Ranking Member PALLONE , Chairman BURGESS , and Ranking Member G REEN  for continuing the longstanding tradition on the Energy and Commerce Committee of advancing this legislation in a bipartisan manner. Our work together on this bill should be a model for how we can cooperate on other issues in the future, and it is good that we are passing this bill on the House floor well in advance of the September 30 deadline. I also want to thank the committee for including provisions that I worked on with Mr. LANCE , Dr. B URGESS , and Mr. GREEN to enhance penalties for counterfeit and diverted drugs, and for including Mr. KENNEDY ’s overthe counter hearing aid bill, which will go a long way to providing real relief to the 30 million Americans who suffer from hearing loss. Hearing loss is a qualityoflife issue, plain and simple, and passage of today’s legislation will help many receive the treatment that they need in a quick manner, while also ensuring safety. It is a good bill that deserves our support. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ), who is the resident pharmacist on the committee. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in support of H.R. 2430, the FDA Reauthorization Act, because of its importance to our healthcare system and the millions of people who depend on it. The FDA Reauthorization Act is essential as we seek reforms to the way we develop new drugs and therapies and the ways in which we are able to get those to market. Under this legislation, we are streamlining the approval process to maintain the provisions that make our market, while making changes to ensure new therapies aren’t unnecessarily held up. b1415 We have set benchmarks for reviews to ensure that the drug approval process is moving along and doesn’t get bogged down by bureaucratic red tape. And most importantly, we are providing patients with a chance to pursue new and innovative drugs that can really make a difference in their life. We have seen progress in the approval of rare disease drugs, helping millions who suffer from diseases that often have no treatment. With this bill, we can provide them with new opportunities. Additionally, we will be able to see more generics entering the market, increasing competition and driving down costs for consumers. I applaud Chairman WALDEN , Chairman BURGESS , and all of my colleagues on the committee for helping to get this essential legislation to the finish line. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL), chairman of the Homeland Security Committee and one of the authors of a portion of this bill that is really important for kids. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman WALDEN for including my bill, the Research to Accelerate Cures and Equity, or RACE, for Children Act, in this FDA reauthorization. I introduced the bill with my colleague, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , to strengthen the FDA’s ability to require pediatric studies of cancer drugs during development. Despite current programs in place to require similar studies, they have never been undertaken for cancer drugs. This bill will require a study into any cancer drug that uses ‘‘molecular targeting,’’ which attacks specific cancer cells rather than the part of the body where the cancer resides. By requiring these studies, doctors can determine whether a drug is safe and effective in children and, ultimately, provide accurate labeling for pediatric use. I founded the Childhood Cancer Caucus when I first entered Congress to give a voice to the 15,000 children diagnosed with cancer every year and the hundreds of thousands of survivors who face a lifetime of medical challenges. Passing this bill will provide these children access to the treatments they deserve. I thank all those involved for their tireless work in bringing this bill to the House floor. As my good friend, little Sadie Keller, who is battling leukemia as I speak, once said: ‘‘Together, we can make a difference.’’ To Sadie and all the children who are in the fight of their lives, I want you to know that today we are making a difference. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. BIGGS), a passionate advocate for those who really need access to medications at the end stage of their lives. Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for bringing this bill forward and also for granting me time to speak on an issue that I am passionate about, which is Right to Try. I support the underlying bill and hope that we have a chance, soon, to consider the Right to Try bill, which has been worked on by myself, Senator JOHNSON , and Representative FITZPATRICK . As many know, Right to Try would allow terminally ill patients who have no other options left to receive drugs that have passed the Food and Drug Administration’s basic safety testing but which have not been fully approved. In 2014, my home State of Arizona passed a similar Right to Try law with nearly 80 percent of the vote, due in large part to the heroic efforts of my late friend, Laura Knaperek, who was battling incurable cancer at the time. Today, nearly 40 States have enacted Right to Try legislation. This is a bipartisan cause and one that has received strong support from the White House. I look forward to continuing to work with the chairman to find a path forward for Right to Try. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, as I said before, I am very proud of the fact that this bill is bipartisan, continuing a tradition of dealing with these FDA user fee and authorization bills on a bipartisan basis. We worked long and hard to get this accomplished in a timely fashion, in particular, so that the personnel at the FDA are not threatened in any way. I am very hopeful that this will pass today, go over to the Senate and also pass there quickly, and be signed by the President soon. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation. As I have said, it is a bipartisan bill. I think even more importantly than that, Mr. Speaker, this legislation will save lives. It will bring about quicker cures for those who need new medicines and medical devices. This is the finest work that we can do in this body, working with those scientists and innovators in helping develop a system where they can get approvals and get new medicines to market that are safe and that will save lives. We are doing that today. I want to thank the staff, who have been incredibly important in this effort and my colleagues on both sides of the aisle who worked together. We didn’t get everything everybody wanted in this bill, but we got a bill that passed unanimously out of our committee and that I believe the Senate will take up 
and adopt, as well, and we can move forward in such a positive direction for people that you heard about today from my colleagues. Lives that are on the line can be saved by innovation. The quicker we get that innovation to the market, the more we can reduce costs and save lives. Mr. Speaker, I call on my colleagues to support passage of this very important lifesaving legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2430, the FDA Reauthorization Act of 2017 to reauthorize four important user fee programs: the Prescription Drug User Fee Act, the Medical Device User Fee Act, the Generic Drug User Fee Act, and the Biosimilar User Fee Act. These critically important laws have improved patient access to important therapies and expedited the FDA’s approval times while upholding the most rigorous standards for patient safety. The Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) was enacted in 1992 when drug review times were lagging and FDA simply couldn’t keep up with the flood of new drug applications. Through user fees paid by applicants, PDUFA gave FDA the resources it needed to hire and support more staff. The program has been successful in reducing reviewtime backlogs and expediting safe and effective therapies to patients. My legislation created the Medical Device User Fee Act (MDUFA), which was enacted in 2002 and has resulted in significant changes to the medical device industry and within the medical device center at the FDA. Through this user fee program, the device center has improved its efficiency and reduced the time it takes to bring effective medical devices to market. This legislation builds on the progress made in previous user fee agreements and will produce important developments for the medical device industry. The Generic Drug User Fee Agreement (GDUFA) was enacted in 2012 and takes important steps to bring lowerpriced drugs to the market more quickly for the American people. Finally, the Biosimilar User Fee Agreement (BsUFA), which was first enacted in 2012 through legislation I authored, is critical to supporting the nascent biosimilar industry and will lead to meaningful progress, breakthroughs and cures for the American people. Previous user fee reauthorizations have included significant gains for pediatric populations. Before the Better Pharmaceuticals for Children Act (BPCA) and the Pediatric Research Equity Act (PREA), which I authored, the vast majority of drugs (more than 80 percent) used in children were used offlabel, without data for their safety and efficacy. Today, that number has been reduced to 50 percent because of my legislation. Both programs were permanently reauthorized in 2012, and while this agreement includes important changes to BPCA and PREA, there remains a need for more meaningful improvements. This legislation lays important groundwork and provides the foundation for future progress. Finally, I urge my colleagues in the Senate to take up this legislation swiftly. It’s imperative that both houses of Congress pass this legislation and send it to the President in a timely manner for him to sign into law in order to provide essential resources to the FDA so they can continue to do their critical work. Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2430, the FDA user fee reauthorization bill that I worked on with my colleagues on the Energy & Commerce Committee. Without Congress’ swift action to reauthorize this bill, the FDA would not be able to conduct its critical work ensuring that our nation’s drugs and devices are safe and effective. Patients and families across the country battling diseases like Alzheimer’s, cancer, multiple sclerosis (MS), and diabetes, rely on innovation to provide new lifesaving and lifeenhancing treatments and hopefully one day, cures. Without the FDA, we would not be able to ensure that those treatments and cures work and that they’re safe. To quote Dr. Jeff Allen of the Friends of Cancer Research, ‘‘for the people who currently depend on safe and effective medicines . . . for those who are holding strong for breakthroughs to come . . . and for every future patient . . . there isn’t time to waste.’’ I urge my colleagues to support the passage of this bill. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that the House is considering H.R. 2430, the FDA Reauthorization Act of 2017. I note that H.R. 2430 would provide the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) with new statutory authority to require the sponsor of an orphandesignated drug, which has certain similarities to an already approved drug, to demonstrate ‘‘clinical superiority’’ compared to the already approved drug as a condition of receiving seven years of market exclusivity. This authority will limit the number of drugs that are automatically entitled to seven years of exclusivity, while maintaining incentives for the development of innovative treatments for rare diseases. I also note that the bill would improve transparency of the FDA’s execution of the Orphan Drug Act. Specifically, the bill directs the FDA to notify a sponsor in writing of any clinical superiority rationale on which the FDA relied in designating the sponsor’s drug as an orphan drug. Further, it would require the FDA to publish its clinical superiority findings summaries for all drugs granted exclusivity based on a demonstration of clinical superiority. I urge my colleagues to support the FDA Reauthorization Act of 2017. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2430, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 347. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 232, noes 187, not voting 14, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—187 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Barletta Barr Costa Crowley Cummings Guthrie Hensarling Johnson, Sam Khanna Lieu, Ted Napolitano Pelosi Scalise SheaPorter 
b1452 Mr. LOEBSACK changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY COMMITTEE ON RULES REGARDING AMENDMENT PROCESS FOR H.R. 806, OZONE STANDARDS IMPLEMENTATION ACT OF 2017, AND H.R. 2997, 21ST CENTURY AVIATION INNOVATION, REFORM, AND REAUTHORIZATION ACT Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, this morning the Rules Committee issued announcements outlining the amendment processes for two measures that will likely be before the Rules Committee next week. An amendment deadline has been set for Monday, July 17, at 10 a.m., for H.R. 806, the Ozone Standards Implementation Act of 2017; and Monday, July 17, at noon, for H.R. 2997, the 21st Century AIRR Act. The text of these measures is presently available on the Rules Committee website. Feel free to contact me or my staff if we may provide any additional information. 
MEDICAL CONTROLLED SUBSTANCES TRANSPORTATION ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, 5minute will continue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1492) to amend the Controlled Substances Act to direct the Attorney General to register practitioners to transport controlled substances to States in which the practitioner is not registered under the Act for the purpose of administering the substances (under applicable State law) at locations other than principal places of business or professional practice, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 416, nays 2, not voting 15, as follows: [Roll No. 349] YEAS—416 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Barr Costa Crowley Cummings Davidson Guthrie Gutie´rrez Johnson, Sam Khanna LaHood Lieu, Ted Napolitano Reed Scalise SheaPorter 
b1506 So (twothirds being in the affirmative), the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I was absent during rollcall votes No. 347, No. 348, and No. 349 due to my spouse’s health situation in California. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on the Motion on Ordering the Previous Question on the Rule providing for consideration of both H.R. 23 and H.R. 2810. I would have also voted ‘‘nay’’ on H. Res. 431—Rule providing for consideration of both H.R. 23—Gaining Responsibility on Water Act of 2017 and H.R. 2810—National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. I would have also voted ‘‘yea’’ on H.R. 1492—Medical Controlled Substances Transportation Act of 2017. 
Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, on July 12, 2017, due to a family commitment I was absent for recorded votes No. 347, No. 348, and No. 349. Had I been present, on rollcall No. 347, I would have voted ‘‘no’’; on rollcall No. 348, I would have voted ‘‘no’’; and on rollcall No. 349, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2664) to direct the Secretary of Labor to train certain Department of Labor personnel how to effectively detect and assist law enforcement in preventing human trafficking during the course of their primary roles and responsibilities, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2664 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Enhancing Detection of Human Trafficking Act’’. 
In this Act the term ‘‘human trafficking’’ means an act or practice described in paragraph (9) or (10) of section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102). 
SEC. 3. TRAINING FOR DEPARTMENT PERSONNEL TO IDENTIFY HUMAN TRAFFICKING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Labor shall implement a program to— (1) train and periodically retrain relevant personnel across the Department of Labor that the Secretary considers appropriate, how to effectively detect and assist law enforcement in preventing human trafficking during the course of their primary roles and responsibilities; and (2) ensure that such personnel regularly receive current information on matters related to the detection of human trafficking, including information that becomes available outside of the Department’s initial or periodic retraining schedule, to the extent relevant to their official duties and consistent with applicable information and privacy laws. (b) TRAINING DESCRIBED .—The training referred to in subsection (a) may be conducted through inclass or virtual learning capabilities, and shall include— (1) methods for identifying suspected victims of human trafficking and, where appropriate, perpetrators of human trafficking; (2) training that is most appropriate for a particular location or environment in which the personnel receiving such training perform their official duties; (3) other topics determined by the Secretary to be appropriate reflecting current trends and best practices for personnel in their particular location or professional environment; (4) a clear course of action for referring potential cases of human trafficking to the Department of Justice and other appropriate authorities; and (5) a posttraining evaluation for personnel receiving the training. SEC. 4. REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and each year thereafter, the Secretary of Labor shall report to the appropriate congressional committees on the training provided to the personnel referred to in section 3(a), including— (1) an evaluation of such training and the overall effectiveness of the program required by this Act; (2) the number of cases referred by Department of Labor personnel in which human trafficking was suspected and the metrics used by the Department to accurately measure and track its response to instances of suspected human trafficking; and (3) the number of Department of Labor employees who have completed such training as required by this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ) and the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. SABLAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 2664. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2664, the Enhancing Detection of Human Trafficking Act. Labor trafficking is the illegal exploitation of an individual for commercial gain. It knows no geological limits. It happens across our country and around the globe, including in my home State of Michigan. Victims of labor trafficking are not a uniform group of people. Victims are young children, teenagers, men, and women. In my home State of Michigan, the National Human Trafficking Hotline reported over 38 cases in 2016 involving labor trafficking. This is a 52 percent increase in the number of reported cases since 2015. Globally, the International Labor Organization estimates there are 21 million people trapped in forced labor. The growing number of human trafficking cases is alarming and more needs to be done to identify victims, catch traffickers, and end this form of modernday slavery. In the course of inspecting workplace safety and labor law compliance within the United States, Department of Labor employees often have a front line to view and to identify patterns of labor exploitation. Providing these employees with the proper training to detect and respond to the signs of human trafficking is an important part of the larger comprehensive effort to eradicate this unthinkable crime. The Enhancing Detection of Human Trafficking Act would ensure the Department has a formal framework in place to detect trafficking and refer cases to law enforcement for prosecution. Specifically, H.R. 2664 would: Direct the Department of Labor to train appropriate staff on how to effectively detect instances of human trafficking; Ensure personnel regularly receive information on current trends and best practices; Allow flexible training options, including inclass and virtual learning options; Establish a clear course of action for referring suspected instances of human trafficking to law enforcement; and Require an evaluation and report to Congress on the implementation of the training and the metrics used to measure and track the agency’s response to human trafficking. Mr. Speaker, one of the biggest obstacles we face in the fight against human trafficking is awareness. H.R. 2664 will ensure Department of Labor employees have the right training so that they recognize and effectively respond to this modernday slavery. I also thank Ranking Member SABLAN for his bipartisan support and work on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2664, a bill to assist the United States Department of Labor in identifying and preventing cases of human trafficking. I thank Chairman WALBERG for his leadership on this issue and for introducing this legislation of which I am an original cosponsor. As chair and ranking member of the Subcommittee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pensions of the Education and the Workforce Committee, Mr. WALBERG  and I have found common ground on a number of important issues facing the American people, and human trafficking is one of them. We may think that human trafficking is something that occurs in far off countries. And, yes, according to the International Labor Organization, there are 21 million men, women, and children around the world who are currently subjected to forced labor. Unfortunately, however, the injustice of human trafficking happens right here at home in the United States as well. Polaris, a nonprofit that operates the National Human Trafficking Resource Center hotline here in the United States received reports of over 8,000 cases of human trafficking in our country last year, an increase of 35 percent over the year before. I have seen cases of this terrible scourge firsthand in my own district, the Northern Mariana Islands. A number of construction companies lured foreign workers to come to the Marianas with false promises and misrepresentations about pay and conditions. 
The companies then withheld the employees’ wages and confiscated their passports. The workers were subjected to horrible working conditions, crowded unsanitary barracks with barely enough food and water. They were forced to work in unsafe conditions, suffering serious injuries without access to adequate medical care. There was even a workplace fatality. To their credit, the Department of Labor’s OSHA and Wage and Hour divisions have worked to address these injustices, issuing fines and citations, recovering back wages. But we need to identify human traffickers and prevent cases like this before they happen. That is the purpose of our bill, the Enhancing Detection of Human Trafficking Act. H.R. 2664 directs the Department of Labor to train appropriate Department staff on how to detect human trafficking, and ensure that these staff people get regular updates on how traffickers are adjusting to avoid detection. b1515 Our bill establishes training for a clear course of action for referring cases of suspected human trafficking to the Department of Justice and other appropriate authorities so these offenders are prosecuted. And the bill requires the Department to report back to Congress within a year on the progress that is being made because Congress needs to do more than simply enact programs with lofty goals. We also need to build in mechanisms to tell us whether our programs are working as intended. Mr. Speaker, the Enhancing Detection of Human Trafficking Act will, I believe, give the Department of Labor the tools and resources it needs to combat human trafficking. I ask my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. I would like to also thank the leadership of the House, especially Chairwoman VIRGINIA FOXX and Ranking Member BOBBY SCOTT of the Education and the Workforce Committee, for moving this bill to the floor. And again, I thank my friend, Chairman WALBERG , for his leadership in this important area of public policy. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX), the distinguished chairman of the Education and the Workforce Committee. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I thank both of my colleagues for their leadership on H.R. 2664 and bringing this important matter to the attention of the House. I rise to express my strong support for this bill, and to commend, again, my colleagues for making a difference in the fight to end modern slavery. Over the past few years, we have only begun to comprehend the horrors of human trafficking and how it established a foothold in this country. Thanks to the vigilance of faithbased groups, humanitarians across the globe, and the courage of survivors, we are learning more about the tactics and loopholes human traffickers exploit to prey on the most vulnerable among us. Children are often the ones most vulnerable to exploitation. It is estimated that one in six endangered runaways are likely victims of this horrific crime. Earlier this year, with the leadership of Representatives Guthrie and Courtney, the House passed the Improving Support for Missing and Exploited Children Act. That bipartisan legislation supports the critical efforts of the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children. It includes positive reforms to encourage new and innovative ways to recover and protect missing and exploited children, including those who are victims of trafficking. We need to do everything possible to ensure this vital work will continue, and that is what H.R. 1808 was all about. But this is an issue that demands our ongoing attention. More solutions are needed, and that is why we are here today, to build on the bipartisan work we have already accomplished. The Department of Labor has a unique vantage point for spotting violations in workplaces that can be telltale signs of modern slavery and labor exploitation. This bill equips DOL personnel to form partnerships with law enforcement to detect and address signs of human trafficking in America’s workplaces. Mr. Speaker, if we can shed light in any corner where this evil may lurk, we must. Again, I commend Mr. WALBERG ’s leadership on this issue and Mr. SABLAN for working with him so passionately. I am proud that the Committee on Education and the Workforce could do its part to support their work and bring this bill to the floor. I urge all Members to vote in favor of the Enhancing Detection of Human Trafficking Act. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BASS). Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2664, the Enhancing Detection of Human Trafficking Act, a bill to assist the U.S. Department of Labor in identifying and preventing cases of human trafficking. Human trafficking is a global and domestic threat to basic human rights and humanity as we know it. However, the injustice of human trafficking is not just a global program. Human rights abuses are happening right here in the United States every day and in every region across the country. Polaris, a nonprofit that operates the National Human Trafficking Resource Center hotline here in the U.S. received reports of over 8,000 cases of human trafficking in our country last year, an increase of 35 percent over the year before. Government agencies must continue to work together to identify and eradicate all cases of human trafficking. We can and must do better to prevent cases of abuse before they happen. That is the purpose of this bill, the Enhancing Detection of Human Trafficking Act. H.R. 2664 directs the Department of Labor to train appropriate Department staff on how to detect human trafficking and ensure that all personnel at the Department of Labor are provided with regular screening tools to identify and detect trafficking activity. This bill establishes training for a clear course of action, including referring cases of suspected human trafficking to the Department of Justice and other appropriate authorities to properly investigate and prosecute offenders. This bill also requires the Department of Labor to report back to Congress within a year on the progress that is being made by such efforts. Mr. Speaker, the Enhancing Detection of Human Trafficking Act supports current efforts to combat human trafficking by providing the Department of Labor the tools and resources it needs to identify and properly respond to human rights abuses. I ask my colleagues for a vote in favor of this bill. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ). Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2664, the Enhancing Detection of Human Trafficking Act. We all know human trafficking is a serious problem all over the world, but it is not a distant concept. It exists in communities all across this country. Last year, in Pennsylvania alone, there were over 150 human trafficking cases reported, and labor trafficking was the second highest type of trafficking in the Commonwealth. We should and must do all that we can to combat this disgusting activity. This legislation before us now would help train Department of Labor inspectors to identify patterns and circumstances surrounding this abuse so that they can assist law enforcement in recognizing and stopping labor exploitation. A significant component of the fight against human trafficking is knowing where it exists, and this legislation is an important step forward. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ). Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman WALBERG for his invitation to join him on the floor today to discuss combating human trafficking and in support of the Enhancing Detection of Human Trafficking Act. When people hear the term ‘‘human trafficking,’’ they often think of faraway places, or perhaps even movie 
plots. But, unfortunately, human trafficking is a horrible 21st century problem here in the United States. We have to do all we can to help combat the scourge of human trafficking, and this measure is a strong addition to the actions already taken here in the House, and I commend the chairman, Ranking Member SABLAN , and also the full committee chair, Ms. FOXX, and Ranking Member S COTT for their leadership on this issue. Making sure Department of Labor employees can identify these practices will be another tool to work against these terrible crimes. We need workforce law violation investigators to be on the lookout for patterns of human trafficking and labor exploitation, and this bill will make it happen. Since 2007, the National Human Trafficking Hotline has received nearly 150,000 reports of trafficking here in the United States. The majority of these victims are women and children forced into heinous situations. They need our help. I urge all my colleagues to join me in supporting this measure and to continue to do all we can to combat human trafficking. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I urge all my colleagues to please support, vote ‘‘aye’’ on H.R. 2664. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, each year millions of men, women, and children are trafficked around the world, including in the United States. It is important that we combat this epidemic. The Enhancing Detection of Human Trafficking Act is truly a bipartisan bill that will ensure that those who are in the field have knowledge, skills, and tools that they need to identify instances of human trafficking, assist victims, and properly refer cases so perpetrators can be brought to justice. I would like to reiterate my appreciation to Representative SABLAN for his support and work on this important issue. This is truly a bipartisan issue. It is an American issue. It is a human issue. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 2664, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2664. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
EMPOWERING LAW ENFORCEMENT TO FIGHT SEX TRAFFICKING DEMAND ACT Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2480) to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to include an additional permissible use of amounts provided as grants under the Byrne JAG program, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 2480 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Empowering Law Enforcement to Fight Sex Trafficking Demand Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ADDITIONAL AUTHORIZED USE OF BYRNE JAG FUNDS. 
Section 501(a)(1) of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3751(a)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) Programs to combat human trafficking (including programs to reduce the demand for trafficked persons).’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  LEE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 2480, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Today, Mr. Speaker, we continue our battle against the scourge of human trafficking with H.R. 2480, the Empowering Law Enforcement to Fight Sex Trafficking Demand Act. This bill, introduced by our colleague, Congresswoman HARTZLER of Missouri, adds antihuman trafficking efforts as an allowable use for funds under the Byrne JAG program, the Justice Department’s flagship grant program for State and local governments and law enforcement. It specifies that the JAG funds may be used for demand reduction operations. Mr. Speaker, there is no question that the fight against human trafficking starts at the local level. It infects every community, and our local officials and law enforcement are on the front lines in this battle. They are in the best position to assess how to address this issue in their communities and how to use these taxpayer dollars. As part of any comprehensive approach in combating trafficking, local government and law enforcement must address what many call the demand issue; that is, going after those who are buying young victims off the street and, very often, off the internet. This is simple economics applied to a horrific crime. Human trafficking is driven by the demand for commercial sex, and this is costing victims their sense of worth and their dignity. By deterring demand, traffickers will have fewer buyers and may abandon their illegal and horrifyingly reprehensible activity. These demand reduction operations and programs are most often carried out at the local level, and it is important to ensure local governments have the tools they need to prevent this destructive crime by deterring people from buying victims. b1530 We cannot tolerate sex trafficking and must be able to act swiftly to combat this horrific crime. H.R. 2480 ensures our communities will be able to do just that. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Congresswoman HARTZLER for introducing this legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support her bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, let me thank the chairman and ranking member of the Judiciary Committee for the work that we have done in a bipartisan manner on human trafficking, sex trafficking. Let me thank the gentlewoman, the sponsor, and the cosponsor, Mr. CLAY, for their leadership on this legislation and for recognizing that we must give direction, as Members of the United States Congress, to how grants are to be utilized. This is a very, very important initiative to be able to help our law enforcement. Let me give you the real life of some of those who have been sextrafficked. The life of Esperanza: She was waiting for a cousin outside her high school in Mexico one day when a strange man drove up in a car and forced her inside with him and sped way. At that moment, Esperanza had, in effect, become a sex slave. ‘‘He beat me; he raped me,’’ she told CNN. A few times, she tried to escape and failed to escape. The gentleman, the person, the perpetrator, the heinous man, Poncho, now 47, always tracked her down and then beat her again. Eventually, Esperanza realized she was pregnant. Three months later, she said Poncho drove her across the Mexican/U.S. border and on to Houston, Texas, where he forced her to work in a cantina called La Costenita. This is a story that reads inside Houston’s sex trade. I am a Representative of the congressional district in Houston where we have recognized that it is one of the hot spots of the sex trade. But I do want to acknowledge that law enforcement, a sheriff, the police chief, the mayor, the head of the city, local government, and county government have all come together, Members of Congress, faith organizations, and recognized and made a resistant stance 
to stand against this sex trade. In fact, I want to applaud them for recognizing the plight of Esperanza. I want to, with enthusiasm, support a bill that would amend the omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to include an additional permissible use of amounts provided as grants under the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant, also known as the Byrne JAG Program, to combat human trafficking, sex trafficking, including programs to reduce the demand for trafficked persons. The legislation was introduced by Mrs. HARTZLER and joined by her colleague, Mr. CLAY. I am glad to be a cosponsor, as are members of the Judiciary Committee and others. Sadly, sex trafficking, like labor trafficking, is a modernday form of slavery. It is slavery. The epidemic of this abhorrent practice of sex trafficking continues. First, sex trafficking occurs nationwide, and the data from the National Human Trafficking Hotline shows that reports of human trafficking were almost doubled, from 372 reported cases in 2012 to 670 reported cases in 2016, with sex trafficking accounting for more than 75 percent of all human trafficking. Let me be very clear that sex trafficking is easy. It is very profitable because, unfortunately, you use the vulnerable victim over and over again. Take Esperanza. She was waiting to go to high school. She became pregnant. You would think there would be some form of mercy, but she was forced to be used again, to be sextrafficked again, and to find herself in a cantina in Houston, Texas, all the way from Mexico. ‘‘I really wanted to speak up, to ask the police for help,’’ Esperanza said, but she got caught up by the threats he would make against the little baby girl that she was now raising. After waiting for this horrific nightmare to end, Esperanza eventually was rescued in a raid of that cantina that I remember very well, thanks to the bravery and steadfast approach of Houston’s finest, like Agent Steven Roskey, a native Houstonian, then, believe it or not, with the Texas Alcoholic Beverage Commission that was really going after the cantina for liquor violations. But he was astute and he was law enforcement. Esperanza’s prayers were answered. And so, thankfully, although traumatized, Esperanza survived the horrors of sex trafficking, human trafficking. But not all victims are as lucky as that. Esperanza, who fell victim to human trafficking, should absolutely not be treated as a criminal for her involvement. Mr. Speaker, I include the CNN article on Esperanza in the RECORD . 
[From CNN, Aug. 12, 2016] INSIDE HOUSTON ’SSEXSLAVE TRADE  (By Thom Patterson) (CNN) Esperanza was waiting for her cousins outside her high school in Mexico one day, when a strange man drove up in a car, forced her inside with him and sped away. At that moment, Esperanza had in effect become a sex slave. ‘‘He beat and raped me,’’ she told CNN’s ‘‘The Hunt with John Walsh.’’ She said the man—who called himself Poncho—brought her to a madam who showed Esperanza how to charge clients and how to use a condom. A few times Esperanza tried—and failed— to escape, but she said Poncho, now age 47, always tracked her down, and then beat her. Eventually, Esperanza realized she was pregnant. Three months later, she said Poncho drove her across the MexicanUS border and on to Houston, Texas, where he forced her to work in a cantina called La Costenita. She gave birth to a baby girl, but Poncho took the infant away as insurance that Esperanza would keep working as a sex slave and wouldn’t escape. ‘‘I really wanted to speak up, to ask the police for help,’’ Esperanza said. ‘‘But I got caught up by the threats he would make towards my daughter. I didn’t want anything to happen to her.’’ Esperanza—whose real name is being withheld for her protection—had become just like the more than 19,000 sex trafficking cases reported in the US since 2007, according to the National Human Trafficking Resource Center. The site says more than 2,600 sex trafficking cases have been reported in the US this year alone, most of them in California. Texas ranks as the nation’s numbertwo sex trafficking state, on the website. For the uninitiated, it’s hard to imagine that thousands of young people—overwhelmingly women—have been kidnapped in Mexico or elsewhere and taken against their will to the United States, where they serve as sex slaves. ‘‘I thought human trafficking was just this crime that happens in third world countries. Until I started to look into my city,’’ said Rachel Alvarez, a human trafficking case worker for the Houston YMCA. Texas authorities first met Esperanza when they raided La Costenita in 2010. ‘‘Her initial demeanor was just kind of stoic,’’ remembered Steve Roskey, who took part in the raid when he was an agent with the Texas Alcoholic Beverage Commission. ‘‘But then, all of a sudden, we noticed tears start running down her face. She started telling us her story: how she got here, what she was forced to do.’’ When she told police that her pimp, a man named Alfonso DiazJuarez who also went by ‘‘Poncho,’’ was holding her daughter, authorities sprang into action. ‘‘We knocked on Poncho’s family members’ houses, we knocked on his friends’ houses,’’ Roskey said. ‘‘It irritated the family and friends so much that (DiazJuarez) eventually dropped off the child to a cousin, and at about 3 o’clock in the morning, we got a phone call. The child was safe.’’ But DiazJuarez was nowhere to be found. Pimps will often lure women from Mexico across the border to the US by promising them better lives, perhaps a better job, Alvarez said. These pimps may get help from people the women already know and trust, like a neighbor. Once they’re kidnapped, these women are no longer viewed as people in the eyes of their handlers. They’ve been reduced to a commodity that can be bought and sold repeatedly in an open market. In the United States, Houston has become one of those markets. ‘‘People see Houston as a hub for human trafficking because of its proximity to the border,’’ said FBI special agent Suzanne Bradley. ‘‘It also has access to the I–10 highway corridor, which goes across the country, so if they’re smuggling people in and trying to get them into human trafficking in other areas of the country, it’s very easy to get them on that I–10 route and disperse them throughout the country.’’ After the kidnapped women are brought into the US, the beatings begin as a way to keep them from trying to escape. Their captors threaten to hurt family members. Pimps use fear to keep their sex slaves in bondage. ‘‘Poncho was one of the most violent pimps I’ve come across in the 11 years I’ve worked human trafficking,’’ said Edwin Chapuseaux, a former investigator with the Harris County Sheriffs Office. ‘‘He did a lot of brutal things, bordering into torture, to make the girls do what he wanted.’’ A former sex slave we’ll call ‘‘Laura’’ said Poncho knew her ‘‘mother’s name, her address, everything. He would threaten me, tell me if I talked to anyone that he would hurt my family.’’ A pimp would have a lot to lose if a girl walked out the door. ‘‘If a pimp has, let’s say, four or five girls, and each one is making him, you know, $2,000, $3,000 a week, do the math, taxfree,’’ said Chapuseaux. That works out to a maximum of $780,000 per year. Laura recalls one night when she counted 70 women working. ‘‘The usual was 30 men. We each had to tend to 30 clients a night.’’ For years federal and local authorities had been gathering evidence against a huge Houstonarea sex trafficking network led by Raquel Medeles HortenciaArguello. The woman everyone knew as ‘‘Tencha’’ owned a brothel called Las Palmas that offered minoraged girls to customers who would pay up to $500 an hour, according to the FBI. Coincidentally, as a cautionary move, Tencha had distanced herself from Las Palmas by leasing it to DiazJuarez. When police found out, they arrested him on a previous warrant. DiazJuarez pleaded guilty in a deal with prosecutors that led to his release several months later. Poncho was back on the loose. Authorities continued to gather evidence in the big sex trafficking case. ‘‘We realized early on that we had potential financial crimes, money laundering involved in the case, so we got the [Internal Revenue Service] involved in it,’’ said Bradley. The IRS began following the money, reviewing bank statements, locating assets. ‘‘We did an estimate on how much she made from the room rental, entrance fee, and the condoms for the whole entire period she was operating Las Palmas and that estimated to be about $12.5 million,’’ said IRS Special Agent Lucy Tan. When it was time for police to move in and raid Las Palmas, 13 people were arrested. DiazJuarez wasn’t among them. But Tencha was. Twelve pleaded guilty. Prosecutors charged Tencha with one count of conspiracy to commit sex trafficking, one count of conspiracy to harbor aliens, three counts of money laundering and one count of conspiracy to money launder. Tencha pleaded not guilty. When Tencha began crying in front of the judge, saying she was innocent and she had no idea what was going on, it stirred something inside the freed women who once worked for her. They began to get angry. One by one they decided to take the stand and testify against their former captor. ‘‘You didn’t have to speak Spanish to see how much pain they had over what had been done to them, and what they had to do,’’ remembered Bradley. ‘‘You could just see it in their face, hear it in their voice.’’ 
Ultimately, the jury found Tencha guilty and the judge sentenced her to life in prison. Despite the legal victory against Tencha, authorities are disturbed by the fact that DiazJuarez remains free. ‘‘It’s very important to get Poncho arrested and prosecuted, because he will not stop doing what he does until he is arrested and put behind bars,’’ said Chapuseaux. Laura, who still fears Poncho, admits she’ll ‘‘feel safer when he is captured. There aren’t any words to describe what a terrible person he is.’’ 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, second, we must provide our law enforcement with the necessary tools to fight the epidemic. I would like to thank Agent Roskey, our fervent Houston Police Chief Art Acevedo, and chiefs before him for their entire effort and collaboration. Houston law enforcement has been working diligently, but they have limited funds. To be able to use the Byrne grants in this effective way to save one more life, to stop another little girl from detouring from high school involuntarily and then be steered off, become pregnant, and no mercy given, driven to another country to continue to be utilized, abused, victimized, beaten, I think this legislation clearly speaks to the millions of little girls and boys who are not in line but apt to be victims from all over the world coming to the United States, finding themselves in hot points, victimized, and maybe even tragically losing their life. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss H.R. 2480, the ‘‘Empowering Law Enforcement to Fight Sex Trafficking Demand Act of 2017.’’ This bill would amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to include an additional permissible use of amounts provided as grants under the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant Program, also known as the Byrne JAG Program, to combat human trafficking (including programs to reduce the demand for trafficked persons). This legislation was introduced by Representative VICKY HARTZLER (R–MO) on May 17, 2017 and I am proud to be a CoSponsor in this step forward to addressing concerns about sex trafficking in our cities. Sadly, Sex Trafficking, like labor trafficking, is a modernday form of slavery that includes U.S. citizens, foreign nationals, women, men and children as victims equally. The epidemic of this abhorrent practice of sex trafficking is growing, which makes the need for consideration of all measures to help law enforcement prevent these crimes from occurring even more imperative. First, sex trafficking occurs nationwide, and data from the National Human Trafficking Hotline show that reports of human trafficking cases have almost doubled in most states, including Texas, from 372 reported cases in 2012 to 670 reported cases in 2016; with sex trafficking accounting for more than 75% of all human trafficking cases reported. Too often, thousands of young people— overwhelmingly women—have been kidnapped around the world and taken against their will to the United States, where they serve as sex slaves and become victims of these horrendous crimes—especially children—whom are afraid to seek help from law enforcement because of the risk that they will be treated as criminals rather than the victims they undoubtedly are. Take Esperanza for example. She was waiting for her cousins outside of her high school in Mexico one day, when a strange man drove up in a car, forced her inside with him and sped away. At that moment, Esperanza had in effect become a sex slave. Esperanza was an innocent child when she first became a victim of sex trafficking. Her 47 year old trafficker brought her to a madam at a Cantina, who taught her how to have sex with adult men for profit, and the trafficker would beat and rape this young child whenever she tried to escape. Eventually Esperanza became pregnant and was driven across the MexicoU.S. border onto Houston, Texas my congressional district, where her baby was taken by her perpetrator as insurance, in order to force Esperanza into his world of sex slave trade. Like so many children living the daily nightmare of human trafficking, Esperanza was terrified to tell anyone what was occurring. ‘‘I really wanted to speak up, to ask the police for help,’’ Esperanza said. ‘‘But I got caught up by the threats he would make towards my daughter. I didn’t want anything to happen to her.’’ After waiting for this horrific nightmare to end, Esperanza eventually was rescued in a raid of the Cantina, thanks to the bravery and steadfast approach of Houston’s finest, like Agent Steve Roskey, a native Houstonian, then with the Texas Alcoholic Beverage Commission in Houston. Esperanza’s prayers were answered because once she started telling Agent Roskey and the other Houston officers her story of how she got here, what she was forced to do, the identification of her trafficker and the taking of her baby, Houston’s finest and Agent Roskey immediately started knocking on the perpetrator’s family members’ houses, knocked on his friends’ houses, and after the family and friends became irritated, they eventually dropped off the child to a cousin. The child was safe. Thankfully, although traumatized, Esperanza survived the horrors of human trafficking but not all victims are as fortunate because there are many sad stories laced in this practice, which is why these unfortunate victims, like Esperanza, who fall prey to human trafficking, should absolutely not be treated as criminals for their involvement in these sex, and labor acts. Second, we must provide our law enforcement with the necessary tools to fight this epidemic. I would like to thank Agent Steve Roskey, our fervent Houston Police Chief, Art Acevedo, his entire department, and various other entities for all the hard work they are doing daily to combat this epidemic in sex trafficking. Houston’s law enforcement are working diligently to take our city back from the grips of those who seek to perpetuate this appalling practice of sex trafficking. Like Houston, law enforcement everywhere are fighting mightily oftentimes, with limited funds to crush the glaring statistics reported across this country by the National Human Trafficking Hotline. Hence we must provide them with meaningful resources to make this goal a reality, and ensure that victims are not penalized for the illegal enterprise of the traffickers that exploit them. This is why we must empower our law enforcements everywhere, through the Byrne JAG Program, to fight the demand for sex trafficking by supporting this bill. Finally, we understand it is already possible for state and local jurisdictions to use JAG Grant Program funding to combat human trafficking, including demand reduction, under the current purpose areas. However, I support adding an additional purpose area for these grants that emphasizes the need to fund initiatives that target and fight human trafficking, as proposed under this bill. H.R. 2480 will ensure that state and local law enforcement agencies have the funds needed to implement more programs to combat human trafficking such as that which occurred at the Cantina in Esperanza’s case and all the trafficked victims rescued there that day. The addition of this purpose area would allow state and local jurisdictions to target and penalize buyers who drive the demand for sex acts, human trafficking, and sexual exploitation; including the demand for sex trafficking involving children. An example of a project that could be funded by the addition of this purpose area is training for a multijurisdictional task force to conduct proactive stings on buyers in an effort to combat human trafficking, like the Cantina raid in my home district in Houston. Accordingly, I urge my colleagues to support this measure. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. HARTZLER ), the chief sponsor of this legislation. Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask for support for H.R. 2480, the Empowering Law Enforcement to Fight Sex Trafficking Demand Act. I would like to thank Chairman GOODLATTE and Ranking Member C ONYERS for their support, as well as Congresswoman KAREN BASS, Congressman STEVE CHABOT , and Congressman W ILLIAM LACY CLAY from Missouri, my friend, who have all coled this effort with me. The Empowering Law Enforcement to Fight Sex Trafficking Demand Act expands the authority of the Edward Byrne Justice Assistance Grants Program, or Byrne JAG, to enable law enforcement agencies to compete for Federal funding specifically to develop and execute sex trafficking demand reduction programs. Adding this provision provides State and local agencies more flexibility in balancing precious resources to address sex trafficking. Today, when many Americans hear the term ‘‘sex trafficking,’’ they might envision a young woman in Eastern Europe being abducted or a faraway brothel in Thailand. While both of these instances, sadly, happen, Americans must realize that sex trafficking happens in thousands of neighborhoods and cities all across our great country. As recently as May, in the city of Springfield, Missouri, there were two 
young girls, ages 13 and 14, that were recently rescued. Those two innocent girls were locked in a neighborhood home and forced to do drugs and engage in sexual acts for money. After some heroic police work, the man responsible was caught, but not before he robbed these two young girls of their innocence and confined them to years of mental torment. This type of event occurs all too often and serves as a stark reminder that this horrendous crime can occur anywhere. It is a domestic problem that we cannot ignore. Since 2007, the National Human Trafficking Hotline has reported 22,191 sex trafficking cases in the United States, and countless cases remain unreported. According to leading researchers and law enforcement agencies, one of the primary causes of sex trafficking is consumerlevel demand for commercial sex. Sex traffickers have discovered that illicit support of commercial sex is a lucrative business. In 2014, the Urban Institute estimated that the underground sex economy ranged from $39.9 million in Denver, Colorado, to $290 million in Atlanta, Georgia. Despite the fact that demand is the ultimate cause of commercial sexual exploitation of women and children, buyers are frequently overlooked as offenders in crimes of domestic sex trafficking. Recently, leaders in the law enforcement community have discovered that the only effective practices for combating sex trafficking are those that include combating demand for commercial sex. There are two primary ways to directly influence actual and potential buyers of commercial sex, and these are termed ‘‘demand reduction programs.’’ They are: education of actual and potential buyers of commercial sex, and law enforcement interventions aimed at deterring those who might buy sex and punishing those who do. Many law enforcement agencies execute demand reduction programs, such as reverse sting operations, john schools, and community education. However, resource limitations preclude them from expanding these efforts. This bill provides law enforcement expanded funding opportunities to support demand reduction efforts. This is a huge step in the right direction because the Byrne JAG grant is the cornerstone Federal crimefighting program, enabling communities to target resources to their most pressing local needs. Byrne JAG’s hallmark is its flexibility; thus, States and localities are able to deploy Byrne JAG funding against their most pressing public safety challenges, such as sex trafficking. This allows communities to design complete programs, fill gaps, leverage other resources, and work across city, county, and State lines. The crime of sex trafficking rips through the fabric of our communities and our country. We as Members of Congress must shed light on this horrendous epidemic and provide our law enforcement agencies with adequate resources to attack this problem at its source. H.R. 2480 will do that. It is a bipartisan solution to a nationwide problem. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support this effort. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguish gentlewoman from California (Ms. BASS), a member of the Judiciary Committee Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, who has a long history of dealing with the vulnerable children, children who have been in the foster care system, and a leading voice on the issue of sex and human trafficking. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2480, the Empowering Law Enforcement to Fight Sex Trafficking Demand Act, a simple but powerful bill that will amend the Byrne JAG Grant Program to include funding initiatives aimed at disrupting and reducing the demand for sex trafficking. As we know, dismantling the multifaceted web of sex trafficking requires collaborative and comprehensive action at every level of government. I am pleased to join Representative HARTZLER and so many of my colleagues as we continue to address this problem. In conjunction with a number of bills introduced this Congress to strengthen and reauthorize the Trafficking Victims Protection Act, H.R. 2480 acknowledges that a comprehensive approach to eliminate sex trafficking necessarily requires the inclusion of demand reduction efforts. Specifically, this bill provides support to State and local jurisdictions working to eliminate sex trafficking by expanding the designated use of Byrne JAG funding to include the express purpose of combating sex trafficking demand. It is important that we support concrete and effective measures in furtherance of demand reduction as a critical component of law enforcement. Yet in nearly every State across the country, especially when it comes to underage youth, the buyers of sex tend to be treated as johns. When we are looking at underage girls, anybody that is purchasing sex should be viewed as a child molester. Just as we are beginning to see the need to acknowledge the shift in how we see and respond to victims of sex trafficking—most of whom are minors, 59 percent of all reported cases in 2016 per Polaris National Hotline, and nearly all of them having involvement in the child welfare system, 86 percent as reported in the 2016 National Center for Missing & Exploited Children—there must be a paradigm shift in how we see and respond to those engaged in the illicit buying of women and children for sex. b1545 Sex trafficking reduction programs under this bill would support enhanced efforts to arrest and prosecute these offenders. This bill would further help jurisdictions implement and facilitate necessary training programs designed to help law enforcement understand, identify, and appropriately respond fundamentally to those who buy and perpetrate sex trafficking. Just as law enforcement must make critical efforts in distinguishing and identifying victims in need of services from petty criminals, so, too, must efforts be made to identify and prosecute dangerous and predatory sex offenders. Thus, State and local justice systems would be eligible to receive Byrne JAG money to support innovative advancements in developing and acquiring cuttingedge technology. For example, H.R. 2480 would support the use of programs like Spotlight, a webbased tool used by over 4,000 law enforcement agencies in the U.S. and Canada to enable them to collaborate across jurisdictions for streamlined tracking of child sex trafficking victims. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, over the past year, reports showed that Spotlight identified, on average, five kids per day, and that law enforcement using Spotlight daily are seeing a 60 percent time savings in their investigative process. For these reasons, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan bill and the need to invest in comprehensive measures to prevent and attack sex trafficking demands. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. CLAY), a colleague of the sponsor of the bill, Mrs. HARTZLER  from Missouri. I thank him for his leadership on the issues of sex trafficking and human trafficking. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas for yielding. I rise today as an original cosponsor of H.R. 2480, the Empowering Law Enforcement to Fight Sex Trafficking Demand Act, along with my friend and distinguished colleague from Missouri, Congresswoman HARTZLER , and other colleagues. This bipartisan act aims to provide local law enforcement with additional tools to fight the heinous epidemic of sex trafficking by expanding the authority of the vital Byrne Justice Assistance Grant act to enable law enforcement agencies to compete for Federal funding, specifically to develop and implement sex trafficking demand reduction programs. Our legislation would also add an additional provision for Byrne JAG funding to allow State and local agencies more flexibility in prioritizing precious resources to combat domestic sex trafficking. The trafficking of mostly 
young people for the purposes of sexual exploitation is a form of 21st century slavery that is pervasive around the world, around this country, and even in my home State of Missouri, as we heard earlier. Sadly, because of my district’s central location and easy access to cross country interstates and modes of transportation, the St. Louis area is one of the top 20 markets for the horrific and inhuman crime. Most of the victims are minor children, and some of them have been kidnapped, beaten, and deceived by organized criminal enterprises who are exploiting their bodies for profit. But the sick and the inhuman practice could not continue without steady demand, and reducing that market is exactly the purpose of this important bill. According to a recent report by the National Human Trafficking Resource Center, this multibillion dollar slavery system victimizes over 20 million young people worldwide, with at least 1
1⁄2million of those victims in North America. Yet, last year in the United States, only about 5,000 cases were actually reported, leaving tens of thousands of other victims in the shadows with no protection, no help, and no hope. As reported in the February 23, 2016 edition of The Atlantic magazine: 
According to the United Nations’ Office on Drugs and Crime, sexual exploitation is the most commonly identified form of forced labor worldwide. And as a whole, human trafficking is a lucrative industry that, around the globe, rakes in at least $150 billion. But it is unclear whether the numbers are an accurate representation of the problem, because many cases are not reported, according to Monique Villa, the CEO of the Thomson Reuters Foundation, which works to combat human trafficking. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Missouri. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, the article continues on: 
The problem with human trafficking is that, of course, the victims are silenced. We don’t have good data about it. You don’t know how many slaves there are around the world. Traffickers also play into the narrative by telling victims who are exploited for sex that they are offenders, threatening to call the police and report them for prostitution if they push back. This makes sex trafficking particularly challenging because victims might be fearful of going to law enforcement and being charged with a crime. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to support this legislation. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Let me thank the sponsor of this bill for her leadership. I am delighted to work with her as a cosponsor. And the speakers on the outside who are cosponsors, I thank them for their important contribution. I simply want to take this time to close and to say to all of us: Don’t forget the Esperanzas—plural—and their little boys as well, who are sex trafficked. Let us not forget them. The addition of this purpose area added to the Byrne grants would allow States and local jurisdictions to target and penalize buyers who drive the demand for sex acts, human trafficking, and sexual exploitation, including demand for sex trafficking involving children. An example of a project that could be funded by the addition of this purpose area is training for a multijurisdictional task force to conduct proactive stings on buyers in an effort to combat human trafficking, just like what was done at the cantina raid in my home community in Houston. The Texas Alcoholic Beverage Commission officer was one of those who helped bring this cantina, this substitute for sex trafficking kingpin down, and saved Esperanza. Accordingly, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to thank Members on both sides of the aisle for their hard work on this, especially the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. HARTZLER ) for taking the lead on this, also the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. CLAY), as well as the ranking member of the full Judiciary Committee, Mr. CONYERS ; and of the subcommittee, Ms. JACKSON LEE; and the subcommittee chair, Mr. SENSEN BRENNER . Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this very important legislation that will help direct important resources to State and local governments to reduce demand for sex trafficking, and help to maybe protect and save a few young people and other people from this horrible crime. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2480. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
FREDERICK DOUGLASS TRAFFICKING VICTIMS PREVENTION AND PROTECTION REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2200) to reauthorize the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 2200 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Frederick Douglass Trafficking Victims Prevention and Protection Reauthorization Act of 2017’’. 
The table of contents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. TITLE I—COMBATING TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS IN THE UNITED STATES Subtitle A—Programs To Support Victims and Persons Vulnerable to Human Trafficking Sec. 101. Grants to assist in the recognition of trafficking. Sec. 102. Preventing future trafficking in the United States through receipt of complaints abroad. Sec. 103. Modification to grants for victims services. Subtitle B—Governmental Efforts To Prevent Human Trafficking Sec. 111. Required training to prevent human trafficking for certain contracting air carriers. Sec. 112. Priority for use of funds for lodging expenses at accommodations lacking certain policies relating to child sexual exploitation. Sec. 113. Ensuring United States procurement does not fund human trafficking. Sec. 114. Training course on human trafficking and Government contracting. Sec. 115. Modifications to the advisory council on human trafficking. Sec. 116. Sense of Congress on strengthening Federal efforts to reduce demand. Sec. 117. Sense of Congress on the senior policy operating group. Subtitle C—Preventing Trafficking in Persons in the United States Sec. 121. Demand reduction strategies in the United States. Sec. 122. Designation of a labor prosecutor to enhance State and local efforts to combat trafficking in persons. Sec. 123. Preventing human trafficking in foreign missions and diplomatic households. Sec. 124. Ensuring that traffickers help pay for care for victims. Subtitle D—Monitoring Child, Forced, and Slave Labor Sec. 131. Sense of Congress. Sec. 132. Report on the enforcement of section 307 of the Tariff Act of 1930. Sec. 133. Modification to list of childmade and slaverymade goods. TITLE II—FIGHTING HUMAN TRAFFICKING ABROAD Subtitle A—Efforts To Combat Trafficking Sec. 201. Including the Secretary of the Treasury and the United States Trade Representative as a member of the interagency task force to monitor and combat trafficking. Sec. 202. Encouraging countries to maintain and share data on human trafficking efforts. Sec. 203. Appropriate listing of governments involved in human trafficking. Sec. 204. Requirements for strategies to prevent trafficking. 
Sec. 205. Expansion of Department of State rewards program. Sec. 206. Briefing on countries with primarily migrant workforces. Sec. 207. Report on recipients of funding from the United States Agency for International Development. Subtitle B—Child Soldier Prevention Act of 2017 Sec. 211. Findings. Sec. 212. Amendments to the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008. TITLE III—AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS Sec. 301. Authorization of appropriations under the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000. Sec. 302. Authorization of appropriations under the Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005. Sec. 303. Authorization of appropriations for enhancing efforts to combat the trafficking of children. Sec. 304. Authorization of appropriations under the International Megan’s Law. Sec. 305. Authorization of appropriations for airport personnel training to identify and report human trafficking victims. TITLE I—COMBATING TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS IN THE UNITED STATES Subtitle A—Programs To Support Victims and Persons Vulnerable to Human Trafficking 
SEC. 101. GRANTS TO ASSIST IN THE RECOGNITION OF TRAFFICKING. 
(a) G RANTS TOASSIST IN RECOGNITION OF  TRAFFICKING .—Section 106(b) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7104(b)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The President’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The President’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) GRANTS TO ASSIST IN THE RECOGNITION  
OF TRAFFICKING .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services may award grants to local educational agencies, in partnership with a nonprofit, nongovernmental agency, to establish, expand, and support programs— ‘‘(i) to educate school staff to recognize and respond to signs of labor trafficking and sex trafficking; and ‘‘(ii) to provide ageappropriate information to students on how to avoid becoming victims of labor trafficking and sex trafficking. ‘‘(B) PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS .—Amounts awarded under this paragraph shall be used for— ‘‘(i) education on— ‘‘(I) how to avoid becoming victims of labor trafficking and sex trafficking; ‘‘(II) indicators that an individual is a victim or potential victim of labor trafficking or sex trafficking; ‘‘(III) options and procedures for referring such an individual, as appropriate, to information on such trafficking and services available for victims of such trafficking; ‘‘(IV) reporting requirements and procedures in accordance with applicable Federal and State law; and ‘‘(V) how to carry out activities authorized under subparagraph (A)(ii); and ‘‘(ii) a plan, developed and implemented in consultation with local law enforcement agencies, to ensure the safety of school staff and students reporting such trafficking. ‘‘(C) PRIORITY .—In awarding grants under this paragraph, the Secretary shall give priority to local educational agencies serving a highintensity child sex trafficking area. ‘‘(D) DEFINITIONS .—In this paragraph: ‘‘(i) ESEA 
TERMS .—The terms ‘elementary school’, ‘local educational agency’, ‘other staff’, and ‘secondary school’ have the meanings given the terms in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). ‘‘(ii) HIGHINTENSITY CHILD SEX TRAFFICKING  
AREA .—The term ‘highintensity child sex trafficking area’ means a metropolitan area designated by the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as a highintensity child prostitution area. ‘‘(iii) LABOR TRAFFICKING .—The term ‘labor trafficking’ means conduct described in section 103(9)(B) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(9)(B)). ‘‘(iv) SCHOOL STAFF .—The term ‘school staff’ means teachers, nurses, school leaders and administrators, and other staff at elementary schools and secondary schools. ‘‘(v) SEX TRAFFICKING .—The term ‘sex trafficking’ means the conduct described in section 103(9)(A) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(9)(A)).’’. (b) INCLUSION IN AUTHORIZATION OF APPRO PRIATIONS .—Section 113(b)(1) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7110(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 107(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 106(b) and 107(b)’’. 
SEC. 102. PREVENTING FUTURE TRAFFICKING IN THE UNITED STATES THROUGH RECEIPT OF COMPLAINTS ABROAD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of State shall ensure that each diplomatic or consular post or other mission designates an employee to be responsible for receiving information from any person who was a victim of a severe form of trafficking in persons (as such term is defined in section 103(14) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(14))) while present in the United States, or any person who has information regarding such a victim. (b) PROVISION OF INFORMATION .—Any information received pursuant to subsection (a) shall be transmitted to the Department of Justice, the Department of Labor, the Department of Homeland Security, and to any other relevant Federal agency for appropriate response. The Attorney General, the Secretary of Labor, and the head of any other such relevant Federal agency shall establish a process to address any actions to be taken in response to such information. (c) ASSISTANCE FROM FOREIGN GOVERN MENTS .—The employee designated for receiving information pursuant to subsection (a) should coordinate with foreign governments or civil society organizations in the countries of origin of victims of severe forms of trafficking in persons, with the permission of and without compromising the safety of such victims, to ensure that such victims receive any additional support available. 
Section 107(b)(2)(A) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105(b)(2)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘programs for’’ and all that follows and inserting the following: ‘‘programs for victims of human trafficking, including programs that provide traumainformed care or longterm housing options to such victims who are— ‘‘(i) between the ages of 12 and 24 and who are homeless, in foster care, or involved in the criminal justice system; ‘‘(ii) transitioning out of the foster care system; or ‘‘(iii) women or girls in underserved populations.’’. Subtitle B—Governmental Efforts To Prevent Human Trafficking SEC. 111. REQUIRED TRAINING TO PREVENT HUMAN TRAFFICKING FOR CERTAIN CONTRACTING AIR CARRIERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 40118 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) TRAINING REQUIREMENTS .—The Administrator of General Services shall ensure that any contract entered into for provision of air transportation with a domestic carrier under this section requires that the contracting air carrier provides to the Administrator of General Services, the Secretary of Transportation, the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration, and the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection an annual report regarding— ‘‘(1) the number of personnel trained in the detection and reporting of potential human trafficking (as described in paragraphs (9) and (10) of section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102)), including the training required under section 44734(a)(4); ‘‘(2) the number of notifications of potential human trafficking victims received from staff or other passengers; and ‘‘(3) whether the air carrier notified the National Human Trafficking Hotline or law enforcement at the relevant airport of the potential human trafficking victim for each such notification of potential human trafficking, and if so, when the notification was made.’’. (b) APPLICABILITY .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to any contract entered into after the date of enactment of this Act. (c) EXCEPTION .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall not apply to any contract entered into by the Secretary of Defense. 
SEC. 112. PRIORITY FOR USE OF FUNDS FOR LODGING EXPENSES AT ACCOMMODATIONS LACKING CERTAIN POLICIES RELATING TO CHILD SEXUAL EXPLOITATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 5713. Priority for use of funds for lodging expenses at accommodations lacking certain policies relating to child sexual exploitation. ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—For the purpose of making payments under this chapter for lodging expenses each agency shall ensure that, to the extent practicable and within the United States, any commerciallodging room nights for employees of that agency are booked in a preferred place of accommodation. ‘‘(b) PREFERRED PLACE OF ACCOMMODATION  DEFINED .—In this section, ‘preferred place of accommodation’ means a commercial place of accommodation that— ‘‘(1) has a zerotolerance policy in place regarding the sexual exploitation of children (as described in section 103(9)(A) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(9)(A))) within the accommodation; ‘‘(2) has procedures in place to identify and report any such exploitation to the appropriate authorities; ‘‘(3) makes training materials available to all employees to prevent such exploitation; ‘‘(4) has trained all employees annually on the identification of possible cases of such exploitation and procedures to report suspected abuse to the appropriate authorities; ‘‘(5) protects employees who report suspected cases of such exploitation according to the protocol identified in training; and ‘‘(6) keeps records of the number of suspected cases of such exploitation, including 
the reasons for suspicion, title of employee who reported the suspicion, and where the report was made. ‘‘(c) REGULATIONS REQUIRED .—The Administrator of General Services shall— ‘‘(1) maintain a list of each preferred place of accommodation; and ‘‘(2) issue such regulations as are necessary to carry out this section.’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘5713. Priority for use of funds for lodging expenses at accommodations lacking certain policies relating to child sexual exploitation.’’. 
SEC. 113. ENSURING UNITED STATES PROCUREMENT DOES NOT FUND HUMAN TRAFFICKING. 
Section 106 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7104) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(k) AGENCY ACTION TOPREVENT FUNDING  
OFHUMAN TRAFFICKING .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of State, Secretary of Labor, Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, and Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall each submit to the Administrator of General Services (who shall submit the reports to the appropriate congressional committees), at the end of each fiscal year, a report that includes each of the following: ‘‘(A) The name and contact information of the individual within the agency’s office of legal counsel or office of acquisition policy who is responsible for overseeing the implementation of subsection (g) of this section, title XVII of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (22 U.S.C. 7104a et seq.), and any related regulation in the Federal Acquisition Regulation (including the Federal Acquisition Regulation; Ending Trafficking in Persons (48 C.F.R. Parts 1, 2, 9, 12, 22, 42, and 52)). ‘‘(B) Agency action to ensure contractors are educated on the applicable laws and regulations listed in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(C) Agency action to ensure the acquisition workforce and agency officials understand implementation of the laws and regulations listed in subparagraph (A), including best practices for— ‘‘(i) ensuring compliance with such laws and regulations; ‘‘(ii) assessing the serious, repeated, willful, or pervasive nature of any violation of such laws or regulations; and ‘‘(iii) evaluating steps contractors have taken to correct any such violation. ‘‘(D) The number of contracts containing language referring to the laws and regulations listed in subparagraph (A) and the number of contracts that did not contain any language referring to the laws and regulations listed in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(E) The number of allegations of severe forms of trafficking in persons received and the source type of the allegation (contractor, subcontractor, employee of contractor or subcontractor, or an individual outside of the contract). ‘‘(F) The number of such allegations investigated by the agency, a summary of any findings of such investigation, and any improvements recommended by the agency to prevent such conduct from recurring. ‘‘(G) The number of such allegations referred to the Attorney General for prosecution under section 3271 of title 18, United States Code, and the outcomes of such referrals. ‘‘(H) Any remedial action taken as a result of such investigation, including whether— ‘‘(i) a contractor or subcontractor (at any tier) was debarred or suspended due to a violation of a law or regulation relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons; or ‘‘(ii) a contract was terminated pursuant to subsection (g) as a result of such violation. ‘‘(I) Any other assistance offered to agency contractors to ensure compliance with a law or regulation relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons. ‘‘(J) Any interagency meetings or data sharing regarding suspended or disbarred contractors or subcontractors (at any tier) for severe forms of trafficking in persons. ‘‘(K) Any contract with a contractor or subcontractor (at any tier) located outside the United States and the country location for each such contractor or subcontractor. ‘‘(2) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT TEES.—In this subsection, the term ‘appropriate congressional committees’ means— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Education and the Workforce, the Committee on the Judiciary, and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(B) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on the Judiciary, and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate.’’. 
SEC. 114. TRAINING COURSE ON HUMAN TRAFFICKING AND GOVERNMENT CONTRACTING. 
Any curriculum (including any continuing education curriculum) for the acquisition workforce used by the Federal Acquisition Institute established under section 1201 of title 41, United States Code, shall include at least one course, which shall be at least 30 minutes, on the law and regulations relating to human trafficking and Government contracting. 
SEC. 115. MODIFICATIONS TO THE ADVISORY COUNCIL ON HUMAN TRAFFICKING. 
Section 115 of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–22; 129 Stat. 243) is amended— (1) in subsection (f)(2), to read as follows: ‘‘(2) shall receive travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in accordance with the applicable provisions under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code.’’; and (2) in subsection (h), by striking ‘‘2020’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’. 
SEC. 116. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON STRENGTHENING FEDERAL EFFORTS TO REDUCE DEMAND. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) all Federal antitrafficking training (including training under section 114(c) of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015 (42 U.S.C. 14044g(c)) and under section 107(c)(4) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105(c)(4))) provided to Federal judges, prosecutors, and State and local law enforcement officials should— (A) explain the circumstances under which sex buyers are considered parties to the crime of trafficking; (B) provide best practices for arresting or prosecuting buyers of illegal sex acts as a form of sex trafficking prevention; and (C) specify that any comprehensive approach to eliminating sex and labor trafficking must include a demand reduction component; and (2) any request for proposals for grants or cooperative agreement opportunities issued by the Attorney General with respect to the prevention of trafficking should include specific language with respect to demand reduction. SEC. 117. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE SENIOR POLICY OPERATING GROUP. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Senior Policy Operating Group established under section 105(g) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103(g)) should create a working group to examine the role of demand reduction, both domestically and internationally, in achieving the purposes of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act (Public Law 114–22; 129 Stat. 227) and Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.). Subtitle C—Preventing Trafficking in Persons in the United States 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BASS) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the RECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the right word for the type of slavery we see today, the type of human trafficking that is slavery, is to focus on the fact that this is indentured servitude. This is human slavery, and traffickers around the world increasingly exploit over a million individuals—I am talking about women and children—in sex trafficking for commercial gain. According to credible estimates, if we add to that those who are engaged in forced labor, that number that are actually enslaved is some 20 million. It is a coercive, multibilliondollar industry that destroys families, destroys communities, strengthens brutal criminal networks, and tramples human dignity. This plague is really global. It is not limited to the developing world. At a regular meeting of the Human Trafficking Congressional Advisory Committee I set up in southern California 
nearly 4 years ago, I have met with brave survivors who endured forced labor and commercial sexual exploitation in my home State of California. I think of Angela Guanzon locked into her abusive workplace, sleeping on the hallway floor. I think of Carissa Phelps being sold on the streets of Fresno at the age of 12 by a very violent pimp. Meeting them and having them testify showed me and many others that the horror of trafficking lies not in statistics, but in stolen lives. In the words of the great abolitionist, Frederick Douglass, enslavement is such an affront to human conscience that, in his words, ‘‘ . . . to expose it, is to kill it. Slavery is one of those monsters of darkness to whom the light of truth is death.’’ Exposing the harsh reality of human trafficking to international daylight is a central tenet of the legislation here that we are reauthorizing today. b1600 In the late 1990s, under the leadership of Congressman CHRIS SMITH, the author of today’s bill, the Foreign Affairs Committee initiated the Trafficking Victims Protection Act, which became law in 2000. That law created the annual Trafficking in Persons Report and the country tier rankings that put the issue on the radar screens of world governments for the first time and every year thereafter. I was proud to have supported that legislation. It created the possibility of sanctions against the worst offenders. It also established law enforcement and other domestic initiatives to combat trafficking within the United States, which have been refined in the multiple reauthorizations that have followed. The law has produced notable successes. More than 120 countries, in fact, have now enacted antitrafficking laws, and many are improving their prosecution and conviction of those who are involved in trafficking. Countless lives have been improved and have been saved as a result. In the TIP Report released 2 weeks ago, 27 countries were upgraded to a higher tier, and that is progress. But sustained pressure and scrutiny are needed. Enacting a law is not the same thing as enforcing it, and, unfortunately, 21 countries slipped to a lower tier in last year’s report. I am proud to be an original cosponsor of H.R. 2200, the Frederick Douglass Trafficking Victims Prevention and Protection Reauthorization Act, which continues and updates our fight against human trafficking. It extends until 2021 the current authorizations for our international and domestic programs, which expire at the end of September. It also contains multiple reforms and refinements to U.S. programs, and it strengthens the annual TIP Report and tier rankings. I am pleased that this bill incorporates the text of a bill of mine, H.R. 1625, the TARGET Act, which I introduced earlier this year and the House passed in March. This important provision turns the tables on international traffickers by authorizing the State Department to offer and publicize bounties for their arrest and for their conviction. I again want to thank the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BASS) for introducing this strong, bipartisan bill. I also want to thank the other seven committees of referral for the input and assistance they provided on the portions of the bill within their jurisdiction. H.R. 2200 is a critical contribution to the cause of human freedom and the cause of human dignity. It deserves our unanimous support. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, July 10, 2017. Hon. WILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, House Armed Services Committee, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN THORNBERRY : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Committee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 2200, the Frederick Douglass Trafficking Victims Prevention and Protection Reauthorization Act of 2017, so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of your committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this resolution or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any HouseSenate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 2200 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, July 12, 2017. Hon. EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing to you concerning H.R. 2200, the ‘‘Frederick Douglass Trafficking Victims Prevention and Protection Reauthorization Act of 2017.’’ There are certain provisions in the bill which fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Armed Services. In the interest of permitting your committee to proceed expeditiously to floor consideration of this important legislation, I am willing to waive this committee’s further consideration of H.R. 2200. I do so with the understanding that by waiving consideration of the bill, the Committee on Armed Services does not waive any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the legislation which fall within its Rule X jurisdiction. Please place a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest into the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Thank you for the cooperative spirit in which you have worked regarding this matter and others between our respective committees. Sincerely, WILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, July 10, 2017. Hon. VIRGINIA FOXX, Chairwoman, House Committee on Education and the Workforce, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRWOMAN FOXX: Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Committee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 2200, the Frederick Douglass Trafficking Victims Prevention and Protection Reauthorization Act of 2017, so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of your committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this resolution or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any HouseSenate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 2200 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE  WORKFORCE , Washington, DC, July 12, 2017. Hon. EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing to confirm our mutual understanding with respect to H.R. 2200, the Frederick Douglass Trafficking Victims Prevention and Protection Reauthorization Act of 2017. Thank you for consulting with the Committee on Education and the Workforce with regard to H.R. 2200 on those matters within the Committee’s jurisdiction. In the interest of expediting the House’s consideration of H.R. 2200, the Committee on Education and the Workforce will forgo further consideration of this bill. However, I do so only with the understanding this procedural route will not be construed to prejudice my committee’s jurisdictional interest and prerogatives on this bill or any other similar legislation and will not be considered as precedent for consideration of matters of jurisdictional interest to my committee in the future. I respectfully request your support for the appointment of outside conferees from the Committee on Education and the Workforce should this bill or a similar bill be considered in a conference with the Senate. I also request you include our exchange of letters on this matter in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House Floor. Thank you for your attention to these matters. Sincerely, VIRGINIA FOXX, Chairwoman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, July 10, 2017. Hon. GREGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN WALDEN : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Committee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 2200, the Frederick Douglass Trafficking Victims Prevention and Protection Reauthorization Act of 2017, so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of your committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this resolution or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any HouseSenate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 2200 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, July 12, 2017. Hon. EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN ROYCE : I write in regard to H.R. 2200, Frederick Douglass Trafficking Victims Prevention and Protection Reauthorization Act 2017, which was referred in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. I wanted to notify you that the Committee will forgo action on the bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. The Committee on Energy and Commerce takes this action with our mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of H.R. 2200, the Committee does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation and will be appropriately consulted and involved as this or similar legislation moves forward to address any remaining issues within the Committee’s jurisdiction. The Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this or similar legislation and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate your response confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 2020 and ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in your committee’s report on the legislation or the Congressional Record during its consideration on the House floor. Sincerely, GREGWALDEN . Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, July 10, 2017. Hon. BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Committee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 2200, the Frederick Douglass Trafficking Victims Prevention and Protection Reauthorization Act of 2017, so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of your committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this resolution or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any HouseSenate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 2200 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, July 12, 2017. Hon. EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN ROYCE : I write with respect to H.R. 2200, the ‘‘Frederick Douglass Trafficking Victims Prevention and Protection Reauthorization Act.’’ As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions within H.R. 2200 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I forego any further consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. The Judiciary Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of H.R. 2200 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legislation and that our committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House Senate conference involving this or similar legislation and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate a response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 2200 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. Sincerely, BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May 24, 2017. Hon. JASON CHAFFETZ , Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN CHAFFETZ : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Committee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 2200, the Frederick Douglass Trafficking Victims Prevention and Protection Reauthorization Act of 2017, so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of your committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this resolution or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any HouseSenate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 2200 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May 22, 2017. Hon. EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I write concerning H.R. 2200, the Frederick Douglass Trafficking Victims Prevention and Protection Reauthorization Act of 2017. As you know, the Committee on Foreign Affairs received an original referral and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform a secondary referral when the bill was introduced on April 27, 2017. I recognize and appreciate your desire to bring this legislation before the House of Representatives in an expeditious manner, and accordingly, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform will forego action on the bill. The Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of H.R. 2200 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation. Further, I request your support for the appointment of conferees from the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform during any HouseSenate conference convened on this or related legislation. Finally, I would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in any bill report filed by the Committee on Foreign Affairs, as well as in the Congressional Record during floor consideration, to memorialize our understanding. Sincerely, JASON CHAFFETZ , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, May 19, 2017. Hon. BILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN SHUSTER : Thank you for working with the Foreign Affairs Committee on mutually agreeable text edits, and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 2200, the Frederick Douglass Trafficking Victims Prevention and Protection Reauthorization Act of 2017, so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of your committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this resolution or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any HouseSenate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 2200 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  INFRASTRUCTURE , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May 19, 2017. Hon. EDROYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN ROYCE : I write concerning H.R. 2200, the ‘‘Frederick Douglass Trafficking Victims Prevention and Protection Reauthorization Act of 2017.’’ This legislation includes matters that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. In order to expedite Floor consideration of H.R. 2200, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure will forgo action on this bill. However, this is conditional on our mutual understanding that forgoing consideration of the bill does not prejudice the Committee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation that fall within the Committee’s Rule X jurisdiction. It is also conditional on our mutually agreed to changes to the text of the bill. I appreciate you working with us on the bill and request you urge the Speaker to name members of the Committee to any conference committee named to consider such provisions. Please place a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest in the Congressional Record during House Floor consideration of the bill. I look forward to working with the Committee on Foreign Affairs as the bill moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, BILLSHUSTER , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, May 16, 2017. Hon. KEVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN BRADY : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Committee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 2200, the Frederick Douglass Trafficking Victims Prevention and Protection Reauthorization Act of 2017, so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of your committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this resolution or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any HouseSenate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 2200 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, May 16, 2017. Hon. EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN ROYCE : I am writing with respect to H.R. 2200, the ‘‘Frederick Douglass Trafficking Victims Prevention and Protection Reauthorization Act of 2017,’’ on which the Committee on Ways and Means was granted an additional referral. As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions in H.R. 2200 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Ways and Means, I agree to waive formal consideration of this bill so that it may move expeditiously to the floor. The Committee on Ways and Means takes this action with the mutual understanding that we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and the Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our jurisdiction. The Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this or similar legislation, and requests your support for such request. Finally, I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding, and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 2200. Sincerely, KEVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2200, a bill to reauthorize $130 million in currently appropriated funds in order to continue, over the next 4 years, critical and necessary work to fight sex and labor trafficking. This bill builds upon the remarkable work of the original Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000, the cornerstone of Federal human trafficking legislation. I want to thank my colleagues Chairman ROYCE and especially Chairman CHRIS SMITH for his pioneering leadership. Despite great strides and the tremendous progress we have made in exposing and beginning to understand the complexities and growing obstacles of human trafficking, we still have much to do. I am particularly thankful for the inclusion of my language in section 103, which provides a modification to grants for victims services in order to provide a necessary focus on young victims in the child welfare system. Specifically, this section will amend the Trafficking Victims Protection Act to address a key reason children and women have difficulty leaving their exploiter: the lack of housing. They have nowhere to go. As with all antitrafficking measures, I am particularly concerned about what we are doing to combat the devastating epidemic of young girls in the foster care system falling prey to child exploitation and sex trafficking. The average age of a girl entering into sex trafficking is 12 years old. In 2016, an estimated one out of six endangered runaways reported to the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children were likely child sex trafficking victims. Of these reported victims, 86 percent were in the care of social services or foster care when they ran. One seasoned detective in Los Angeles recently reported during a demonstration on law enforcement technology used to identify victims that every single girl he has ever encountered through sex trafficking or commercially exploited sex activity has been in the child welfare system. It cannot be overstated that the purpose of the child welfare system is to protect children who are abused or neglected. It is our responsibility to make sure these children do not fall between the cracks. It is devastating to know that we have failed many of them. Just as if one of our own children in our family went missing, a child that is under the care of the government that goes missing demands our most aggressive response and effort to find, save, and protect them. Our most urgent priority should be disrupting the child welfaretotrafficking pipeline and finding better, more effective ways to meet the critical needs of this vulnerable population. In particular, as we continue to tackle child sex trafficking in the United States, it is imperative that we provide a special focus on the immediate and longterm housing needs of atrisk foster youth. Young girls and disconnected youth have particular and sensitive needs as trafficking victims. Current funding for housing and shelter for victims of child sex trafficking is insufficient to meet the growing demand for youth services, especially young foster girls exploited through their emotional and financial vulnerabilities. At every level of government, we have an urgent responsibility to shut down pathways for child sex trafficking and to invest in critical housing needs for vulnerable youth and girls. This responsibility includes supporting and adopting H.R. 2200. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH). He is the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, and, of course, he is the author of the original Trafficking Victims Protection Act. He is also the author of this bill today. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished chairman EDROYCE for yielding. I thank him for his leadership on trafficking, for this bill in particular, for the markup, and for all of the assistance he provided. I also thank ELIOT ENGEL , our ranking member. I thank them from the bottom of my heart. I want to thank KAREN BASS, the lead Democrat on the bill, for her exceptional leadership and her collaboration on this legislation. I want to thank Speaker RYAN and Majority Leader MCCARTHY . I have to say—and I have been working on human trafficking since about 1995, chaired probably more than 30 hearings and written four laws—I have never seen such a deep commitment to fighting trafficking and protecting victims 
than our leadership. It is unparalleled and it is inspired. KEVIN MCCARTHY helped ensure timely consideration. There are eight committees of referral. Sometimes that is a death knell for any bill. It is so hard to secure agreements and vote them out. Well, each of those chairmen and their staffs worked diligently and in good faith. At the end of the day, the leadership was there. They had our back on the legislation. I want to thank Chairman ROYCE , again, for his extraordinary leadership as well. Mr. Speaker, ever since the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 became law in 2000, combating human trafficking has been a major priority in the United States and, indeed, globally. Over the last 17 years, police and civil society organizations—many of them faith based—have identified and rescued more than 250,000 victims worldwide. Some put that number at close to 300,000. Prosecution of traffickers in the U.S. has increased by more than 500 percent, but, frankly, our task is far from accomplished. The International Labor Organization suggests that nearly 21 million people in the world today are enslaved, most of them women and children. That is unconscionable. Every human life is of infinite value. We have a duty to protect the weakest and most vulnerable from harm. The Frederick Douglass Trafficking Victims Prevention and Protection Reauthorization Act of 2017 is comprehensive. It is bipartisan, and it is designed to strengthen, expand, and create new initiatives to protect victims, prosecute traffickers, and prevent this cruelty and exploitation from happening in the first place. Title I of the bill focuses on combating trafficking in the United States. Title II focuses on the world. Title III authorizes appropriations of more than half a billion dollars over 4 years, including reauthorization of the TVPA of 2000. The legislation, Mr. Speaker, is named in honor of the incomparable Frederick Douglass on the eve of his 200th birthday. Born a slave in 1818, he escaped when he was 20 and heroically dedicated his entire life to abolishing slavery and, after emancipation, to ending the Jim Crow laws in order to achieve full equality for AfricanAmerican citizens. A gifted orator, author, editor, statesman, and Republican, he died in 1895. Human trafficking, Mr. Speaker, is modernday slavery that needs a Herculean effort to eradicate. Among its numerous provisions and one that is of special interest to the Frederick Douglass Family Initiative— and we worked very closely with them on this—it authorizes HHS grant money to ‘‘establish, expand, and support programs’’ to provide age appropriate information to students all across America to avoid becoming victims of sex and labor trafficking as well as to educate school staff to recognize and respond to signs of trafficking. It adopts a number of best practices, like for example making sure that when government employees book rooms, that we utilize hotels where they have initiated efforts and sponsored training to eradicate child sex trafficking. We do the same thing with airlines. The flight attendants—Delta is a classic example—once trained, can spot trafficking in progress, inform the pilot, and when that plane lands or jet lands, ensure that if there is a situation, there is an arrest of the traffickers and a rescue of the woman or children who are being trafficked. We will now try, to the best of our ability, to hold the airlines to account. There needs to be reporting. It is already the law that they should provide this training. Now we want to ensure that training actually happens. Chairman ROYCE talked about the TIP Report. Just a couple weeks ago, Secretary Tillerson announced the 2017 TIP Report. It is a voluminous and very accurate report about what is happening in 190 countries around the world, including the United States. Those countries that are designated Tier 3, egregious violator, are subject to sanctions. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. PERRY ). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 2 minutes to the gentleman. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I just want to commend the Trump administration for finally holding China to account as a Tier 3 violator. A worst offender. The pending bill makes a number of important reforms to the TIP Report and how it is prepared. My hope is that we will have an even better, more accurate, and more effective effort at holding countries to account. Again, this legislation applies to the United States for labor and sex trafficking as well as to the world. Again, I do want to thank all those who have been involved in it. Let me just say we worked on this bill for well over a year with ATEST; Polaris; IJM; World Vision; United; Humanity; ECPAT; United States Conference of Catholic Bishops; Shared Hope International; CATW; Ambassador Swanee Hunt; the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children, which provided valuable insight; and others. They were all very much a part of our effort. I also want to thank critical staff, including Luke Murray and Kelly Dixon, from the Majority Leader’s Office, who are outstanding—they get the job done, and they ask all the right questions about substance and process and helped us along—Doug Anderson, counsel of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs; Mary Noonan; my chief of staff, Piero Tozzi; Allison Hollabaugh; Krystal Williams, KAREN BASS’ staff member; and so many others on the committees that also made such a huge difference in enabling us to get this through all the committees to the floor today. I urge my colleagues to pass the bill. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE), who is the ranking member on the Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations Subcommittee of the Judiciary Committee. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me thank the authors of the legislation, Mr. SMITH and Ms. B ASS, for their leadership, and thank Chairman ROYCE  for again reemphasizing the importance of this in terms of all committees, including the number of committees that have been noted. Let me thank the cosponsors for acknowledging as well, Frederick Douglass. It is right that he was born in slavery, but he reminded us that there is no power without struggle, and there will have to be a struggle to end sex trafficking and human trafficking. Mr. Speaker, I am reminded of the 1990s, when I met my first real modern day slaves on the border of Bangladesh, where we were seeing women fleeing who had been trafficked and who had been utilized sexually. Their parents had sold them out of desperation. b1615 They were actual true slaves who were fleeing to the border of Bangladesh. That is a startling and stark recognition that in the 1990s, and now in the 21st century, slavery still exists. I am delighted to be an original cosponsor of this legislation and to have worked on these issues, and to acknowledge the commemoration of Mr. Douglass’ 200th birthday. So I am grateful for the $130 million in current funds appropriated to ensure a robust response to fight human trafficking; again, to do this at home and abroad; and to acknowledge the alliance to end slavery and trafficking at the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children, who are supporting this. The bill would also provide human services grants, opportunities to be used for educating children and staff in U.S. schools about human trafficking. Of course, it would help my own center in Houston, the Center to End Trafficking and Exploitation of Children, or CETEC. I thank them for their great work. It is the only center of its kind in Texas established to combat minor sex trafficking. In addition, this important bill helps many others. Let me conclude by simply saying that I support the idea of holding airlines accountable. We have been working with them. Homeland Security has been working with them. The flight attendants want to be engaged. All of us should be engaged in fighting sex trafficking. Mr. Speaker, I ask for support of the bill. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman 
from Ohio (Mr. C HABOT ), a senior member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 2200, H.R. 2480, and H.R. 2664, three overwhelmingly bipartisan bills curbing and combating modernday slavery at home and abroad. I want to particularly thank Chairman ROYCE , as well as Chairman S MITH and the gentlewoman from California, Ms. BASS, the ranking member, all who have been leaders in this area for quite some time now, and we appreciate that very much. As a parent, a grandparent now, and as a former teacher, I know that education empowers children. These bills on the floor today ensure that we are doing our utmost to allow every child across the globe the opportunity to reach their highest potential. That is why I introduced the bipartisan H.R. 2408, Protecting Girls’ Access to Education Act, earlier this year, along with my Democratic colleague, ROBIN KELLY . By providing access to safe primary and secondary education, our bill aims to offer educational opportunities to the approximately 62 million girls globally who are not in school. There are 62 million girls who are not in school. Similarly, these three bills, and the one that we are discussing right now on the floor today, are aimed at eradicating human trafficking and should improve every girl’s chances for a quality education and a more peaceful and stable life, both in the United States and abroad. Unfortunately, there are young girls and women here in this country who are vulnerable in the greatest country on the face of the Earth. Obviously, the problem is much worse across the globe. I want to thank all colleagues on both sides of the aisle for truly working in a bipartisan fashion to at least get a handle on one of the toughest things that we face globally, and that is child trafficking, human trafficking, and a whole range of issues along this line. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. GABBARD ). Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, too often we hear about human trafficking and sex slavery. It is often dismissed as a crime that only happens ‘‘over there’’—overseas or in a foreign country. The Global Slavery Index estimated that nearly 46 million people across 167 countries were victims of human trafficking in 2016. This problem is very real. But here at home, it is also a problem, where we have children and young people who are forced or coerced into sex work and hard labor in our communities all across the country. As America’s gateway to Asia, my home State of Hawaii sees an unprecedented number of people taken from their homes to be exploited here on our shores. In 2010, the FBI freed 400 Thai nationals from a Hawaii farm, the largest human trafficking case in our modern history. In Hawaii, I know personally of girls as young as 11 and 13 years old who were recruited from schools, malls, beaches, and other places, and exploited by traffickers. While every State, including Hawaii, has passed legislation to ban trafficking and classify it as a felony, clearly stronger, further action is needed to combat this modern, international slave trade. This bill, the Frederick Douglass Trafficking Victims Prevention and Protection Reauthorization Act, will do many things, including expanding programs to help educators recognize and respond to signs of human trafficking in minors to try to prevent this abuse and support local law enforcement as they identify prosecutors who will focus on cases involving sex and slave trafficking. I strongly support this legislation and urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ to give these innocent men, women, and children a chance for safe, proactive, and healthy lives in our communities. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. BEATTY ). Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Congresswoman KAREN  BASS of California, for her relentless work, and also my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, including Congressman CHRIS SMITH, for working on this. Mr. Speaker, today is a historic day. I stand on the U.S. House floor to advocate for the passage of the Frederick Douglass Trafficking Victims Prevention and Protection Reauthorization Act. I have had many meetings with Kenneth Morris, Frederick Douglass’ greatgreatgreatgrandson on this issue, sharing with him my work on my bill, H.R. 246, from the last Congress, which improves the response of victims of child sex trafficking. I am committed to ending human trafficking and to ensuring that this bill honoring Frederick Douglass’ legacy becomes a law. The Frederick Douglass Trafficking Victims Prevention and Protection Reauthorization Act puts $130 million in funding for the prevention, protection, and, yes, prosecution of human trafficking. This investment is so needed, Mr. Speaker, because victims of human trafficking often live in the shadows of society. That is why it is up to all of us and why it is a bipartisan bill. This legislation makes an investment in education. We have heard what it does with airports and what it does if you have survivors and government working together. So let me end by reminding all of us that, in the words of Frederick Douglass, if we talk about protecting our children and preventing human sex trafficking, he would say, as he has said, ‘‘It is easier to build strong children’’ than to repair a broken system. Let us talk about protection. These young girls and boys are sometimes held by invisible chains. We are here today to remove those chains. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. FRANKEL ). Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I also give my thanks to Mr. ROYCE ; Mr. SMITH; and my colleague, Ms. BASS, for their leadership. I am very proud to be part of this bipartisan act to stop what we call modernday slavery of men, women, and children. Human trafficking is a global crisis of epic proportions. After drug trafficking, it is the number two criminal enterprise on Earth. Yes, it happens right here in our own backyard. Recently, I met Shandra. She is a mother; a college graduate; and formerly a banker in Indonesia, until a financial crisis hit. Looking for a better life for her family, she came legally to the United States, taking what she thought was a job in the hospitality industry. The minute she landed in the United States of America, her hopes turned into a living hell. It is hard to put what happened to her in words. Shandra’s new employer held her by force. With threats of violence, he drugged her and sold her into prostitution day after day, for years. Finally, after multiple attempts to escape, she actually climbed through a bathroom window and went to safety. Mr. Speaker, shockingly, as we speak here in this room today, there are millions of innocent victims like Shandra who are held in some form of cruel servitude. Our effort today will save lives and prevent horrific suffering. I am proud to be part of these efforts. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY ). Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague and friend for yielding, and I thank her for her extraordinary leadership. I would like to be associated with her comments describing this horrific crime. Human trafficking outpaces drugs and guns as the world’s fastest growing and most prosperous criminal activity. But unlike guns and drugs, which can only be sold once, in trafficking, the human body is sold over and over and over again until it kills the person. I very strongly support the ending of this modernday slavery through the Frederick Douglass Trafficking Victims Prevention and Protection Reauthorization Act. I have worked closely with Representative SMITH since 1995, 
Representative P OE, Representative WAGNER , and others, to combat this despicable crime. This legislation, first passed in 2000, revolutionized U.S. efforts against trafficking here and abroad. It included language I offered targeting traffic on the demand side, which is very important and key to punishing the real criminals here: pimps, johns, and traffickers who buy and sell their victims. This legislation makes improvements to programs and policies that combat trafficking here and around the world. It helps law enforcement in their efforts to prosecute, which is growing. It improves professional training to identify potential trafficking victims and provides services to enable survivors to rebuild their lives with dignity. Perpetrators of modernday slavery are profiting to the tune of $150 billion a year. We need a coordinated, comprehensive approach to stop it. I urge all of my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ This bill saves lives. It is important. I am thrilled to be part of the effort to combat human trafficking in our world. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. DAVIS). Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues, CHRIS SMITH and KAREN BASS, for spearheading this important bill and for really putting tremendous energy into it. Mr. Speaker, far too often, it is our children who fall victim to the horror of human trafficking. As you have heard this afternoon, we must do everything that we can to stop this injustice. Often it has been said of human trafficking that it is hiding in plain sight. Advocates and survivors are always telling me that it is important to punish traffickers, but we also need to focus on prevention. The reauthorization of the Frederick Douglass Trafficking Victims Prevention and Protection Reauthorization Act strengthens what we need in this holistic approach. It includes my bill, the Empowering Educators to Prevent Trafficking Act. This language in the bill creates a training program that I think you have heard about that empowers educators to spot the signs of trafficking and, in turn, teach their students how to protect themselves from becoming victims. With the passage of this bill, our schools can join the resistance in the fight against trafficking. Armed with knowledge, students and teachers can join the battle lines against the injustice of modernday slavery. I want to thank all those who have participated in this bill, and I urge my colleagues to support it. b1630 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the author of this important legislation, Mr. CHRIS SMITH; and I thank Chairman ROYCE for bringing it to the floor. I support this bill and I encourage my colleagues to do so as well. Mr. Speaker, I yield back that balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would just mention, Mr. Speaker, that 20 years ago, human trafficking was unknown, I think, to most Americans and there was little public awareness of the severity of what we are calling here today modernday slavery. Seventeen years ago, Congress led on this issue by passing the Trafficking Victims Protection Act. We had very strong bipartisan support, and the rankings, the sanctions, the programs created by that law have been instrumental in building the momentum and awareness that exists out there today. And with each reauthorization, those laws have been finetuned, they have been strengthened. This bill continues that tradition. It is time to recommit ourselves to this noble fight against slavelike labor and sexual exploitation of underage children. I have asked some of the victims why it is that so many of these criminal gangs move from drug running and other kinds of activity into this kind of behavior, and part of the response is: Because, you know, in a drug war, a gang member can get himself killed, but it is a lot easier to exploit a 14 yearold underage girl, it is a lot easier to be in that kind of business than it is in the more dangerous business. We have got to overcompensate for this reality by passing legislation which allows these additional tools to be used to close down these criminal syndicates and to create real deterrence for those gang members who consider going into this line of work. So I thank Mr. SMITH, Congresswoman KAREN BASS, and all my fellow cosponsors on this bill. It deserves our strong support. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2200, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material on H.R. 23. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. VALADAO ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 431 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 23. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PERRY ) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b1634 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 23) to provide drought relief in the State of California, and for other purposes, with Mr. PERRY in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. HUFFMAN ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ). Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 5 minutes. Mr. Chairman, in California, 5 years of historic drought caused billions of dollars of damage to our economy, destroyed tens of thousands of jobs, and brought many communities within just months of literally running out of water, all because we couldn’t store water from the wet years to assure plenty in the drought years. Then back to back with this historic drought, we have just had one of the wettest winters on record. Massive torrents of water threatened entire communities on its way to be wasted in the Pacific Ocean, all because of the very same problem: we have few reservoirs to store this superabundance of water for the next drought. Even before the drought, massive water diversions required by a growing tangle of laws and regulations had created devastating economic hardship in California’s fertile Central Valley. Those same policies forced us to release what precious little water we had remaining behind our dams to adjust river temperatures for fish. For three Congresses now, the House has acted to fix this folly. Today, H.R. 23, the GROW Act, by Congressman DAVID VALADAO , addresses the policy, regulatory, and administrative failures that have mismanaged our water supplies across the West. The GROW Act includes both short term and longterm provisions aimed at restoring water reliability and certainty to cities and farms. It includes seven titles that expand water storage, improve infrastructure, protect water rights, and create more abundant and reliable water resources to benefit both communities and the environment. 
The GROW Act gives Federal agencies the tools they need to help safeguard communities from the hardship of future droughts. It codifies the historic BayDelta accord that provided an equitable balance between human and environmental needs and guaranteed the reliability and predictability of our water supplies. It strengthens northern California areaoforigin water rights and prevents the Federal Government from demanding that people give up their water rights in order to operate on Federal land. It streamlines the endlessly time consuming and costprohibitive environmental permitting that is blocking new reservoir construction by coordinating Federal agencies and requiring transparency of the science behind its decisions. It requires completion of studies for five new reservoirs that have dragged on for decades. In the past, we have heard three objections from opponents. The first is it will decimate salmon fisheries. On the contrary, it saves those fisheries where the environmental policies of the past 40 years have utterly failed to protect them. The GROW Act targets the nonnative predators that are responsible for 90 percent of salmon losses as the smolts try to make their way to the ocean. It encourages the use of fish hatcheries to assure that salmon populations will increase dramatically in future years. The second objection is that it will preempt State water rights laws. Read section 302 of the bill. ‘‘The Secretary of the Interior is directed, in operation of the Central Valley Project, to adhere to California’s water rights laws governing water rights priorities . . .’’ It goes on to say that diversions ‘‘shall not be undertaken in a manner that alters the water rights priorities established by California law.’’ It does have provisions necessary to codify the BayDelta agreement and combat invasive predators, but this doesn’t set a precedent for other States. California is unique among the States in the fact that it operates with a coordinated operating agreement that combines the Federal Central Valley Project and the California State water projects and runs them as a unified system. This was at the request of California and with its consent. The third objection is that it rewards powerful agricultural interests at the expense of consumers. This is nonsense. An average consumer uses roughly 100 gallons a day to wash the dishes, water the lawn, everything else we do in our daily lives. But when you purchase a cheeseburger, you have just consumed 750 gallons of water because that is what it takes to grow the ingredients in that cheeseburger. Buy a pair of jeans, you have just used 1,800 gallons of water. The fact is that all of this water benefits consumers and the tens of thousands of farm workers and others who provide for their families from this water. Droughts are nature’s fault. Water shortages are our fault. They are a choice we made a generation ago when we chose to neglect our infrastructure and mismanage our water resources. It has led to increasingly severe water shortages, spiraling utility and grocery bills, and economic stagnation. The GROW Act chooses a brighter future of abundance and prosperity that can begin today with our vote. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, so much for regular order. The bill before us today has not received a hearing in committee where witnesses could have testified about its effects. It has not gone through the markup process so that the committee of jurisdiction could actually debate and offer amendments to improve it. Moreover, we are about to vote on a bill with several provisions that no one has ever seen before last Wednesday, aside from a small group of Republican offices and special interests that have been working on the bill. Now, this closeddoor process not only ignores the changing conditions of drought in California and how the State has already been adapting to meet water conservation needs, but it also ignores all of California’s water provisions that were included, albeit at the last minute, in the WIIN Act last year, which is now Federal law. There has been no discussion, no hearing, no way to know how the provisions of this bill that overlap with the enacted law will actually be implemented by the Trump administration. This is legislating blind, and it is a bad idea. On some level, I do understand my Republican colleagues’ fear of regular order on this bill. The more sunlight and public scrutiny that this bill gets, the uglier it looks. Make no mistake, if enacted, this bill will hurt a lot of people. This bill takes water away from fishermen, from tribes, the environment, Delta farmers, and others in order to redistribute it primarily to a small group of some of the Nation’s biggest and most politically connected agribusiness interests. My Republican colleagues often talk about States’ rights, yet this bill repeatedly overrides State laws over the objection of that State. I am talking, of course, about California. A letter of opposition to H.R. 23 recently came from Governor Jerry Brown, sent to the speaker of the house in the California Congressional Delegation attesting to this. Governor Brown writes: ‘‘This bill overrides California water law, ignoring our State’s prerogative to oversee our waters. Commandeering our laws for purposes defined in Washington is not right.’’ This assault on California law and its values are why both California Senator D IANNE FEINSTEIN and Senator K AMALA  HARRIS oppose this bill as well. Now, here are just a few examples of the sections in this bill that preempt State law. Section 108(d) begins with the words ‘‘California law is preempted’’ on page 21, paragraph 3. That section goes on to remove State protections for certain fisheries. Section 113 of the bill preempts California law that requires the restoration of California’s second longest river and that river’s native salmon runs. Section 108 of the bill tells the State of California that it is barred from managing the State’s water in any way that would ‘‘protect, enhance, or restore . . . any public trust value.’’ In other words, the broader public interest can’t be considered by the State when it is managing the water that belongs to the people of California. Additionally, this bill eliminates existing fishery protections, which could put many of California’s native fisheries and the thousands of jobs they support on a path to extinction. That means that this is more than just a California problem, because fishing communities in Oregon and Washington also depend on California salmon runs. There was a recent UC Davis report that found that if present trends continue, many of California’s salmon runs are on a path to extinction in the decades ahead. This bill would hasten that prediction into reality. This is not just an environmental impact. It is a human one as well. We have heard from fishermen who are struggling to pay their mortgages, boats are being scrapped because owners can’t pay mooring fees, homes are being repossessed. We have heard about the struggles of smallbusiness owners running restaurants, hotels, and other retail and service businesses. We have also heard from Indian Country, like the Hoopa Valley Tribe that I represent, and others about the danger that this bill poses to tribal fisheries, to tribal water, fishing, property, and other rights. b1645 Rather than simply picking winners and losers, as this destructive bill does, Congress should be working together to grow water supplies for everyone without violating Tribal responsibilities or overriding State sovereignty. Congress could be supporting a range of modern water technologies like reuse, desalination, water use efficiency, storm water capture, and groundwater storage and remediation. These are the tools that have increased California’s water supplies in recent years and are making our State more drought resilient, but this bill does none of that. These are not controversial suggestions working on these modern water supply tools; in fact, it was the reclamation commissioner for President George W. Bush who described the water that we could tap through reuse as the next great river of the American 
West. We should be focusing on those kind of noncontroversial consensus solutions. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. NUNES ), who has been a leader on this issue for more than two decades. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. MCCLINTOCK for yielding me the time and for his kind words. Mr. Chairman, I am not going to respond to the other side of the aisle because some things that are said on this floor are so ridiculous that they don’t deserve a response. So I just want to talk today, Mr. Chairman, about the facts that we face in the San Joaquin Valley. So in the southern and central San Joaquin Valley, we have about 3 million acres of farm ground, land that is the most fertile farmland in the world—not just in the United States, in the world. We are in danger of losing about a third of that farmland largely because the leftwing government in California has overreached so far that they are now taking away people’s private property rights. So I want to talk first about our water shortage. So this is the shortage of water that we have in the valley. So it is about 2.6 million acre feet are what we need on average to farm all of the land that we have historically farmed in our area. Now, these are farms that provide food for not only the people of the United States and all over the world but also for the families that work on these farms. So we hear a lot about drought, and we have had supposedly a severe drought, and it was no question a severe drought, but what the left continues to not want to talk about is all the water that gets dumped out into the ocean every year. So just from October of last year to just a couple days ago, 46 million acre feet of water have gone out to the ocean. So if you go back to the chart I just had, we are only short 2.6 million acre feet. So of the water that has flown into the delta in the middle of California, 92 percent of that water has gone out to the ocean, and it has been wasted. Now, some on the other side of the aisle, they continually talk about global warming, and they continually talk about how the oceans are rising. Well, if you believe the oceans are rising, why would you want more water to flow out into the ocean? I don’t understand that. So this is about a million acres of farmland that is going to come out of production if we don’t do anything about it. About 1 million acres over the next decade will begin to come out of production. In fact, some this year is already out of production because none of the water was moved early enough so that it could get to farms in time. So even though we have flooding—so this picture was taken just a couple days ago—this is water spilling over the top of the dam that is going to go all the way out into the ocean and be wasted, for an ocean that supposedly is rising because of global warming. So this is happening because, as Mr. MCCLINTOCK said, we are not building water storage projects. So what this bill does is it reverts back to what the Founding Fathers of our State built, mostly Democrats, by the way. It was Democrats working with the Republicans who built this water system in California. So if we take the existing water system that we have, we add to that four or five facilities, like Mr. MCCLINTOCK is talking about, all the land gets farmed, all the species get saved, everybody goes to work. What you will not hear from the left, and this is very disturbing, I only picked the least disturbing of all the pictures, but I think it is important for people here in Washington and all over the United States to understand this, this is just one family of many of thousands of families where their homes actually ran out of water. So this picture is not from Africa, it is not from somewhere in Southeast Asia. This is a picture from my area, from my district, from the central and southern San Joaquin Valley. These are people who are out of water. So the left always talks about wanting to protect people, wanting people to be able to work, yet we have people with no water in their homes, and yet they are willing to see 92 percent of the water flush right out by the Golden Gate Bridge and be wasted for an ocean that supposedly is filling up. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. We often hear about water that flows through the estuary of California’s BayDelta system, we hear that sometimes described as wasted. There are some inconvenient facts that we have to bring up when that happens, like the fact that almost all of that water that flows out through the estuary is to prevent salt water intrusion so that the State and Federal water pumps aren’t sending salty water to millions of Californians. That wouldn’t work. In fact, if we shut down all of that outflow that my colleague just mentioned, that is exactly what you would see: massive salt water intrusion and a shutdown of the State and Federal water projects. There is also incredible value in the water that flows through that estuary for downstream communities and farmers and senior water right holders, and others who have depended on it for decades. No one understands that better than my colleague who represents some of those communities in the estuary, in the delta, MIKETHOMPSON . Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. THOMPSON ). Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this bill, and I rise on behalf of the fishermen, the landowners, the delta and northofdelta farmers, the conservationists, the sportsmen, coastal communities, the counties in my district, and the water users across our State that will be harmed by this bill. This is a disappointing effort to take care of the San Joaquin Valley’s massive agro businesses at the expense of everyone else. More times than I can count, I have stood on this floor with many of my colleagues from California to explain that our State’s water system is complicated. It is because there are hundreds of stakeholders. There are decades of rules, laws, and court cases from every level of government and industry that regulate the delivery of water to users across our State. Once again, this body is proposing to endrun that delicate balance to benefit one interest. That is wrong. Once again, we are gutting Federal protections for fish and wildlife that support our State’s $3.5 billion hunting and angling industry and our $1.5 billion salmon industry. Once again, we are preempting California laws and regulations, telling States across America that we are okay with the Federal Government undermining State and local experts from coast to coast, but this time they are going further. This bill isn’t just about water anymore. It is about giving contractors a pass on their obligations to be good stewards of the resources they are using in the Central Valley of California; it is about reneging on this body’s commitment to the restoration of wildlife and habitat that have suffered the consequences of water management plans that already put them last; it is about cutting stakeholders out of the picture and determining winners and losers in Federal statute; taking a blunt ax to our State’s water system over the objections of our Governor, both of our Senators, and many of our colleagues in the House. This is wrong for California. It won’t alleviate water shortages, but it will kill jobs, and it will ruin drinking water for millions. We need real solutions that are based on sound science and that work for everyone. This bill is not that solution. It is bad for California’s economy, bad for our State sovereignty, and bad for our environment. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. VALADAO ), the author of this legislation. Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Chairman, the first slide that I wanted to present here is one that I think is very important when we talk about water going out into the ocean. The first bar there, the dark blue one, is how much water was flowing through the estuary this past year. The second bar is actually a little bit of an exaggeration. If we took every 
single reservoir that we propose in this bill, multiplied it by ten—ten times the amount of storage that we are proposing—we still wouldn’t use all that water. There would still be quite a bit of water flowing out into the ocean. So multiply every single project times ten, and we still don’t use up all the water. So there was a lot of water wasted this year alone that we had the opportunity to capture if this bill had been presented earlier or passed into law, and we had the opportunity to actually make a difference. Why does that make a difference to so many folks? It makes a difference because the Central Valley is very important to the country. We feed the Nation. When you look at all the different commodities, and this is just a small sample, we produce over 400 different commodities, and a lot of these, a big majority, some of them as much as 99 percent of the different commodities that go through. So everyone sitting at home around the country should pay attention, because this affects their food supply. Even here in the Capitol, when you make yourself a salad at the salad bar, those salads, all those different products are produced mostly in the Central Valley, and so that is why this legislation is so important. The reason why it is important to my farmers to get this done, even in a year like this, where we had a 200 percent rainfall, with the amount of water that was flowing through that was, again, in my opinion, wasted, they didn’t find out until it was too late. Planning decisions need to be made over at the beginning of this when the rain is coming down and they know that the water is there, not in March or in April, because the opportunity has passed. Farmers are very optimistic people. They put stuff in the ground, cover it with dirt, and hope that it will grow so they can feed the world, but having them wait until April to make those decisions to plant those commodities and create those jobs is just way too late. Now, this is the one that I think is the most important. This is Mendota, California. This is a farm worker. This is what happens when we allow water to flow out into the ocean that is wasted. People are living in shantytowns. These are people who want to work and people who want to feed the world, people who want to provide for their own families, and not wait for a check from the government. They just want to know when they are getting their water so that they can start to produce crops and feed the world, but this, because of the policies through Washington, D.C., is what we end up with. Now all the folks who represent parts of my community in different ways, whether it is the water district, city, city councils, county governments, they have all sent in letters in support. I include in the RECORD a list of all the folks who sent in letters in support of the legislation. GROUPS SUPPORTING H.R. 23 Agricultural Retailers Association; ASV Wines; Blue Diamond Growers; California Cattlemen’s Association; California Citrus Mutual; California Farm Bureau Federation; California Fresh Fruit Association; California Poultry Federation; California Water Alliance; City of Arvin; City of Atwater; City of Avenal; City of Clovis; City of Coalinga; City of Corcoran; City of Delano; City of Dinuba; City of Exeter; City of Farmersville; City of Firebaugh. City of Fowler; City of Fresno; City of Hanford; City of Huron; City of Kerman; City of Kingsburg; City of Lemoore; City of Lindsay; City of McFarland; City of Mendota; City of Orange Cove; City of Parlier; City of Porterville; City of Reedley; City of San Joaquin; City of Sanger; City of Selma; City of Shafter; City of Tulare; City of Visalia; City of Wasco; City of Woodlake; Coalinga Chamber of Commerce; Corcoran Chamber of Commerce; Delano Chamber of Commerce. Fresno Association of Realtors; Fresno Chamber of Commerce; Fresno County Board of Supervisors; Fresno County Farm Bureau; Fresno Economic Opportunities Commission; Fresno State; Friant Water Authority; Giumarra Vineyards; Gravelly Ford Water District; Greater Bakersfield Chamber of Commerce; Greater Reedley Chamber of Commerce; Hanford Chamber of Commerce; Kaweah Delta Water Conservation District; Kerman Chamber of Commerce; Kern County Board of Supervisors. Kern County EDC; Kern County Farm Bureau; Kern County Hispanic Chamber of Commerce; Kern County Water Agency; Kern Ridge Growers, LLC; Kings County Board of Realtors; Kings County Board of Supervisors; Kings County Farm Bureau; Kings County Sheriff’s Department; Kings River Conservation District/Water Association; Lakeside Irrigation Water District; Lemoore Chamber of Commerce; Madera County Farm Bureau; Merced County Farm Bureau. Munger Farms; Municipal Water District of Orange County; National Milk Producers Federation; Nickel Family, LLC; Premier Valley Realty; San Joaquin River Exchange Contractors; San Joaquin Valley Water Infrastructure; Authority; Shafter Chamber of Commerce; South Valley Water Association. Sunview Vineyards; Tipton Community Council; Tulare Chamber of Commerce; Tulare County Association of Governments; Tulare County Association of Realtors; Tulare County Board of Supervisors; Tulare County Farm Bureau; Tule River Association; Western Growers; Westlands Water District 
Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Chairman, I think we need to have good, sound policy. I think it is time for the Governor and our Senators to play a role in this as well. This bill has been passed. We have gotten some things passed, and I know that my friend across the aisle mentioned that earlier, but even after the WIIN Act was passed into law, we still had a delay in decisions made, because our farmers had no clue that they were getting their water. So we have to pass legislation like this, this bill right here, and this is what can be helpful for us in the Central Valley in California and the Nation as a whole. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MATSUI ). Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 23. Yet, again, it seems that instead of addressing the issues underlying California’s water supply, some of my colleagues are more interested in fanning the flames of century old water disputes. The city of Sacramento, which I represent, sits at the confluence of two major rivers, the Sacramento and the American. Because there is no such thing as an average water year in California, living under the threat of drought and flood has become a way of life for Sacramento residents. We are working with the Army Corps to invest billions of dollars in flood protection, and we are collaborating with the Bureau of Reclamation to build a groundwater bank and a water recycling facility to increase access to drinking water. Congress should explore real solutions to drought challenges, as the Sacramento region is doing. In the short term, we must be efficient about fixing leaks and waste while also continuing conservation efforts. In the longterm, we should be taking advantage of new technologies to monitor our water use and making investments in wastewater cycling in above and belowground water storage. Last Congress, I introduced a commonsense bill that removed barriers to wastewater cycling projects, making it possible for them to move forward more quickly and efficiently with Federal support. It ultimately became law. Yet instead of debating these types of solutions, we are wasting time on a bill that does not solve our underlying water supply problem. b1700 I grew up on a farm in the Central Valley. My father, my uncles, and my grandfather were farmers. We raised peaches, plums, nectarines, and grapes. I recall living and understanding what water means to us, so I do understand the value and sensitivities about water. Now, in the Sacramento region, where I now represent, we have tried to take a balanced approach, working to protect the environment while providing water for our farms and our cities. It is misleading to claim that H.R. 23 will solve our drought problems. This legislation only prioritizes certain regions or industries instead of taking the comprehensive approach we need. And by giving the Federal Government power to dictate the best uses of the State’s water, H.R. 23 sets a disastrous precedent for other States across the country that should raise alarm on both sides of the aisle. The bill we are discussing today undermines a State’s autonomy. Ultimately, I am concerned that this bill will weaken environmental protections for the SacramentoSan Joaquin delta, and harm our State’s ability to manage its own water. That is why I join my district and the State of California in strongly opposing this bill. We cannot afford to 
give up California’s right to control its own water future. We must focus on an alloftheabove strategy that puts us on the path to a sustainable water supply while protecting our environment. Mr. Chairman, I strongly urge my colleagues to reject this legislation. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ). Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Chairman, the reason we are here today has to do with the drought in California that, frankly, could have been solved had we been allowed to move forward with the storage that we need. Because the process now is one of watching the rains come, watch the water run out to the ocean, and we do not have the ability to block the red tape that prevents us from building the storage that would hold that water so that we can use it during the drought. What was the consequence of us not being able to address that? And why is it so important that we pass the GROW Act here that DAVID VALADAO from the Central Valley has introduced? Well, the consequences were one of having thousands of jobs disappear. The consequences were having dead crops plowed under in hundreds of thousands of acres of farmland that had been left idle. The consequences were that billions of dollars were lost in the State. And, frankly, the State of California produces 400 commodities that are onethird of the country’s vegetables. It is twothirds of this country’s fruit. It is twothirds of the nuts produced. The industry brings in $47 billion. When this happens, the consequences are felt by the farmers and by the people across California, by those thrown out of their jobs. This is an incredibly important industry not only in California, but for the entire country. So, for years, we haven’t gotten the water we paid for or contracted for. But not to let us go forward with the additional storage and to put roadblocks in front of that, to absolutely block commonsense solutions, this has got to stop. This is why this legislation needs to be made into law. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, just to clarify, our environmental laws are not preventing new dams from being built. In fact, the Bureau of Reclamation, the GAO, and the Congressional Research Service have looked at this and haven’t been able to identify a single—nor my colleagues across the aisle have been able to identify a single dam project that somehow was blocked because of environmental laws. What has been stopping many of them—not all, but many of them—has been the financing challenge because many of these projects just don’t make a lot of sense. It is important to realize that projects that do make sense have moved forward. They have secured financing. They haven’t needed special shortcuts from the environmental laws. And they have happened, projects like Diamond Valley, projects like Los Vaqueros, probably the coming expansion of Los Vaqueros. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ). Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding to me. We, in the San Joaquin Valley, know that where food grows, water flows. That is not just a saying; that is the truth. It takes water to grow the food that we rely on to sustain ourselves. Luckily, this year, we have been blessed with an abundance of rain and snow on the mountains—a record year. However, it is only because of the wettest year in California’s historical record that the agricultural heartland of California, a place where half of our Nation’s fruits and vegetables are grown, is, this year, free from drought. Only 1 year ago, over 83 percent of California was in a moderate drought or worse. We know that the next drought is sure to come, threatening valley families and farm communities. It is either feast or famine. We measure water on 10year averages. That is why we need solutions that solve this long term challenge. I commend Congressman VALADAO  for continuing this effort. As I noted in a letter I wrote to him in February, though, I have concerns that this legislation, without some improvements, will fail to be that longterm solution that the valley and our State so desperately needs. This solution must be, at the end of the day, multifaceted, must not pick winners and losers, as California water policies in the past have so frequently done, to the detriment of both the agricultural economy, which we have felt, and California’s ecosystems. Sadly, some of the provisions within this legislation, in my opinion, I think fail to meet this test. Language within titles 1 and 3 would pose threats to the wetlands of Grasslands Ecological Area, the largest wetlands west of the Mississippi, a vital component of the Pacific Flyway, in an area that contributes nearly $73 million a year alone to Merced County, which I represent. Section 106 would drastically cut collections to the Central Valley Project Restoration Fund, which pays for refuge water conveyance—that is very important—and that would transfer oversight of the fund to other water users. It would also, I think, supersede State laws in some areas that, frankly, over the experience I have had, in many years, will create more problems than it solves. In addition to these concerns, I know from having worked on water solutions for over 30 years that both here and in Sacramento, the only path to legislative success is through bipartisan, bicameral action, as we experienced in December with the passage of the WIIN Act that, by the way, authorized four reservoirs that was contained in the WIIN Act that Senator FEINSTEIN and I and Republicans in the House worked on together in a very constructive way. So, as always, I stand ready to work with my colleagues in both the House and the Senate on a bipartisan basis to improve this legislation and get solutions to fix California’s broken water system to the President’s desk. I support moving this legislation forward to the Senate. But let’s be clear, this is a work in progress, and much more work remains for this legislation, I think, to be successful. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ), the dean of the Republican delegation to the House. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Last winter, two miracles occurred 3,000 miles apart. Here in Washington, our Nation’s Capital, Republicans and Democrats came together and passed a significant water bill that was signed into law. Back in California, we saw massive amounts of rainfall that came down in our droughtstricken State, quickly filling our depleted reservoirs. But I think we can actually take another big step forward by passing H.R. 23, the GROW Act. This bill before us provides even more longterm water solutions for California by expediting the consideration of feasibility studies for water storage projects that have languished for periods of time that are longer than it took to actually build the Hoover Dam. The GROW Act also includes provisions that are critical to the BayDelta operations and help improve water reliability. Last year, Mr. Chairman, you heard a lot of doomsday predictions from certain groups that said the language we passed would push threatened species towards extinction. That did not happen. Today you hear a lot of the same talk. But solutions to H.R. 23 are common sense and will bring reliability to the water supply of California. Mr. Chairman, I encourage a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCNERNEY ). Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, we see this bill every Congress. That is, every 2 years we fight this thing out. Let’s talk about what it would do. It would weaken the Endangered Species Act—that has been a target of the Republican Party for decades. It will benefit one region while harming another. It will make a few people very wealthy. It will likely cause additional drainage problems for the Westlands and other water districts. It will cause ocean salt water to come farther inland in the California delta, poisoning farmland, destroying marinas, disrupting water supplies for cities along the delta, basically destroying the delta as we now know it. It will use precious limited water to plant evermore thirsty orchards in the desert. And it may expedite the creation of new dams with weakened environmental control. 
So let’s look at what it won’t do. It won’t create any new water. So why do we have to go through this every 2 years? It is good political theater for some colleagues, but it is not going to get through the Senate. But all may not be lost. Here is a novel suggestion: work across party lines, work across northern versus southern California lines, and come to a compromise that will actually create new water and take all stakeholder interests into account. We need to take a holistic approach. It means actually funding recycling and above and belowground water storage that makes environmental sense. It means capturing stormwater, early leak detection, data collection, efficiency, and conservation. It is all of these things, all of which can be done in a costeffective way that prepares us for the longterm. There are countless recharge, recycling, desalinization projects, as well as other storage projects that are ready to go and could create or save enough water for thousands of families in California. Instead of considering a bill that wastes water and that California opposes, we should be discussing how to most efficiently utilize the rain and snowpack we have, which can be done while protecting the environment. Let’s oppose this bill and start working on legislation that can be signed into law and benefit everyone. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ), the chairman of the bipartisan Western Caucus. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 23, legislation sponsored by my good friend and Western Caucus member, DAVID VALADAO . For years, Western communities have suffered as a result of frivolous lawsuits, inefficient policies, and burdensome regulations that have prevented adoption of commonsense water solutions. These factors, coupled with a lack of rainfall, exacerbated a manmade drought that lasted for 5 years. Rather than capturing precious water supplies, failed government policies that refused to put Americans first allowed billions of gallons to be funneled into the San Francisco Bay and Pacific Ocean. These deliberate diversions killed thousands of jobs, harmed our country’s food supply, and led to local unemployment levels as high as 40 percent. Today we have an opportunity to right these wrongs by passing the GROW Act, legislation that is supported by approximately 100 different cities, agriculture groups, water associations, irrigation districts, local chambers of commerce, and businesses throughout the country. Most of the major provisions in this bill have been passed by this body numerous times. In fact, we have been working to enact similar legislation for nearly 5 years. For example, title V includes Western Caucus member TOMMCCLINTOCK ’s Water Supply Permitting Coordination Act, an excellent bill that will streamline the permitting process for important water storage projects. Title VI includes Western Caucus member DANNEWHOUSE ’s Bureau of Reclamation Water Project Streamlining Act, muchneeded legislation that will result in increased storage of surface water. Title VII includes Western Caucus Vice Chairman TIPTON ’s Water Rights Protection Act, an essential bill that protects private water rights from Federal takings. I strongly support these titles and the underlying bill. It is far past time that we put our communities, families, and America first. H.R. 23 addresses previous policy failures and adopts worthwhile water policies that will benefit future generations. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from California for sponsoring this muchneeded legislation, and I urge my colleagues to vote in support of this commonsense bill. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I want to briefly respond to my friend’s reference to a manmade drought. What California just went through is what hydrologists, scientists, and historians tell us is the most significant drought the State has ever experienced—a natural one. I certainly knew that human activities were impacting the climate, but, wow, if human beings could actually cause the snowpack to be 5 percent of normal and cause a drought like that, that is taking humaninduced climate change to a whole new level. We have got to be careful in this debate. We are beginning to give hyperbole a bad name. b1715 Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ), representing the Sacramento Valley. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, we have a serious case of legislative amnesia here. Apparently, the sponsors of this bill and those who are speaking in support of it have totally forgotten what we did last year. The WIIN Act last year addressed every single problem that has been presented here this afternoon: new reservoirs, four were authorized in the WIIN Act, which became law less than a year ago—7 months, to be exact; all of the issues of the outflows of water to the delta were addressed so that additional export of water from the delta could occur. I am wondering: What are we doing here with this piece of legislation, aside from totally eviscerating the protections for the largest estuary on the West Coast, of the Western Hemisphere? The environmental protections are eviscerated. What are we doing with this legislation besides—oh, you wanted to talk about private water rights? Those private water rights are set in place by the laws of the State of California, which are overridden by this piece of legislation. Yes, that is true. This legislation removes the water rights that the State of California has given to individuals as well as irrigation districts, but they are stripped away. What is this all about? Last year, a 2year effort was completed and the WIIN Act was passed by this Congress, signed into law. It is in existence. Reservoirs can be built. Water conservation will take place. All of the things that we need to do are in place today. So why are we fighting this fight? Because we don’t know how to stop fighting? Because we don’t know how to actually implement a law that we passed last year? And, by the way, where is the funding for all you want to do here? There is no money in this. You want to do these things. You want water; you want reservoirs—put up the money. Don’t just sit here and regurgitate what we have done for the last 5 years and totally ignore the progress that was made with the WIIN legislation. We ought not do this. I am opposed to this, and, hopefully, we will find some sensible action. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON ). Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Chairman, I would like to be able to address title VII of the Water Rights Protection Act in this bill. Over many decades, Federal attempts to manipulate Federal permit, lease, and land management process to circumvent longestablished State water law and hijack privately held water rights have sounded the alarm for all nonFederal water users that rely on these water rights for their livelihood. The Federal Government’s overreach and infringement on private property rights that led to the introduction of this original bill in the 113th Congress involved the U.S. Forest Service’s attempt to require the transfer of privately held water rights to the Federal Government as a permit condition on National Forest System lands. With this permit condition, there is no compensation for the transfer of these privately held rights. This Forest Service permit condition has already hurt a number of stakeholders in my home State of Colorado, including Powderhorn Ski Area in Grand Junction and the Breckenridge Ski Resort. The same nefarious tactic has been used in Utah, Nevada, and other Western States, where agencies have required the surrender of possession of water rights in exchange for approving the conditional use of grazing allotments. This Federal water grab has broad implications that have begun to extend beyond the recreation and the farming and ranching community and are now threatening municipalities and other businesses. 
In 2014, the Forest Service proposed a groundwater directive that would have expanded the agency’s reach over groundwater and established new bureaucratic hurdles to interfere with private water users’ ability to be able to access their water. Though the Forest Service ultimately withdrew this controversial groundwater directive, there are no guarantees that the directive or something similar won’t be back in the future. The Water Rights Protection Act offers a sensible approach that preserves water rights and the ability to be able to develop water requisite to living in the arid West without interfering with water allocations for nonFederal parties or allocations that protect an environment that is cherished by all Westerners. I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues from other Western States to ensure that no Staterecognized water right goes unprotected from the class of actions that this bill prohibits. I appreciate the inclusion of this legislation and encourage its passage. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. BERA), my colleague from the Sacramento area. Mr. BERA. Mr. Chairman, here we go again. Today, we are debating a bill that many of my California colleagues and I have opposed time and time again on this House floor. This bill allows Washington, D.C., politicians to pick winners and losers when it comes to California’s water. Now, that is not right. This is a partisan bill that is opposed by both California Senators as well as our Governor. Now, California water is complicated. It is a lot more complicated than healthcare. But it should be up to Californians to kind of decide how to use our water, what we ought to do with that water. Water is incredibly critical to our State. This isn’t about picking winners and losers. When we think about water, we have certainly got to have storage, we certainly know we are going to have conveyance, but we have got to do this in a California way. Unfortunately, H.R. 23 is going to pit northern California against southern California while overriding California’s own State laws. The bill is also going to gut environmental protections and threaten the critical BayDelta ecosystem. I fish on the Sacramento River, and salmon fishing is incredibly important to the State of California as well as the States to the north of us. This bill is not going to be a good bill. It is going to devastate the fishing industry. We also have to think about drinking water for northern California. Folsom Dam is in my district and Folsom Lake is in my district. It provides not only flood protection, but Folsom Lake provides surface drinking water for a lot of my constituents. We tried to put a simple amendment in here that would actually protect the quality of that drinking water. Unfortunately, H.R. 23 would mandate pumping levels that could negatively impact the Folsom Reservoir water supply. That is going to place many of my constituents at risk. This isn’t a good bill. Let’s kill this bill. Let’s step back. Let Californians decide the best way to handle California water. That is what we ought to do. Again, this bill is dramatic overreach. It is the Federal Government stepping into something that the State should actually decide. I hope my colleagues will join me in opposing this bill. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. ROHRABACHER ). Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 23. Today we have seen pictures, horrible pictures of some of the best agricultural land in the world that has been totally destroyed by the policies of people who are now claiming that they like the environment too much and that that should have, perhaps, something more to do with their decisionmaking than what benefits people. Well, what happened is we have turned one of the most productive foodproducing areas of the world into a catastrophe, a desert that produces nothing. And who has been in charge of this? Who has been in charge of seeing this total destruction of what could be a garden for the people of the world? It has been, yes, the Obama administration appointees for the last year and, yes, in California, where we have had a leftwing liberal Democratic administration appointing radical environmentalists the same way Obama appointed radical environmentalists to determine policy. And what does that mean to us? It means there is less food being produced. It means we have turned productive land into a horrible desert that even animals can’t exist upon. No, it makes a lot of sense right now. What makes sense is that now we have gone through this drought and seen this destruction that didn’t need to happen. What we need to do is build dams. What we need to do is to make sure that the water that we now have is being stored properly so that the people of our State don’t suffer, so that wealth that can be grown from the land in central California, which used to be the world’s breadbasket, that that wealth doesn’t just disappear from the face of the planet. No, you can’t really love nature unless you also love people, and right now the people of California deserve to have some planning done about storing water when we have it rather than suffering and having this type of destruction during our droughts. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Responding briefly to a bit of hyperbole just now that somehow environmental laws have created a ‘‘desert that produces nothing in California,’’ we do need to remember the facts. The truth is, even through this historic drought, farm employment rose statewide each year during the drought. The agricultural economy is thriving, and, thankfully, this year, even the most junior Federal contractors are enjoying a 100 percent allocation. They are fully realizing the vision of being the breadbasket of this country and the world. It is hardly a desert that produces nothing. With that, I do need to contrast what has been happening on the other end of the system, many of the communities I represent, where fishing communities really do have nothing. The California salmon season this year will be little or nothing. The Yurok Tribe that I represent that is dependent on fisheries, salmon fisheries in California since long before there was agriculture, will, for the second year in a row, close its Tribal fishery. We are seeing folks selling their boats. We are seeing fishing communities impacted in dramatic ways. There is real genuine hardship, much like what was just described by my friend. So the facts do matter. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Bakersfield, California (Mr. MCCARTHY ), the majority leader. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank him for his work when it comes to water in California. Mr. Chairman, water is not optional, not in my district, not in California, not anywhere. But over the past 5 years, my constituents have struggled to survive without lifegiving water in the face of a catastrophic drought. This past winter, heavy rains and snowfall have brought muchneeded relief. In fact, there was so much water this past winter we ran out of room to store it. But we cannot always expect a year to bring monsoonlevel rains and record snow. What happens if next year’s rain and snowfall is average, or below average, or we have another drought? The Federal and State regulations that keep us from pumping and storing water will come back to haunt us. The water bill passed by this body and signed into law last year was a downpayment on California’s future. Today’s legislation is another major investment in our State’s future. So let’s look at pumping. There is no reason—absolutely no reason—we should prioritize potential benefit to fish over real benefits to families. This legislation increases delta pumping and will bring immediate relief to two thirds of California south of the delta. But a longterm solution demands more pumping. While California’s population has doubled since the 1970s, we 
haven’t completed a single major storage project in that time. Now, that is worth restating. While California’s population has doubled since the 1970s, we have not completed a single major storage project in that time. How can California grow and thrive in the future if we depend on inadequate infrastructure from nearly 50 years ago? Currently, five reservoir projects have been stalled in regulatory and red tape for decades. If these reservoirs alone are built, we could store between 1 to 1.5 million acrefeet of additional water in our State. So we need to build more storage as soon as possible. Last year’s water bill jumpstarted the process for building new reservoirs in California and the West. It was a bipartisan bill, with the vote being hundreds of votes out of the House, more than 70 in the Senate. Today’s legislation builds on that by requiring the Federal Government to finally finish the feasibility studies for the five storage projects in California. Then we reform the permitting process so other projects aren’t held up for years trying to get approval from a dozen different agencies. So I want to thank Congressman DAVID VALADAO for his hard work, his persistence on this issue. Ultimately, American citizens haven’t gotten the water they need because their government was failing them. Last year’s bill was the start to change all that. Today, we take another major step to bring our communities the water they contract and pay for. b1730 Now, Mr. Chairman, you are going to hear a lot of people on this side of the aisle talk about the need from California. Unfortunately, on the other side of the aisle, it looks like you will just hear from one. That should show you the need and desire of why this bill is so important. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, this debate is causing the fact checking machines to melt down, unfortunately. We just heard that there hasn’t been a single major storage project in California since the 1970s. That is going to come as shocking news to the folks of the Metropolitan Water District which completed a huge storage project, Diamond Valley, during that period. It will certainly surprise the folks in Contra Costa, which completed Los Vaqueros without any special environmental shortcuts and with their own financing for the most part. It will surprise local water districts around the State, including my own Marin Municipal Water District, which completed two dam expansion projects in that same timeframe. It will surprise the folks at the current and semitropic groundwater banks that expanded significantly groundwater storage during that timeframe. In fact, the truth is, California has added nearly 6 million acre feet of new storage, surface and groundwater storage, over the past few decades in this timeframe we have been talking about. So facts really do matter. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. MIMIWALTERS ). Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 23, the GROW Act, which makes important and necessary regulatory reforms to allow for better management of water resources throughout the West. My home State of California recently suffered its worst drought on record, which significantly affected the entire State. Families, communities, workers, and businesses all made significant sacrifices to conserve water and mitigate the drought’s impact. I applaud the water agencies and residents in my home district of Orange County for taking the necessary steps to adapt to the severe drought conditions. While substantial rainfall this winter effectively ended California’s drought, the recent crisis was not just from a lack of rain. It is also the result of failed State and Federal policies that have mismanaged critical water resources throughout the West. The GROW Act is a crucial step toward addressing these failed policies. H.R. 23 will help California recover from this devastating drought and ensure the State is better equipped to handle future water deficiencies. In addition to addressing water delivery and water rights issues, the bill also facilitates the development of new water storage projects, which is a key water management tool for southern California water agencies. These projects are critical to a number of California communities, like Orange County, that lack the access to water even during nondrought conditions. The GROW Act removes regulatory barriers from streamlining the permitting and approval process for new infrastructure projects. Under current law, new water storage construction projects require approval from a number of Federal, State, and local agencies. This bill provides for a consolidated permitting process that would require Federal agencies to conduct coordinated reviews of nonFederal storage projects. The GROW Act will also expedite feasibility studies for muchneeded Federal storage projects, some of which have been unnecessarily delayed for years. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. KNIGHT ). Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 23, the Gaining Responsibility on Water Act, or GROW Act, which I am a proud cosponsor. This bill takes an important step in protecting the water security of Californians and the food supply integrity of the United States. As all of my colleagues from California know, the recent Western drought nearly crippled our State’s agriculture industry and compromised the standard of living for all our constituents by raising prices at the grocery stores throughout the country. Mr. Chairman, while we can’t control the weather, we can take steps to mitigate its potentially harmful effects. I always like it when people say: Can we just scrap the bill? Or can we start over? Or can we work together on that? That is just code for: please stop talking about water; please stop bringing issues to the floor where we can fix something. And that is what we hear today quite frequently. One of the most baffling facets of this story is the fact that there were readily available water sources that could have been utilized but were held up by outdated regulations and red tape. Although we have received some relief from the drought this year, it would be a disgrace for us as lawmakers not to learn from this ordeal. Mr. Chairman, we are blessed to live in the most developed Nation in the world where Americans only notice the absence of basic necessities, as opposed to other nations where people are found wanting of them. Unfortunately, due to the misguided policies of the past, that is the situation so many families and businesses find themselves in. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank my friend Mr. VALADAO for his continued leadership on this issue, and I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 23. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I think it is time to fact check the fact checker. The last major reservoir of over a million acre feet was in 1979. It was in New Melones, 2.3 million acre feet. The two reservoirs that the gentleman referenced combined are less than a million acre feet. They would fill New Melones to less than half of that amount. With respect to water salinity, the BayDelta Accord, that is codified by this bill, guarantees the water necessary to combat salt water intrusion. And finally, I would point out that, no, dams don’t create water. Nature creates water. Dams store that water from wet years so that we have plenty of it in dry years. That is where we have fallen a generation behind in our needs precisely because of the laws that the gentleman from California doggedly defends. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I do appreciate the redefinition of ‘‘major water storage 
projects.’’ It is not a definition that I think is recognized anywhere else other than just now on this floor, but I appreciate it. Mr. Chair, there are many problems with this bill, and I do want to urge my colleagues to oppose it. I can’t keep track of the number of times the State of California has come up in our debate here these last several minutes. So let’s look to the State of California and see what the State of California says about this bill. The Governor of the State of California opposes it in a hardhitting letter that went out to the California delegation and others just a few days ago. The new attorney general of California, Xavier Becerra, wrote an equally critical letter opposing this bill. Both U.S. Senators from California oppose this bill. It is going nowhere in the Senate and will not become law because of fundamental flaws that have been brought up each of the past several years that this bill has been introduced in this Congress. It overrides California State sovereignty and State water laws in ways that are unacceptable to the people of California and to the government of California. So when we keep bringing up California, let’s just be very clear that California doesn’t want this bill. California opposes this bill. Now, I represent the downstream end of some of these water systems that we are talking about. When we talk about people and fish and jobs, it is important to remember that fishing jobs matter, too. In the communities that I represent, and also communities throughout Oregon and Washington that depend on California salmon runs, they are hurting. This summer we are going to probably see a closure, for all intents and purposes, of the commercial salmon season. We are certainly going to see a closure of the Yurok Tribal Salmon Fishery for the second year in a row. That is not only economically devastating to Tribal communities that I represent, it has an emotional impact as well. These are communities that are hurting. In fact, the Yurok are reporting suicide rates among young people that are alarmingly high. The closure of this sacred fishery that is their grocery store, that is a sacred part of their existence, is certainly not going to help, and I think could very well contribute to the very severe problems that they are experiencing. Fishing jobs matter, the environment matters, downstream communities that depend on this water that would be redistributed and reallocated by Congress through this shortsighted bill, that all matters, too. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to oppose this wrongheaded bill, and I urge my colleagues across the aisle to do what we have been inviting them to do each of the past several years, and that is to reach across the aisle on bipartisan, commonsense water solutions. There is a lot that we could do together. Many of my colleagues served with me in the California State legislature. They know, because we did it together, that there is a different way. There is a better way. We were able to pass landmark, bipartisan water legislation during our time together in Sacramento, and we did it because we didn’t try to pick winners and losers. We found all sorts of lowhanging fruit and consensus solutions, and we came up with something that was supported across party lines, and in every region of the State. We can do that here, too, but we won’t do it through this bill. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. Abundance or shortage, that is the question. And I want to thank and salute Mr. VALADAO for his work on this issue and for putting that choice so clearly before the House today. It is true, we can choose to continue down this sad road that we have been on. That means increasingly severe governmentinduced shortages. It means higher and higher water and grocery prices and a permanently declining quality of life for our children who will be required to stretch and ration every drop of water in their bleak and parched homes. With this bill, we choose a different future. We choose abundance. We choose a future in which water flows again to the fertile fields of the Central Valley, providing full employment for families and affordable groceries from America’s agricultural cornucopia. It is a future in which families need not watch their gardens shrivel and die, and towns and cities need not fear mandatory water rationing and uncertain and unpredictable supplies. It is a future in which longestablished water rights are safe and secure from the whims of politicians and bureaucrats. We choose a future in which thriving populations of young salmon can swim to the sea unmolested by the nonnative predators that now kill 90 percent of them before they reach the ocean; a future in which new fish hatcheries assure the release of millions of additional salmon to supply a revived and rapidly expanding commercial fishing industry. We choose a future in which great new reservoirs can store vast amounts of water in wet years to assure abundance in dry ones; a future in which families can enjoy the prosperity that abundant water and hydroelectricity and affordable groceries provide, and the quality of life that comes from that prosperity. Abundance or shortage? That is the question. We choose abundance. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 23 because it upends decades of State and federal water law and needlessly pits water users against one another. On the heels of the worst drought in California’s history, this bill mandates that certain interests come out ahead of others. California has just recently emerged from six years of a punishing drought that forced every resident to conserve water, caused millions of acres of agricultural land to be fallowed, and dramatically increased our State’s risk of major wildfires. The drought was a massive disaster and Congress should respond by investing in longterm resilience against future droughts such as water conservation, recycling, groundwater recharge, and desalination. What Congress should not be doing is using the drought as an excuse to permanently upend a century of water law and countless protections for threatened and endangered wildlife. H.R. 23 weakens or overrides decades of State and federal law, including the State and federal Endangered Species Acts; the National Environmental Policy Act; the Central Valley Project Improvement Act; and the San Joaquin River Settlement Act. This list should set off alarm bells for any proponent of States’ rights or cooperative federalism. For over a century, the Federal Government has deferred to State water law whenever possible. The GROW Act unwinds that history entirely. By discarding a century of water law and species protections, this bill will decimate the San Francisco BayDelta ecosystem, drive the Delta smelt to extinction, and accelerate the decline of the wild salmon and steelhead runs which have been an important part of the Northern California economy since the mid 19th century. This irresponsible bill also overrides sciencebased management of the delicate Delta infrastructure and would gut several of our most bedrock environmental laws. For these reasons I strongly oppose this legislation and I urge my colleagues to join me in voting no. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. HILL). All time for general debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5 minute rule. It shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5minute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–24. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. The text of the amendment in the nature of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 23 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Gaining Responsibility on Water Act of 2017’’. 
The table of contents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. TITLE I—CENTRAL VALLEY PROJECT WATER RELIABILITY Sec. 101. Amendment to purposes. Sec. 102. Amendment to definition. Sec. 103. Contracts. Sec. 104. Water transfers, improved water management, and conservation. 
Sec. 105. Fish, wildlife, and habitat restoration. Sec. 106. Restoration fund. Sec. 107. Additional authorities. Sec. 108. BayDelta Accord. Sec. 109. Natural and artificially spawned species. Sec. 110. Regulatory streamlining. Sec. 111. Additional emergency consultation. Sec. 112. Applicants. Sec. 113. San Joaquin River settlement. TITLE II—CALFED STORAGE FEASIBILITY STUDIES Sec. 201. Studies. Sec. 202. Temperance Flat. Sec. 203. Water storage project construction. TITLE III—WATER RIGHTS PROTECTIONS Sec. 301. Offset for State Water Project. Sec. 302. Area of origin protections. Sec. 303. No redirected adverse impacts. Sec. 304. Allocations for Sacramento Valley contractors. Sec. 305. Effect on existing obligations. TITLE IV—MISCELLANEOUS Sec. 401. Water supply accounting. Sec. 402. Operations of the Trinity River Division. Sec. 403. Report on results of water usage. Sec. 404. Klamath project consultation applicants. Sec. 405. CA State Water Resources Control Board. TITLE V—WATER SUPPLY PERMITTING ACT Sec. 501. Short title. Sec. 502. Definitions. Sec. 503. Establishment of lead agency and cooperating agencies. Sec. 504. Bureau responsibilities. Sec. 505. Cooperating agency responsibilities. Sec. 506. Funding to process permits. TITLE VI—BUREAU OF RECLAMATION PROJECT STREAMLINING Sec. 601. Short title. Sec. 602. Definitions. Sec. 603. Acceleration of studies. Sec. 604. Expedited completion of reports. Sec. 605. Project acceleration. Sec. 606. Annual report to Congress. Sec. 607. Applicability of WIIN Act. TITLE VII—WATER RIGHTS PROTECTION Sec. 701. Short title. Sec. 702. Definitions. Sec. 703. Treatment of water rights. Sec. 704. Policy development. Sec. 705. Effect. TITLE I—CENTRAL VALLEY PROJECT WATER RELIABILITY 
Section 3402 of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (106 Stat. 4706) is amended— (1) in subsection (f), by striking the period at the end; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) to ensure that water dedicated to fish and wildlife purposes by this part is replaced and provided to Central Valley Project water contractors by December 31, 2018, at the lowest cost reasonably achievable; and ‘‘(h) to facilitate and expedite water transfers in accordance with this Act.’’. 
Section 3403 of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (106 Stat. 4707) is amended— (1) by amending subsection (a) to read as follows: ‘‘(a) the term ‘anadromous fish’ means those native stocks of salmon (including steelhead) and sturgeon that, as of October 30, 1992, were present in the Sacramento and San Joaquin Rivers and their tributaries and ascend those rivers and their tributaries to reproduce after maturing in San Francisco Bay or the Pacific Ocean;’’; (2) in subsection (l), by striking ‘‘and,’’; (3) in subsection (m), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(n) the term ‘reasonable flows’ means water flows capable of being maintained taking into account competing consumptive uses of water and economic, environmental, and social factors.’’. SEC. 103. CONTRACTS. 
Section 3404 of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (106 Stat. 4708) is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘ LIMITATION ON CONTRACTING AND CONTRACT REFORM’’ and inserting ‘‘CONTRACTS’’; and (2) by striking the language of the section and by adding: ‘‘(a) RENEWAL OF EXISTING LONGTERM CONTRACTS .—Upon request of the contractor, the Secretary shall renew any existing longterm repayment or water service contract that provides for the delivery of water from the Central Valley Project for a period of 40 years. ‘‘(b) ADMINISTRATION OF CONTRACTS .—Except as expressly provided by this Act, any existing longterm repayment or water service contract for the delivery of water from the Central Valley Project shall be administered pursuant to the Act of July 2, 1956 (70 Stat. 483). ‘‘(c) DELIVERY CHARGE .—Beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, a contract entered into or renewed pursuant to this section shall include a provision that requires the Secretary to charge the other party to such contract only for water actually delivered by the Secretary.’’. 
SEC. 104. WATER TRANSFERS, IMPROVED WATER MANAGEMENT, AND CONSERVATION. 
Section 3405 of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (106 Stat. 4709) is amended as follows: (1) In subsection (a)— (A) by inserting before ‘‘Except as provided herein’’ the following: ‘‘The Secretary shall take all necessary actions to facilitate and expedite transfers of Central Valley Project water in accordance with this Act or any other provision of Federal reclamation law and the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969.’’; (B) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘to combination’’ and inserting ‘‘or combination’’; (C) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) The contracting district from which the water is coming, the agency, or the Secretary shall determine if a written transfer proposal is complete within 45 days after the date of submission of such proposal. If such district or agency or the Secretary determines that such proposal is incomplete, such district or agency or the Secretary shall state with specificity what must be added to or revised in order for such proposal to be complete. ‘‘(F) Except as provided in this section, the Secretary shall not impose mitigation or other requirements on a proposed transfer, but the contracting district from which the water is coming or the agency shall retain all authority under State law to approve or condition a proposed transfer.’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) Notwithstanding any other provision of Federal reclamation law— ‘‘(A) the authority to make transfers or exchanges of, or banking or recharge arrangements using, Central Valley Project water that could have been conducted before October 30, 1992, is valid, and such transfers, exchanges, or arrangements shall not be subject to, limited, or conditioned by this title; and ‘‘(B) this title shall not supersede or revoke the authority to transfer, exchange, bank, or recharge Central Valley Project water that existed prior to October 30, 1992.’’. (2) In subsection (b)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘METERING ’’ and inserting ‘‘MEASUREMENT ’’; and (B) by inserting after the first sentence the following: ‘‘The contracting district or agency, not including contracting districts serving multiple agencies with separate governing boards, shall ensure that all contractorowned water delivery systems within its boundaries measure surface water at the district or agency’s facilities up to the point the surface water is commingled with other water supplies.’’. (3) By striking subsection (d). (4) By redesignating subsections (e) and (f) as subsections (d) and (e), respectively. (5) By amending subsection (e) (as redesignated by paragraph (4))— (A) by striking ‘‘as a result of the increased repayment’’ and inserting ‘‘that exceed the cost ofservice’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘the delivery of’’ after ‘‘rates applicable to’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘, and all increased revenues received by the Secretary as a result of the increased water prices established under subsection 3405(d) of this section,’’. SEC. 105. FISH, WILDLIFE, AND HABITAT RESTORATION. 
Section 3406 of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (106 Stat. 4714) is amended as follows: (1) In subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)(B)— (i) by striking ‘‘is authorized and directed to’’ and inserting ‘‘may’’; (ii) by inserting ‘‘reasonable water’’ after ‘‘to provide’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘anadromous fish, except that such’’ and inserting ‘‘anadromous fish. Such’’; (iv) by striking ‘‘Instream flow’’ and inserting ‘‘Reasonable instream flow’’; (v) by inserting ‘‘and the National Marine Fisheries Service’’ after ‘‘United States Fish and Wildlife Service’’; and (vi) by striking ‘‘California Department of Fish and Game’’ and inserting ‘‘United States Geological Survey’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘primary purpose’’ and inserting ‘‘purposes’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘but not limited to’’ before ‘‘additional obligations’’; and (iii) by adding after the period the following: ‘‘All Central Valley Project water used for the purposes specified in this paragraph shall be credited to the quantity of Central Valley Project yield dedicated and managed under this paragraph by determining how the dedication and management of such water would affect the delivery capability of the Central Valley Project during the 1928 to 1934 drought period after fishery, water quality, and other flow and operational requirements imposed by terms and conditions existing in licenses, permits, and other agreements pertaining to the Central Valley Project under applicable State or Federal law existing on October 30, 1992, have been met. To the fullest extent possible and in accordance with section 3411, Central Valley Project water dedicated and managed pursuant to this paragraph shall be reused to fulfill the Secretary’s remaining contractual obligations to provide Central Valley Project water for agricultural or municipal and industrial purposes.’’; and (C) by amending paragraph (2)(C) to read: ‘‘(C) If by March 15th of any year the quantity of Central Valley Project water forecasted to be made available to water service or repayment contractors in the Delta Division of the Central Valley Project is below 75 percent of the total quantity of water to be made available under said contracts, the quantity of Central Valley Project yield dedicated and managed for that year under this paragraph shall be reduced by 25 percent.’’. (2) By adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i) SATISFACTION OF PURPOSES .—By pursuing the activities described in this section, the Secretary shall be deemed to have met the mitigation, protection, restoration, and enhancement purposes of this title.’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3407(a) of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (106 Stat. 4726) is amended as follows: 
(1) By inserting ‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—’’ before ‘‘There is hereby’’. (2) By striking ‘‘Not less than 67 percent’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Monies’’ and inserting ‘‘Monies’’. (3) By adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) PROHIBITIONS .—The Secretary may not directly or indirectly require a donation or other payment to the Restoration Fund— ‘‘(A) or environmental restoration or mitigation fees not otherwise provided by law, as a condition to— ‘‘(i) providing for the storage or conveyance of nonCentral Valley Project water pursuant to Federal reclamation laws; or ‘‘(ii) the delivery of water pursuant to section 215 of the Reclamation Reform Act of 1982 (Public Law 97–293; 96 Stat. 1270); or ‘‘(B) for any water that is delivered with the sole intent of groundwater recharge.’’. (b) CERTAIN PAYMENTS .—Section 3407(c)(1) of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘mitigation and restoration’’; (2) by striking ‘‘provided for or’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘of fish, wildlife’’ and all that follows through the period and inserting ‘‘of carrying out all activities described in this title.’’. (c) ADJUSTMENT AND ASSESSMENT OF MITIGA TION AND RESTORATION PAYMENTS .—Section 3407(d)(2) of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act is amended by inserting ‘‘, or after October 1, 2016, $4 per megawatthour for Central Valley Project power sold to power contractors (October 2016 price levels)’’ after ‘‘$12 per acre foot (October 1992 price levels) for municipal and industrial water sold and delivered by the Central Valley Project’’. (d) COMPLETION OF ACTIONS .—Section 3407(d)(2)(A) of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act is amended by inserting ‘‘no later than December 31, 2020,’’ after ‘‘That upon the completion of the fish, wildlife, and habitat mitigation and restoration actions mandated under section 3406 of this title,’’. (e) REPORT ; ADVISORY BOARD .—Section 3407 of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (106 Stat. 4714) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) REPORT ON EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS.—At the end of each fiscal year, the Secretary, in consultation with the Restoration Fund Advisory Board, shall submit to Congress a plan for the expenditure of all of the funds deposited into the Restoration Fund during the preceding fiscal year. Such plan shall contain a costeffectiveness analysis of each expenditure. ‘‘(h) ADVISORY BOARD .— ‘‘(1) ESTABLISHMENT .—There is hereby established the Restoration Fund Advisory Board (hereinafter in this section referred to as the ‘Advisory Board’) composed of 12 members selected by the Secretary, each for fouryear terms, one of whom shall be designated by the Secretary as Chairman. The members shall be selected so as to represent the various Central Valley Project stakeholders, four of whom shall be from CVP agricultural users, three from CVP municipal and industrial users, three from CVP power contractors, and two at the discretion of the Secretary. The Secretary and the Secretary of Commerce may each designate a representative to act as an observer of the Advisory Board. ‘‘(2) DUTIES .—The duties of the Advisory Board are as follows: ‘‘(A) To meet at least semiannually to develop and make recommendations to the Secretary regarding priorities and spending levels on projects and programs carried out pursuant to the Central Valley Project Improvement Act. ‘‘(B) To ensure that any advice or recommendation made by the Advisory Board to the Secretary reflect the independent judgment of the Advisory Board. ‘‘(C) Not later than December 31, 2018, and annually thereafter, to transmit to the Secretary and Congress recommendations required under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(D) Not later than December 31, 2018, and biennially thereafter, to transmit to Congress a report that details the progress made in achieving the actions mandated under section 3406. ‘‘(3) ADMINISTRATION .—With the consent of the appropriate agency head, the Advisory Board may use the facilities and services of any Federal agency.’’. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR CERTAIN ACTIVITIES .—Sec tion 3408(c) of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (106 Stat. 4728) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) CONTRACTS FOR ADDITIONAL STORAGE  
ANDDELIVERY OF WATER.— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary is authorized to enter into contracts pursuant to Federal reclamation law and this title with any Federal agency, California water user or water agency, State agency, or private organization for the exchange, impoundment, storage, carriage, and delivery of nonproject water for domestic, municipal, industrial, fish and wildlife, and any other beneficial purpose. ‘‘(2) LIMITATION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be deemed to supersede the provisions of section 103 of Public Law 99–546 (100 Stat. 3051). ‘‘(3) AUTHORITY FOR CERTAIN ACTIVITIES .— The Secretary shall use the authority granted by this subsection in connection with requests to exchange, impound, store, carry, or deliver nonproject water using Central Valley Project facilities for any beneficial purpose. ‘‘(4) RATES.—The Secretary shall develop rates not to exceed the amount required to recover the reasonable costs incurred by the Secretary in connection with a beneficial purpose under this subsection. Such rates shall be charged to a party using Central Valley Project facilities for such purpose. Such costs shall not include any donation or other payment to the Restoration Fund. ‘‘(5) CONSTRUCTION .—This subsection shall be construed and implemented to facilitate and encourage the use of Central Valley Project facilities to exchange, impound, store, carry, or deliver nonproject water for any beneficial purpose.’’. (b) REPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—Section 3408(f) of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (106 Stat. 4729) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Interior and Insular Affairs and the Committee on Merchant Marine and Fisheries’’ and inserting ‘‘Natural Resources’’; (2) in the second sentence, by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, including progress on the plan required by subsection (j)’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The filing and adequacy of such report shall be personally certified to the committees referenced above by the Regional Director of the MidPacific Region of the Bureau of Reclamation.’’. (c) PROJECT YIELD INCREASE .—Section 3408(j) of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (106 Stat. 4730) is amended as follows: (1) By redesignating paragraphs (1) through (7) as subparagraphs (A) through (G), respectively. (2) By striking ‘‘In order to minimize adverse effects, if any, upon’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) IN GEN ERAL.—In order to minimize adverse effects upon’’. (3) By striking ‘‘needs, the Secretary,’’ and all that follows through ‘‘submit to the Congress, a’’ and inserting ‘‘needs, the Secretary, on a priority basis and not later than September 30, 2018, shall submit to Congress a’’. (4) By striking ‘‘increase,’’ and all that follows through ‘‘options:’’ and inserting ‘‘increase, as soon as possible but not later than September 30, 2017 (except for the construction of new facilities which shall not be limited by that deadline), the water of the Central Valley Project by the amount dedicated and managed for fish and wildlife purposes under this title and otherwise required to meet the purposes of the Central Valley Project including satisfying contractual obligations. The plan required by this subsection shall include recommendations on appropriate costsharing arrangements and authorizing legislation or other measures needed to implement the intent, purposes, and provisions of this subsection and a description of how the Secretary intends to use the following options—’’. (5) In subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘and construction of new water storage facilities’’ before the semicolon. (6) In subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end. (7) In subparagraph (G), by striking the period and all that follows through the end of the subsection and inserting ‘‘; and’’. (8) By inserting after subparagraph (G) the following: ‘‘(H) Water banking and recharge.’’. (9) By adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) IMPLEMENTATION OF PLAN .—The Sec retary shall implement the plan required by paragraph (1) commencing on October 1, 2017. In order to carry out this subsection, the Secretary shall coordinate with the State of California in implementing measures for the long term resolution of problems in the San Francisco Bay/SacramentoSan Joaquin Delta Estuary. ‘‘(3) FAILURE OF THE PLAN .—Notwithstanding any other provision of Federal reclamation law, if by September 30, 2018, the plan required by paragraph (1) fails to increase the annual delivery capability of the Central Valley Project by 800,000 acrefeet, implementation of any non mandatory action under section 3406(b)(2) shall be suspended until the plan achieves an increase in the annual delivery capability of the Central Valley Project by 800,000 acrefeet.’’. (d) TECHNICAL CORRECTION .—Section 3408(h) of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (106 Stat. 4729) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘paragraph (h)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (2)’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘paragraph (h)(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)’’. (e) WATER STORAGE PROJECT CONSTRUC TION.—The Secretary, acting through the Commissioner of the Bureau of Reclamation, may partner or enter into an agreement on the water storage projects identified in section 103(d)(1) of the Water Supply Reliability, and Environmental Improvement Act (Public Law 108–361) (and Acts supplemental and amendatory to the Act) with local joint powers authorities formed pursuant to State law by irrigation districts and other local water districts and local governments within the applicable hydrologic region, to advance these projects. No additional Federal funds are authorized for the activities authorized in sections 103(d)(1)(A)(i), 103(d)(1)(A)(ii), and 103(d)(1)(A)(iii) of Public Law 108–361. However, each water storage project under sections 103(d)(1)(A)(i), 103(d)(1)(A)(ii), and 103(d)(1)(A)(iii) of Public Law 108–361 is authorized for construction if nonFederal funds are used for financing and constructing the project. 
(a) C ONGRESSIONAL DIRECTION REGARDING  CENTRAL VALLEY PROJECT AND CALIFORNIA  STATE WATER PROJECT OPERATIONS .—The Cen tral Valley Project and the State Water Project shall be operated pursuant to the water quality standards and operational constraints described in the ‘‘Principles for Agreement on the Bay Delta Standards Between the State of California and the Federal Government’’ dated December 15, 1994, and such operations shall proceed without regard to the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) or any other law pertaining to the operation of the Central Valley Project and the California State Water Project. Implementation of this section shall be in strict conformance with the ‘‘Principles for Agreement on the BayDelta Standards Between the State of California and the Federal Government’’ dated December 15, 1994. 
(b) A PPLICATION OF LAWS TO OTHERS .—Nei ther a Federal department nor the State of California, including any agency or board of the State of California, shall impose on any water right obtained pursuant to State law, including a pre1914 appropriative right, any condition that restricts the exercise of that water right in order to conserve, enhance, recover or otherwise protect any species that is affected by operations of the Central Valley Project or California State Water Project. Nor shall the State of California, including any agency or board of the State of California, restrict the exercise of any water right obtained pursuant to State law, including a pre1914 appropriative right, in order to protect, enhance, or restore under the Public Trust Doctrine any public trust value. Implementation of the ‘‘Principles for Agreement on the BayDelta Standards Between the State of California and the Federal Government’’ dated December 15, 1994, shall be in strict compliance with the water rights priority system and statutory protections for areas of origin. (c) COSTS.—No cost associated with the implementation of this section shall be imposed directly or indirectly on any Central Valley Project contractor, or any other person or entity, unless such costs are incurred on a voluntary basis. (d) NATIVE SPECIES PROTECTION .—California law is preempted with respect to any restriction on the quantity or size of nonnative fish taken or harvested that preys upon one or more native fish species that occupy the Sacramento and San Joaquin Rivers and their tributaries or the SacramentoSan Joaquin Rivers Delta. 
After the date of the enactment of this title, and regardless of the date of listing, the Secretaries of the Interior and Commerce shall not distinguish between naturalspawned and hatcheryspawned or otherwise artificially propagated strains of a species in making any determination under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) that relates to any anadromous fish species present in the Sacramento and San Joaquin Rivers or their tributaries and ascend those rivers and their tributaries to reproduce after maturing in San Francisco Bay or the Pacific Ocean. 
(a) A PPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN LAWS.—Filing of a Notice of Determination or a Notice of Exemption for any project, including the issuance of a permit under State law, related to any project of the CVP or the delivery of water therefrom in accordance with the California Environmental Quality Act shall be deemed to meet the requirements of section 102(2)(C) of the National Environmental Protection Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332(2)(C)) for that project or permit. (b) CONTINUATION OF PROJECT .—The Bureau of Reclamation shall not be required to cease or modify any major Federal action or other activity related to any project of the CVP or the delivery of water therefrom pending completion of judicial review of any determination made under the National Environmental Protection Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332(2)(C)). (c) PROJECT DEFINED .—For the purposes of this section: (1) CVP.—The term ‘‘CVP’’ means the Central Valley Project. (2) PROJECT .—The term ‘‘project’’— (A) means an activity that— (i) is undertaken by a public agency, funded by a public agency, or that requires an issuance of a permit by a public agency; (ii) has a potential to result in physical change to the environment; and (iii) may be subject to several discretionary approvals by governmental agencies; (B) may include construction activities, clearing or grading of land, improvements to existing structures, and activities or equipment involving the issuance of a permit; or (C) as defined under the California Environmental Quality Act in section 21065 of the California Public Resource Code. SEC. 111. ADDITIONAL EMERGENCY CONSULTATION. 
For adjustments to operating criteria other than under section 108 or to take urgent actions to address water supply shortages for the least amount of time or volume of diversion necessary as determined by the Commissioner of Reclamation, no mitigation measures shall be required during any year that the Sacramento Valley index is 6.5 or lower, or at the request of the State of California, and until two succeeding years following either of those events have been completed where the final Sacramento Valley Index is 7.8 or greater, and any mitigation measures imposed must be based on quantitative data and required only to the extent that such data demonstrates actual harm to species. 
In the event that the Bureau of Reclamation or another Federal agency initiates or reinitiates consultation with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service or the National Marine Fisheries Service under section 7(a)(2) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536(a)(2)), with respect to construction or operation of the Central Valley Project and State Water Project, or any part thereof, the State Water Project contractors and the Central Valley Project contractors will be accorded all the rights and responsibilities extended to applicants in the consultation process. 
(a) P URPOSE AND FINDINGS .— (1) PURPOSE AND FINDINGS .—Section 10002 of the San Joaquin River Restoration Settlement Act (Public Law 111–11) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this part is to authorize implementation of the Settlement. ‘‘(b) FINDINGS .—Congress finds that since the date of the enactment of this Act, the following conditions now persist with regard to implementation of the Settlement: ‘‘(1) Millions of dollars of economic damages have occurred due to seepage from rivers flows and other impacts to third parties affected by the Settlement and San Joaquin River Restoration Program and such impacts will continue for the duration of the Settlement and Restoration Program implementation. ‘‘(2) Estimated costs of implementing the Settlement have more than doubled from the initial estimates for implementing the Settlement, from a highend estimate of $800,000,000 to more than $1,700,000,000, due to unrealistic initial cost estimates, additional, unanticipated cost increases related to damages to land from seepage and to infrastructure from subsidence, and from increased construction costs to complete channel improvements, and other improvements not originally identified, but anticipated in the Settlement as necessary to implement the Restoration Goal. ‘‘(3) Achievement of the Settlement’s Water Management Goal, to reduce or avoid water supply impacts to Friant Division longterm contractors, including the FriantKern Canal and Madera Canal capacity restoration projects have not progressed and are likely impossible given available and likely future funding and regulatory constraints. ‘‘(4) Implementation of the Settlement’s Restoration Goal has already fallen short of the schedule agreed to by the Settling Parties and Congress, which required the reintroduction of Springrun and Fallrun Chinook salmon in the river by December 31, 2012, and the majority of Paragraph 11 improvements construction to be complete by December 31, 2013, with the remainder of the paragraph (11) improvements to be completed by December 31, 2016, neither of which deadlines have been met and the Secretary has now made findings that such improvements will not be completed until 2030 at the earliest and likely beyond that timeframe, which schedule assumes full funding of the Restoration Program, which has not occurred. ‘‘(5) Catastrophic species declines in the SacramentoSan Joaquin Delta and other changed conditions have affected the Friant Division’s water supply in ways unimagined during the time of the Settlement’s signing, resulting in additional reductions in water supply for the Friant Division beyond what was agreed to in the Settlement. ‘‘(6) Recent scientific assessments of likely future climate change suggest that no amount of additional flow in the San Joaquin River will sustain Springrun Chinook salmon, one of the target species for maintaining a selfsustaining population below Friant Dam. ‘‘(7) In consideration of existing conditions, it is not reasonable, prudent and feasible to implement the Settlement as originally authorized.’’. (2) DEFINITIONS .—Section 10003 of the San Joaquin River Restoration Settlement Act (Public Law 111–11) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) The term ‘Exchange Contractors’ means San Joaquin River Exchange Contractors Water Authority, whose members are the Central California Irrigation District, Columbia Canal Company, the Firebaugh Canal Water District, and the San Luis Canal Company. ‘‘(5) The term ‘Governor’ means the Governor of the State of California. ‘‘(6) The term ‘Gravelly Ford’ means the Gravelly Ford gaging station in the San Joaquin River located at approximately River Mile 230. ‘‘(7) The term ‘Restoration Area’ means the San Joaquin River between Friant Dam and the Merced River confluence, and generally within 1,500 feet of the centerline of the river. ‘‘(8) The term ‘Restoration Flow’ means the hydrograph flows (as provided in paragraph 18 and exhibit B of the Settlement), buffer flows of up to 10 percent of the applicable hydrograph flows, and any additional water acquired by the Secretary of the Interior from willing sellers to meet the Restoration Goal of the Settlement. ‘‘(9) The term ‘Restoration Fund’ means that fund established by this part. ‘‘(10) The term ‘Sack Dam’ means a lowhead earth and concrete structure with wooden flap gates that diverts San Joaquin River flows into the Arroyo Canal at approximately River Mile 182.1. ‘‘(11) The term ‘Warm Water Fishery’ means a water system that has an environment suitable for species of fish other than salmon (including any subspecies) and trout (including all subspecies). ‘‘(12) The term ‘third party’ means the Exchange Contractors or any member thereof, current or former members of the San Joaquin Tributaries Authority, and current or former members of the San Luis and Delta Mendota Water Authority.’’; and (3) IMPLEMENTATION OF SETTLEMENT .—Section 10004 of the San Joaquin River Restoration Settlement Act (Public Law 111–11) is amended— (A) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘pursuant to the Settlement and section 10011’’ and inserting ‘‘or other species for any reason’’; (B) in subsection (g), by inserting ‘‘or the implementation of the Settlement and the reintroduction of California Central Valley Spring Run Chinook salmon or any other species,’’ after ‘‘nothing in this part’’; (C) in subsection (h)— (i) in the header by striking ‘‘INTERIM ’’; (ii) in paragraph (1)— (I) by striking ‘‘Interim Flows’’ and inserting ‘‘Flows’’ each place it appears; (II) in subparagraph (C)(ii), by inserting ‘‘which shall be implemented’’ after ‘‘significant’’; and (III) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘as a result of the Interim Flows’’ and inserting ‘‘or State laws as a result of Flows.’’; and (iii) by striking paragraphs (2), (3), and (4) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(2) C ONDITIONS FOR RELEASE .—The Secretary is authorized to release Flows— ‘‘(A) if all improvements and mitigation measures are completed or implemented, including all actions necessary to mitigate impacts on landowners, water agencies, and water users; and ‘‘(B) if such Flows will not exceed existing downstream channel capacities. ‘‘(3) SEEPAGE IMPACTS .—(A) The Secretary, in implementing this Act, shall not cause material adverse impacts to third parties. The Secretary shall reduce Flows to the extent necessary to address any material adverse impacts to third parties from groundwater seepage or levee instability caused by such flows identified based on the monitoring program of the Secretary. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Secretary shall not directly or indirectly cause groundwater to rise above 10 feet below ground surface and shall provide at least 10 feet below ground surface as a minimum threshold elevation for groundwater beneath any fields where permanent or other deep rooted crops are grown, and at least 6 feet below ground surface as a minimum threshold elevation for groundwater beneath any fields where annual or shallow rooted crops are grown. These minimum thresholds shall be adjusted yearly based upon information provided by individual landowners regarding the minimum threshold that they will need in order to grow their crop(s) that year. If during the course of the year the landowner informs the Secretary that detrimental seepage is being experienced or is reasonably likely to occur despite the adherence to the minimum threshold, the Secretary shall reduce Restoration Flows to a volume sufficient to reduce seepage impacts by reducing the occurrence of groundwater to a nondamaging level below ground surface. ‘‘(B) If Flow reduction alone is not sufficient to mitigate for seepage impacts the Secretary shall mitigate by real estate transaction or installation of physical measures, whichever option is requested by the landowner. ‘‘(C) Any water that seeps onto private property shall thereupon become the property of that landowner if the landowner takes control of the water including by rediverting it to the San Joaquin River. If seepage water is returned to the San Joaquin River it shall meet applicable water quality requirements. ‘‘(4) TEMPORARY FISH BARRIER PROGRAM .— Using funds otherwise available from the San Joaquin River Restoration Fund if necessary, the Secretary is authorized to make improvements to the Hills Ferry Barrier or any replacement thereof in order to prevent upstream migration of any protected species to the restoration area. The Secretary is further authorized to work with the California Department of Fish and Wildlife for the improvement or replacement of the Hills Ferry Barrier in order to prevent the upstream migration of any protected species. If third parties south of the confluence with the Merced River are required to install their screens or fish bypass facilities in order to comply with the Endangered Species Act of 1973, the Secretary shall bear the costs of such screens or facilities, except to the extent that such costs are already or are further willingly borne by the State of California or by the third parties. Expenditures by Reclamation are nonreimbursable. Any protected species recovered at the Hills Ferry Barrier or in the Restoration Area or any river or false pathways thereto that is to be relocated outside of the Restoration Area shall only be relocated to an area where there is an established selfsustaining population of that same genotype or phenotype.’’; and (D) by amending subsection (j) to read as follows: ‘‘(j) SANJOAQUIN RIVER EXCHANGE CONTRACT  
AND RELATED .—Subject to section 10006(b), nothing in this part shall modify or amend the rights and obligations under the Purchase Contract between Miller and Lux and the United States including without exclusion of others, any right to enforce the power contracts identified in the Purchase Contract, the Second Amended Exchange Contract between the United States, Department of the Interior Bureau of Reclamation and Central California Irrigation District, San Luis Canal Company, Firebaugh Canal Water District, and Columbia Canal Company. Prior to releasing any restoration flow, the Secretary shall determine that such release will not affect its contractual obligations to the Exchange Contractors.’’. (4) ACQUISITION OF PROPERTY .—Section 10005 of the San Joaquin River Restoration Settlement Act (Public Law 111–11) is amended by striking subsections (b) and (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) ACQUISITION OF PROPERTY .—The Sec retary is authorized to acquire property solely through purchase from willing sellers any property, interests in property, or options to acquire real property needed to implement the Settlement authorized by this part. The Secretary shall not acquire property through the exercise of eminent domain unless the owner of said property does not object to an eminent domain action. ‘‘(c) DISPOSAL OF PROPERTY .—Any property or interests therein acquired by the Secretary and for which the Secretary determines that the property or interest therein is no longer needed to be held by the United States for the furtherance of the Settlement, shall be first offered for repurchase to the prior owner of the property from whom the United States acquired the property and at the same price for which the United States acquired the property unless it is demonstrated that the property has decreased in value in which case the Secretary shall sell the property back to the prior owner at the decreased price. If the prior owner does not want the property, the Secretary shall sell the property on the open market.’’. (5) COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAW .—Sec tion 10006 of the San Joaquin River Restoration Settlement Act (Public Law 111–11) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘as necessary’’ and inserting ‘‘as necessary, as provided for in this part and in a manner that does not conflict with the intent of Congress as expressed in this title which intent shall be afforded the greatest deference and any difference or ambiguity shall be resolved in favor of said intent’’ before the period at the end; and (ii) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Any statutory exemptions from conducting environmental review or consultation are not applicable.’’; (B) in subsection (b)— (i) by striking ‘‘Nothing’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in subsection (e) below, nothing’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘State law.’’ and inserting ‘‘State law, except as otherwise provided for herein or would conflict with achieving the purposes or intent of this title.’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) INGENERAL .—Sections 5930 through 5948 of the California Fish and Game Code and all applicable Federal laws, including this part, as amended by the Gaining Responsibility on Water Act of 2017, and the Stipulation of Settlement (Natural Resources Defense Council, et al. v. Kirk Rodgers, et al., Eastern District of California, No. Civ. S–88–1658—LKK/GGH), shall be satisfied by implementation of the Settlement as provided in section 10014(b) or the plan provided in section 10014(a) of the Gaining Responsibility on Water Act of 2017. ‘‘(f) COMPLIANCE WITHEXISTING FRIANT DIVISION CONTRACTS .—Congress hereby finds and declares that compliance with the provisions of this Act by Friant Division Contractors shall fulfill all requirements for compliance with this part, contained in contracts between the Secretary and Friant Division Contractors.’’. (6) NO PRIVATE RIGHT OF ACTION .—Section 10008(a) of the San Joaquin River Restoration Settlement Act (Public Law 111–11) is amended by striking ‘‘the Settlement’’ and inserting ‘‘the Settlement or a third party’’. (7) SETTLEMENT FUND .—Section 10009 of the San Joaquin River Restoration Settlement Act (Public Law 111–11) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by amending paragraph (3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3) LIMITATION .—Except as provided in the Settlement, to the extent that costs incurred solely to implement this Settlement would not otherwise have been incurred by any entity or public or local agency or subdivision of the State of California, such costs shall not be borne by any such entity, agency, or subdivision of the State of California, unless such costs are incurred on a voluntary basis. Any appropriations by Congress to implement this part shall be on the basis of line item authorizations and appropriations and shall not be part of the programmatic funding for the Secretary or the Bureau of Reclamation.’’; and (B) by striking subsection (f) and inserting the following: ‘‘(f) REACH 4B.—No Restoration Flows released shall be routed through section 4B of the San Joaquin River. The Secretary shall seek to make use of modified and/or existing conveyance facilities such as flood control channels in order to provide conveyance for the restoration flows. Congress finds that such use of multiuse facilities is more economical and costeffective than seeking to restore certain sections of the San Joaquin River. The Secretary shall provide non reimbursable funding for the incremental increase in maintenance costs for use of the flood control channels. ‘‘(g) NOIMPACT ON WATER SUPPLIES .—Rein troduction or migration of species to the San Joaquin River upstream of the confluence with the Merced River made possible by or aided by the existence of restoration flows or any improvements to the river made hereunder shall not result in water supply reductions, additional storage releases, or bypass flows on unwilling third parties due to such reintroduction. ‘‘(h) NOTRANSFERENCE OF LIABILITY .—Con gress finds that the Federal interest in the restoration of the San Joaquin River upstream of the confluence with the Merced River has been satisfied with regard to the development of the Friant Division, Delta Mendota canal, the continued performance of and compliance with the terms of agreements of the United States to purchase water rights and for exchange of water, its Agreements with the entities that comprise the Exchange Contractors to deliver their water rights in the San Joaquin River pursuant to the terms of the agreements. The enactment of the San Joaquin River Restoration Settlement Act, together with findings in this legislation including the Settling Parties and agencies of the State of California tried to implement the Restoration Program for ten years and the Bureau of Reclamation has stated it will take at least another 15 years to implement assuming full funding is provided, even though that full funding has never been provided since the Settlement was executed or the Restoration Act enacted, and that absent implementation of that funding, there is no possibility of establishing a viable selfsustaining salmonid population and the restoration of the upper San Joaquin River has proven infeasible on terms originally conceived by the parties to the Settlement and Congress in the Restoration Act. Therefore, notwithstanding that the United States and water users and agencies within the Friant Division are released of any existing or future obligations with regard to the Restoration Program, or any similar program, no responsibility for achieving the goals of the Restoration Program, including the provision of flows and the reintroduction of salmon, or other fish species to the San Joaquin River, shall be imposed on the United States, upon the Exchange Contractors or any of its members nor shall the rights to delivery of water reserved to the Exchange Contractors by any agency of the 
United States or the State of California be abridged or impaired. ‘‘(i) ABSENCE OF AGREEMENT .—In the absence of an agreement with Friant Division longterm contractors, in the event the State of California, acting through the State Water Resources Control Board or otherwise, or any other party requires the flow of the San Joaquin River below Friant Dam to exceed the amounts stated in Exhibit B of the Settlement, then the authorization to implement the Settlement as provided in this Act shall terminate and the Secretary of the Interior shall cease any action to implement this part and the Stipulation of Settlement (Natural Resources Defense Council, et al. v. Kirk Rodgers, et al., Eastern District of California, No. CivS–88–1658 LLK/GGH); provided, further, the Secretary shall also cease to collect or expend any funds from the San Joaquin River Restoration Fund.’’. (b) REVIEW AND DETERMINATION .—San Joa quin River Restoration Settlement Act (Public Law 111–11 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(a) D ETERMINATION REQUIRED .—The Gov ernor and the Secretary, shall determine, in consideration of the overall public interest of both the State of California and the Nation, if it is reasonable, prudent, and feasible to implement the Settlement as provided in section 10014(b) and shall submit a joint report to Congress not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, stating their findings and recommended action, including— ‘‘(1) financial considerations; ‘‘(2) available scientific evidence; ‘‘(3) water temperature in the lower reaches of the upper San Joaquin River; and ‘‘(4) alternative uses for the funds required to implement the Settlement. ‘‘(b) ABSENCE OF TIMELY DETERMINATION .—If the Governor and the Secretary, do not provide a joint recommendation within the time specified in subsection (a), then it shall be deemed that implementing the Settlement consistent with section 10014(b) is not reasonable, prudent, and feasible, and the Secretary shall proceed to implement the Settlement consistent with section 10014(a). 
‘‘Beginning on the date of the enactment of the Gaining Responsibility on Water Act of 2017 and continuing until a determination and final plan has been developed and approved by the Secretary and Governor as provided under section 10014(b), and if applicable, the warm water fishery plan developed under section 10014(a), the Secretary shall only take the following actions to implement the Settlement according to the this Act: ‘‘(1) Implementation of the Restoration Goal and the Water Management Goal of the Settlement only to the extent consistent with section 10014(b). ‘‘(2) No Restoration Flow releases shall be permitted on the San Joaquin River downstream of Sack Dam to the confluence with the Merced River. ‘‘(3) No salmonids shall be placed into or allowed to migrate to the Restoration Area. If any salmonids are caught at the Hills Ferry Barrier, they shall be salvaged to the extent feasible and returned to an area where there is a viable sustainable salmonid population of substantially the same genotype or phenotype. ‘‘(4) Implementation of a plan to recirculate, recapture, reuse, exchange and transfer Restoration Flows for the purpose of reducing or avoiding impacts to water deliveries to all Friant Division longterm contractors caused by the Restoration Flows , to the greatest extent feasible. 
‘‘(a) G RAVELLY FORD–WARM WATER FISHERY.— ‘‘(1) If it is determined under section 10012(a) that the Settlement should not be implemented as provided in subsection (b), then not later than 1 year after such determination, the Secretary and the Governor shall develop and approve a reasonable, prudent, and feasible plan for maintaining a warm water fishery on the San Joaquin River below Friant Dam, but upstream of Gravelly Ford, consistent with the following: ‘‘(A) No water shall be released into the San Joaquin River for fishery purposes downstream of Gravelly Ford. ‘‘(B) Existing and future contributions to the Restoration Fund shall be expended for the purposes of— ‘‘(i) warm water fishery improvements within the San Joaquin River channel upstream of Gravelly Ford; and ‘‘(ii) water and fishery improvements in the San Joaquin River channel downstream of the confluence with the Merced River and other areas for benefit of fall run salmon. ‘‘(C) The Secretary shall establish a fund to be jointly administered by the Friant Water Authority, Exchange Contractors, San Joaquin Tributaries Authority, and San Luis Delta Mendota Water Authority to fund restoration actions along the San Joaquin River and its tributaries that achieve water quality objectives for the protection of fish and wildlife. The Secretary shall transfer the following into the fund: ‘‘(i) All funds in the San Joaquin River Restoration Fund authorized by this part. ‘‘(ii) All future payments by Friant Division longterm contractors pursuant to section 3406(c)(1) of the Reclamation Projects, Authorization and Adjustment Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–575; 106 Stat. 4721) as provided in the Settlement. ‘‘(D) In the absence of an agreement with Friant Division longterm contractors, in the event the State of California, acting through the State Water Resources Control Board or otherwise, or any other party requires the flow of the San Joaquin River to continue below Gravelly Ford for fish and wildlife purposes then— ‘‘(i) all funding specified for transfer under this subsection shall cease, and any funds remaining in the San Joaquin River Basin Restoration Fund shall be transferred to the Friant Water Authority for implementing conveyance improvements on the Friant Kern Canal and Madera Canal to mitigate for subsidence impacts since their original construction; and ‘‘(ii) the authorization to implement the Settlement as provided in this part, as amended by the Gaining Responsibility on Water Act of 2017, shall terminate and the Secretary shall cease any action to implement this part and the Stipulation of Settlement (Natural Resources Defense Council, et al. v. Kirk Rodgers, et al., Eastern District of California, No. CivS–88–1658 LLK/ GGH); provided, further, the Secretary shall also cease to collect or expend any funds from the San Joaquin River Restoration Fund. ‘‘(b) CONTINUED IMPLEMENTATION .—If, in the decision required by section 10012(a), it is determined that the Settlement should continue to be implemented as provided in section 10014(b), then the following terms are required for Continued Implementation of Settlement and no funds shall be expended to implement the Settlement other than as provided for herein: ‘‘(1) IMPROVEMENTS .—The improvements described in paragraph (11) of the Settlement and any additional improvements identified in the Framework for Implementation published in 2015 and any successors thereto shall be completed before any Restoration Flows are released to the San Joaquin River. ‘‘(2) PRIORITY PROJECTS .—The improvements shall be constructed in the following order: ‘‘(A) Mendota Pool bypass and fish screen. ‘‘(B) Arroyo Canal fish screen and Sack Dam fish passage facilities. ‘‘(C) Seepage mitigation actions to allow Restoration Flows of up to 4500 CFS such that there will be no involuntarily incurred damage to private property and no damage to levees. ‘‘(3) OTHER IMPROVEMENTS .—The remainder of the Improvements shall be constructed in an order deemed appropriate by the Secretary after the foregoing projects are completed. ‘‘(4) CONSTRUCTION ASSISTANCE .—If agreed to by the Exchange Contractors or any of its members, the Secretary shall enter into an agreement with the Exchange Contractors or any of its members to assume construction responsibility from initial design through completion of such improvements as the Exchange Contractors or any of its members may agree to, provided that the Secretary shall retain financial responsibility for such improvements and shall reimburse the Exchange Contractors or any of its members for costs incurred by them and their contractors, if any, expended in the construction of the improvements. The Secretary shall enter into a construction agreement with the Exchange Contractors or its members, as applicable, and subject to their approval, consistent with the terms of this title. ‘‘(5) TECHNICAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE AND  
RESTORATION ADMINISTRATOR .—The Secretary shall add to the Technical Advisory Committee (TAC), established pursuant to the Settlement, one representative from the Exchange Contractors and one representative from the San Luis & DeltaMendota Water Authority. Any decisions and/or recommendations made by the Restoration Administrator shall be first discussed with the TAC and made on the basis of consensus to maximum extent possible. Any recommendations made by the Restoration Administrator are advisory only, shall be in writing, shall include references to the science relied on and specify the benefits to fish in the river, and include the level of consensus reached by the TAC. The Secretary’s final decision on any action, including flows, can deviate from the Restoration Administrator’s recommendation provided that the Secretary’s final decision is based upon sound and objective science, and is otherwise consistent with this title. ‘‘(6) RESTORATION FLOWS .—The appropriate level of Restoration Flows under any circumstance shall be no greater than that set forth in the hydrographs attached as exhibit B to the Settlement, and shall be no greater than the realtime fishery needs required to meet the Restoration Goal. The Secretary shall make the final decision as to the appropriate level of Restoration Flows and other actions regarding implementation of the Restoration Program. The appropriate level of Restoration Flows shall at a minimum not exceed channel capacity, cause seepage damage, or be inconsistent with any other requirements in this section. The Secretary’s decisions and those of the Secretary of Commerce shall be fully supported by the best commercial and scientific information available, shall be made in an open and transparent manner, and shall be based on objective information capable of replication. ‘‘(7) FISH REINTRODUCTION .—No fishery shall be introduced or placed for any reason in to the San Joaquin River upstream of the Merced River, until Reclamation has released Restoration Flows down the San Joaquin River in each hydrologic year type: wet, above normal, below normal, dry, and critically dry and determined that the improvements are fully functional and that seepage impacts have been fully mitigated. At least 180 days before the introduction of spring run Chinook salmon the Bureau of Reclamation shall submit a report to Congress that provides a critical examination of the impact of Restoration Flows on seepage and the improvements, and the likelihood of success in restoring a salmon fishery that is viable, sustainable and capable of volitional passage. ‘‘(8) PROTECTED SPECIES .—Any protected species migrating into the Restoration Area shall be deemed to be a nonessential experimental population. Congress finds that due to human– caused physical changes to the pathways of the San Joaquin River upstream of the confluence of the Merced River the San Joaquin River is 
deemed a distinct and separate geographic area and no agency shall take any action pursuant to any authority or requirement of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) or any other Federal or State species protection law that will have an adverse impact on landowners or water agencies within the Restoration Area unless such impacts are incurred on a voluntary basis. ‘‘(9) SUBSIDENCE .—Prior to implementing any other actions, the Secretary shall work with local water districts and landowners to ensure the actions include appropriate solutions to past and likely future subsidence. Without resolution to the subsidence issue, the improvements described in the Settlement and the San Joaquin River and/or the flood control system will continue to be irreparability damaged. Any costs incurred by the Secretary, including but not limited to acquisition of property from willing sellers shall be nonreimbursable. ‘‘(10) FULL FUNDING .—Prior to commencing construction of any Improvement, the Secretary shall approve a funding plan that demonstrates that the United States has obtained all authorizations for appropriations combined with other authorized and reasonably foreseeable funding sources necessary for the orderly completion of all improvements described in paragraph (11) of the Settlement and any additional improvements identified in the Framework for Implementation published in 2015, including any amendments thereto. ‘‘(11) MITIGATION OF IMPACTS .—Prior to the implementation of decisions or agreements to construct, improve, operate, or maintain Improvements. or facilities that the Secretary determines are needed to implement the Settlement, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) identify the impacts associated with such actions; ‘‘(B) identify the actions that the Secretary must implement to mitigate any impacts on water users and landowners in the Restoration Area; and ‘‘(C) shall implement all of the mitigation actions so as to eliminate or reduce to an immaterial effect any adverse impacts on water users and landowners.’’. TITLE II—CALFED STORAGE FEASIBILITY STUDIES 
The Secretary of the Interior, through the Commissioner of Reclamation, shall— (1) complete the feasibility studies described in clauses (i)(I) and (ii)(II) of section 103(d)(1)(A) of Public Law 108–361 (118 Stat. 1684) and submit such studies to the appropriate committees of the House of Representatives and the Senate not later than November 30, 2018; (2) complete the feasibility study described in clause (i)(II) of section 103(d)(1)(A) of Public Law 108–361 and submit such study to the appropriate committees of the House of Representatives and the Senate not later than November 30, 2018; (3) complete a publicly available draft of the feasibility study described in clause (ii)(I) of section 103(d)(1)(A) of Public Law 108–361 and submit such study to the appropriate committees of the House of Representatives and the Senate not later than November 30, 2018; (4) complete the feasibility study described in clause (ii)(I) of section 103(d)(1)(A) of Public Law 108–361 and submit such study to the appropriate committees of the House of Representatives and the Senate not later than November 30, 2019; (5) complete the feasibility study described in section 103(f)(1)(A) of Public Law 108–361 (118 Stat. 1694) and submit such study to the appropriate committees of the House of Representatives and the Senate not later than December 31, 2019; (6) in conducting any feasibility study under this Act, the reclamation laws, the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (title XXXIV of Public Law 102–575; 106 Stat. 4706), the Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act (16 U.S.C. 661 et seq.), the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), and other applicable law, for the purposes of determining feasibility the Secretary shall document, delineate, and publish costs directly relating to the engineering and construction of a water storage project separately from the costs resulting from regulatory compliance or the construction of auxiliary facilities necessary to achieve regulatory compliance; and (7) communicate, coordinate and cooperate with public water agencies that contract with the United States for Central Valley Project water and that are expected to participate in the cost pools that will be created for the projects proposed in the feasibility studies under this section. SEC. 202. TEMPERANCE FLAT. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—For the purposes of this section: (1) PROJECT .—The term ‘‘Project’’ means the Temperance Flat Reservoir Project on the Upper San Joaquin River. (2) RMP.—The term ‘‘RMP’’ means the document titled ‘‘Bakersfield Field Office, Record of Decision and Approved Resource Management Plan’’, dated December 2014. (3) SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (b) APPLICABILITY OF RMP.—The RMP and findings related thereto shall have no effect on or applicability to the Secretary’s determination of feasibility of, or on any findings or environmental review documents related to— (1) the Project; or (2) actions taken by the Secretary pursuant to section 103(d)(1)(A)(ii)(II) of the BayDelta Authorization Act (title I of Public Law 108–361). (c) DUTIES OF SECRETARY UPONDETERMINA TION OF FEASIBILITY .—If the Secretary finds the Project to be feasible, the Secretary shall manage the land recommended in the RMP for designation under the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 1271 et seq.) in a manner that does not impede any environmental reviews, preconstruction, construction, or other activities of the Project, regardless of whether or not the Secretary submits any official recommendation to Congress under the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act. (d) RESERVED WATER RIGHTS .—Effective December 22, 2017, there shall be no Federal reserved water rights to any segment of the San Joaquin River related to the Project as a result of any designation made under the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 1271 et seq.). 
The Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Commissioner of the Bureau of Reclamation, may partner or enter into an agreement on the water storage projects identified in section 103(d)(1) of the Water Supply Reliability and Environmental Improvement Act (Public Law 108–361) (and Acts supplemental and amendatory to the Act) with local joint powers authorities formed pursuant to State law by irrigation districts and other local water districts and local governments within the applicable hydrologic region, to advance those projects. TITLE III—WATER RIGHTS PROTECTIONS 
(a) I MPLEMENTATION IMPACTS .—The Secretary of the Interior shall confer with the California Department of Fish and Wildlife in connection with the implementation of this title on potential impacts to any consistency determination for operations of the State Water Project issued pursuant to California Fish and Game Code section 2080.1. (b) ADDITIONAL YIELD.—If, as a result of the application of this title, the California Department of Fish and Wildlife— (1) revokes the consistency determinations pursuant to California Fish and Game Code section 2080.1 that are applicable to the State Water Project; (2) amends or issues one or more new consistency determinations pursuant to California Fish and Game Code section 2080.1 in a manner that directly or indirectly results in reduced water supply to the State Water Project as compared with the water supply available under the smelt biological opinion and the salmonid biological opinion; or (3) requires take authorization under California Fish and Game Code section 2081 for operation of the State Water Project in a manner that directly or indirectly results in reduced water supply to the State Water Project as compared with the water supply available under the smelt biological opinion and the salmonid biological opinion, and as a consequence of the Department’s action, Central Valley Project yield is greater than it would have been absent the Department’s actions, then that additional yield shall be made available to the State Water Project for delivery to State Water Project contractors to offset losses resulting from the Department’s action. (c) NOTIFICATION RELATED TO ENVIRON MENTAL PROTECTIONS .—The Secretary of the Interior shall immediately notify the Director of the California Department of Fish and Wildlife in writing if the Secretary of the Interior determines that implementation of the smelt biological opinion and the salmonid biological opinion consistent with this title reduces environmental protections for any species covered by the opinions. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Interior is directed, in the operation of the Central Valley Project, to adhere to California’s water rights laws governing water rights priorities and to honor water rights senior to those held by the United States for operation of the Central Valley Project, regardless of the source of priority, including any appropriative water rights initiated prior to December 19, 1914, as well as water rights and other priorities perfected or to be perfected pursuant to California Water Code Part 2 of Division 2. Article 1.7 (commencing with section 1215 of chapter 1 of part 2 of division 2, sections 10505, 10505.5, 11128, 11460, 11461, 11462, and 11463, and sections 12200 through 12220, inclusive). (b) DIVERSIONS .—Any action undertaken by the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce pursuant to both this title and section 7 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) that requires that diversions from the Sacramento River or the San Joaquin River watersheds upstream of the Delta be bypassed shall not be undertaken in a manner that alters the water rights priorities established by California law. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Interior shall ensure that, except as otherwise provided for in a water service or repayment contract, actions taken in compliance with legal obligations imposed pursuant to or as a result of this title, including such actions under section 7 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) and other applicable Federal and State laws, shall not directly or indirectly— (1) result in the involuntary reduction of water supply or fiscal impacts to individuals or districts who receive water from either the State Water Project or the United States under water rights settlement contracts, exchange contracts, water service contracts, repayment contracts, or water supply contracts; or (2) cause redirected adverse water supply or fiscal impacts to those within the Sacramento River watershed, the San Joaquin River watershed or the State Water Project service area. (b) COSTS.—To the extent that costs are incurred solely pursuant to or as a result of this title and would not otherwise have been incurred by any entity or public or local agency or subdivision of the State of California, such costs shall not be borne by any such entity, agency, 
or subdivision of the State of California, unless such costs are incurred on a voluntary basis. (c) RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS NOTMODIFIED  
ORAMENDED .—Nothing in this title shall modify or amend the rights and obligations of the parties to any existing— (1) water service, repayment, settlement, purchase, or exchange contract with the United States, including the obligation to satisfy exchange contracts and settlement contracts prior to the allocation of any other Central Valley Project water; or (2) State Water Project water supply or settlement contract with the State. 
(a) A LLOCATIONS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2) and subsection (b), the Secretary of the Interior is directed, in the operation of the Central Valley Project, to allocate water provided for irrigation purposes to existing Central Valley Project agricultural water service contractors within the Sacramento River Watershed in compliance with the following: (A) Not less than 100 percent of their contract quantities in a ‘‘Wet’’ year. (B) Not less than 100 percent of their contract quantities in an ‘‘Above Normal’’ year. (C) Not less than 100 percent of their contract quantities in a ‘‘Below Normal’’ year that is preceded by an ‘‘Above Normal’’ or a ‘‘Wet’’ year. (D) Not less than 50 percent of their contract quantities in a ‘‘Dry’’ year that is preceded by a ‘‘Below Normal’’, an ‘‘Above Normal’’, or a ‘‘Wet’’ year. (E) In all other years not identified herein, the allocation percentage for existing Central Valley Project agricultural water service contractors within the Sacramento River Watershed shall not be less than twice the allocation percentage to southofDelta Central Valley Project agricultural water service contractors, up to 100 percent; provided, that nothing herein shall preclude an allocation to existing Central Valley Project agricultural water service contractors within the Sacramento River Watershed that is greater than twice the allocation percentage to southofDelta Central Valley Project agricultural water service contractors. (2) CONDITIONS .—The Secretary’s actions under paragraph (1) shall be subject to— (A) the priority of individuals or entities with Sacramento River water rights, including those with Sacramento River Settlement Contracts, that have priority to the diversion and use of Sacramento River water over water rights held by the United States for operations of the Central Valley Project; (B) the United States obligation to make a substitute supply of water available to the San Joaquin River Exchange Contractors; and (C) the Secretary’s obligation to make water available to managed wetlands pursuant to section 3406(d) of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (Public Law 102–575). (b) PROTECTION OF MUNICIPAL AND INDUSTRIAL SUPPLIES .—Nothing in subsection (a) shall be deemed to— (1) modify any provision of a water service contract that addresses municipal and industrial water shortage policies of the Secretary; (2) affect or limit the authority of the Secretary to adopt or modify municipal and industrial water shortage policies; (3) affect or limit the authority of the Secretary to implement municipal and industrial water shortage policies; or (4) affect allocations to Central Valley Project municipal and industrial contractors pursuant to such policies. Neither subsection (a) nor the Secretary’s implementation of subsection (a) shall constrain, govern, or affect, directly, the operations of the Central Valley Project’s American River Division or any deliveries from that Division, its units or facilities. (c) NOEFFECT ON ALLOCATIONS .—This section shall not— (1) affect the allocation of water to Friant Division contractors; or (2) result in the involuntary reduction in contract water allocations to individuals or entities with contracts to receive water from the Friant Division. (d) PROGRAM FOR WATER RESCHEDULING .— The Secretary of the Interior shall develop and implement a program, not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, to provide for the opportunity for existing Central Valley Project agricultural, municipal, and industrial water service contractors within the Sacramento River Watershed to reschedule water, provided for under their Central Valley Project water service contracts, from one year to the next. (e) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘existing Central Valley Project agricultural water service contractors within the Sacramento River Watershed’’ means water service contractors within the Shasta, Trinity, and Sacramento River Divisions of the Central Valley Project, that have a water service contract in effect, on the date of the enactment of this section, that provides water for irrigation. (2) The year type terms used in subsection (a) have the meaning given those year types in the Sacramento Valley Water Year Type (40–30–30) Index. 
Nothing in this title preempts or modifies any existing obligation of the United States under Federal reclamation law to operate the Central Valley Project in conformity with State law, including established water rights priorities. TITLE IV—MISCELLANEOUS 
(a) I NGENERAL .—All Central Valley Project water, except Central Valley Project water released pursuant to U.S. Department of the Interior Record of Decision, Trinity River Mainstem Fishery Restoration Final Environmental Impact Statement/Environmental Impact Report dated December 2000 used to implement an action undertaken for a fishery beneficial purpose that was not imposed by terms and conditions existing in licenses, permits, and other agreements pertaining to the Central Valley Project under applicable State or Federal law existing on October 30, 1992, shall be credited to the quantity of Central Valley Project yield dedicated and managed under this section; provided, that nothing herein shall affect the Secretary of the Interior’s duty to comply with any otherwise lawful requirement imposed on operations of the Central Valley Project under any provision of Federal or State law. (b) RECLAMATION POLICIES AND ALLOCA TIONS .—Reclamation policies and allocations shall not be based upon any premise or assumption that Central Valley Project contract supplies are supplemental or secondary to any other contractor source of supply. 
The Secretary of the Interior, in the operation of the Trinity River Division of the Central Valley Project, shall not make releases from Lewiston Dam in excess of the volume for each water year type required by the U.S. Department of the Interior Record of Decision, Trinity River Mainstem Fishery Restoration Final Environmental Impact Statement/Environmental Impact Report dated December 2000. (1) A maximum of 369,000 acrefeet in a ‘‘Critically Dry’’ year. (2) A maximum of 453,000 acrefeet in a ‘‘Dry’’ year. (3) A maximum of 647,000 acrefeet in a ‘‘Normal’’ year. (4) A maximum of 701,000 acrefeet in a ‘‘Wet’’ year. (5) A maximum of 815,000 acrefeet in an ‘‘Extremely Wet’’ year. SEC. 403. REPORT ON RESULTS OF WATER USAGE. 
The Secretary of the Interior, in consultation with the Secretary of Commerce and the Secretary of Natural Resources of the State of California, shall publish an annual report detailing instream flow releases from the Central Valley Project and California State Water Project, their explicit purpose and authority, and all measured environmental benefit as a result of the releases. 
If the Bureau of Reclamation initiates or reinitiates consultation with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service or the National Marine Fisheries Service under section 7(a)(2) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536(a)(2)), with respect to construction or operation of the Klamath Project (or any part thereof), Klamath Project contractors shall be accorded all the rights and responsibilities extended to applicants in the consultation process. Upon request of the Klamath Project contractors, they may be represented through an association or organization. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 431, the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Chair, I thank Mr. MCCLINTOCK for managing this bill and for his help on this. I am pleased to support the bill, the GROW Act, which, contrary to some claims, protects northern California water rights and keeps more water in the north than the status quo. I should know because I represent the source of the overwhelming majority of California’s usable water. The underlying bill improves water efficiency by allowing junior water contractors in the Sacramento Valley to carry over water supplies from one year to the next in Lake Shasta, retaining access to those supplies the following year, which promotes efficiency when you are banking that additional water for future use. This amendment improves the bill by ensuring that all Federal water contractors in the Sacramento Valley have the same ability to reschedule their water supplies. Mr. Chair, under the current system, water contractors are forced to use it or lose it. If water allocations are not fully used each year, the ability to access that water is lost. Now, around Washington, D.C., that useitorloseit attitude usually means a lot of money that sits in certain agencies’ bank accounts or in their pots, it is just used up. Why would we want to do that kind of thing with water? We need to be banking it and saving it, where practical, to be usable in the next year or to pass to others who could use it as well. During wet years, farms and ranches may choose to reschedule a portion of their water for the following year. This bill and this amendment will significantly improve planning and delivery of water supplies by ensuring maximum flexibility, flexibility which we need, and allowing water to be accessed when it is needed most. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I also represent northern California. My friend, Mr. LAMALFA , just said that this bill fully protects northern California’s water. Well, we represent the two districts right next to each other that are the northernmost districts in California, and I can tell you, my part of northern California doesn’t do so well under this bill. In fact, the only way we have been able to prevent a repeat of a catastrophic fish kill disaster in the Klamath River system each of the last several years has been by releasing cold water in the Trinity River, which is a major tributary to the lower Klamath River. That has been a lifesaver for the communities downstream that depend on those salmon runs. This bill would legislatively prohibit the Bureau of Reclamation from ever doing that again. So this is not a bill that is good for northern California, certainly, my part of northern California. And I think the same goes for the other northern California colleagues that we heard testify in opposition earlier. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Chairman, providing flexibility for more parts of California does not, indeed, punish any other part of northern California. With that, we have to dispel some of these notions about what the end goal is for this legislation and for my amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Fresno, California (Mr. COSTA ). Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time. This amendment is about rescheduled water, and this is a technical term that, for people who aren’t familiar with water use in California and other parts of the country, it allows people with water rights, whether they be senior or junior water rights, to reserve that water, in other words, to reschedule it, to hold it off for another time when it might be more valuable to use. And so this is an important tool. I agree with Congressman LAMALFA  that water users throughout California should have flexibility to use their water supplies in ways that are most beneficial to be able to reschedule it. I do have some concerns that this amendment may have unintended consequences with other water users downstream should it become law without changes. Specifically, it is critical that those with more junior water rights, like some of the areas I represent south of the California delta, are not negatively impacted when they reschedule their water from senior water rights holders. Water is precious. You have water shortages. So if I want to reserve it for later in the year or for the next water year, that means rescheduled water. So for these water users, we want to protect that ability. Additionally, in the event that a future wet year causes spilling of rescheduled water, it is critical that the priority of the water spilling is addressed in a fair and equitable manner. I would like to work with the gentleman to address these concerns. And I thank him, and I thank the gentleman for yielding me the time. Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Chair, I am very pleased to be able to work with my colleague, Mr. COSTA , to ensure that these concerns are met and addressed as the bill moves through the Senate. I believe the ability to reschedule water deliveries for these periods when they are needed should be offered as widely as possible, and I appreciate the support in that goal. Indeed, the opportunity that we can help the Central Valley with this, I relish that opportunity to do so. More facilities to store more water is, indeed, very important so we have more flexibility for Mr. COSTA and his neighbors, constituents. I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ). Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chair, I just want to say that this is a very good amendment. The committee supports it, and it is essential to providing the flexibility that is necessary. I might point out to my colleague from California, when we originally developed this bill more than 5 years ago, we consulted more than 60 water agencies throughout northern and central California, including many in Democratic congressional districts. Senior water rights are essential to northern California. This bill strengthens them, and Mr. LAMALFA ’s amendment adds the management flexibility that is long overdue. Mr. COSTA. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. MCCLINTOCK. I yield to the gentleman from California. Mr. COSTA. I thank the gentleman for yielding. That is correct. I know this was offered 5 years ago. I would like to point out, though, in the last 5 years of the drought conditions, we have learned a whole lot more about the flexibility and how you can and cannot use rescheduled water and, of course, how valuable it is. 
So I respect and thank the gentleman, Congressman LAMALFA , for working together on this to ensure that we protect all of the water users in their ability to have flexibility, especially during drought times. Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Chair, indeed, whether it is a drought period where we have to work even harder to spread that water around or in a year of abundance like what we had, we have to be wise about storing it where we can and having the flexibility to put it where we need to and having additional facilities in the future to store farther into the drought years that, no doubt, will come. This is what we are looking for in this legislation and what I am trying to promote for my particular area in northern California with this amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chair, I am prepared to close. How much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ) has 45 seconds remaining, and the gentleman from California (Mr. HUFFMAN ) has 2 minutes remaining. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Chairman, indeed, the water battles in California have been very difficult for many, many years, but what I hear from the other side of the aisle is a whole lot of ‘‘no.’’ What I hear from normal Californians who aren’t in positions of elected leadership who seem to be more interested in catering to a few environmental groups instead of the needs of Californians, especially on the heels of drought, what these Californians are saying is: Get this stuff done. Get these projects done. Help us out. Help us to have jobs in our State and not cater to just a handful of interests here that will help us through another election. Mr. Chair, I am pleased to present the amendment and proud to work with these folks, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I actually have no problem with my colleague’s attempt to make a clarification to this bill. That clarification is needed, I am sure, but it is important to realize that the reason it is needed is because we haven’t gone through regular order. We are talking about provisions that have not had the benefit of hearings, of markups, of witness testimony, clarifications that would have been made in the regular order process. The underlying bill, it is important to remember, does enormous damage to California water law. That is why it is opposed by the Governor, by our attorney general, by our two U.S. Senators, and by many members of the California delegation. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ). The amendment was agreed to. AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . COSTA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part C of House Report 115–212. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of title II, add the following: 
The Bureau of Reclamation, in cooperation with the United States Geological Survey, the State of California, and local and State water agencies, may conduct detailed geophysical characterization activities of subsurface aquifer systems and groundwater vulnerability in California, which has experienced a critical, multiyear drought that resulted in severe groundwater overdraft in some areas, followed by less than optimal recharge from the heavy rainstorms and flooding during the 2016–2017 winter season. This geophysical survey should include data pertaining to the following: (1) Subsurface system framework: occurrence and geometry of aquifer and nonaquifer zones. (2) Aquifer storage and transmission characteristics. (3) Areas of greatest recharge potential. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 431, the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would like to first thank the Rules Committee chairman, and the ranking member, Ms. SLAUGHTER , for making my amendment in order. Mr. Chair, groundwater storage is a central element of drought resilience in the San Joaquin Valley and throughout California. Recharging our groundwater that has been overdrafted is critical in terms of our overall strategy to use all the water tools in our water management toolbox. California’s hydrological cycle is varied, with each year’s intense rainfall and flooding like this year followed by prolonged periods of droughts like the previous 5 years. As a matter of fact, in California, it is either feast or famine. We don’t have enough or we have too much water. This varied hydrological cycle means that regions like the San Joaquin Valley rely heavily on groundwater to supply regional water needs during the dry years, and that is how the overdraft takes place. An attempt to refill that pumped water during wet years comes all too infrequently. The recent record drought, coupled with previous droughts and policy changes that have led to shifting of water supplies from agriculture water uses to environmental uses over the last 25 years, has literally resulted in ground sinking beneath the feet of the people of the San Joaquin Valley. These depletions led the State of California to pass a law in 2014 that regulates the use of groundwater, with the objective of creating groundwater balance over time. It is called the Sustainable Groundwater Management Act, otherwise referred to as SGMA. Obviously, we ought to make our groundwater sustainable, and there are a lot of different ways in which we can do so in terms of that water strategy. This amendment purports to address part of that. Many groundwater basins have been overdrafted for long periods of time. Twentyone of California’s 515 groundwater basins now are considered critically overdrafted. That is a real, real serious crisis. It is critical that efforts are taken to recharge these groundwater aquifers so that the water is available during the dry years, which we know will surely come. This is all about sustainability. We know that the performance of any projected groundwater recharge and recovery project is reliant on a thorough understanding of how the surface and subsurface waters interact with a geographical region. Without thoroughly developed and fieldverified information about the geophysical characteristics of California’s groundwater aquifer systems and best areas for groundwater recharge projects, compliance with California’s recently enacted Sustainable Groundwater Management Act—it is simply infeasible for us to expect that we are going to do that without having all of the information together. What we are trying to do in this legislation is provide the opportunity to ensure that we have a reliable water supply so that we have food security. After all, food security, I believe, is a national security issue for America. It doesn’t get looked at that way, but it is. California’s Department of Water Resources has identified a number of gaps in the scientific body of knowledge that need to be filled in order to effectively recharge groundwater aquifers. Some of these studies show that simply irrigating lands in the Central Valley with right soil conditions for groundwater percolation could lead to an additional 2 million to 6 million acrefeet of groundwater infiltration. That would double the level of recovery rate in a postdrought winter like 2017. This amendment would authorize the Bureau of Reclamation, partnered with scientific agencies, the United States Geological Survey, and the University of California, to conduct surveys for groundwater aquifers to identify, one, subsurface aquifer systems framework, including the geometry of areas where water can move more easily; two, aquifer storage and transmission characteristics; and three, land areas of greatest recharge potential. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. b1800 Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Will the gentleman yield? 
Mr. COSTA. I yield to the gentleman from California. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I have no objection to this amendment. I thank the gentleman from Fresno, California, for his constructive contribution to this process. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from California (Mr. HUFFMAN ), who is from Marin County. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I just want to quickly offer my support for my colleague’s amendment. This is a commonsense amendment that recognizes the tremendous potential that groundwater storage represents. This is one of the most important tools in our water management toolbox. We know that our future hydrology will be less certain because of climate change. It is going to make droughts across our country more frequent and severe. This amendment will help make sure we are taking the appropriate steps to prepare. So I want to thank my colleague for this forwardthinking amendment, and I support its adoption. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . COSTA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part C of House Report 115–212. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of title II, add the following: 
The Bureau of Reclamation may partner with academia, specifically the University of California, and State and local water agencies, to develop a study to enhance mountain runoff to Central Valley Project reservoirs from headwater restoration with the following aims: (1) Estimate forest biomass density and annual evapotranspiration (ET) across the Shasta Lake watershed for the past decade using satellite and other available spatial data. (2) Identify areas on public and private land that have high biomass densities and ET, and assess potential changes in ET that would ensue from forest restoration. (3) Assess role of subsurface storage in providing drought resilience of forests, based on longterm historical estimates of precipitation, drought severity and stream discharge. (4) Assess role of snowpack in annual water balance across the watersheds. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 431, the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I would like to first, again, thank the Rules Committee chair and Ranking Member SLAUGHTER  for making my amendment in order, as well as acknowledge my colleague from California, Congressman LAMALFA , for his work on this amendment. Mr. Chairman, a record drought and the most destructive wildfire seasons on record have brought renewed attention to California’s headwaters. These forests, meadows, and other source waters play a vital role in California’s water supply and management system, and they are under threat from a host of factors, including wildfires, climate change impacts, and poor management policies. More effective forest and headwaters management practices, such as increased use of forest thinning and watershed restoration, have demonstrated the potential to provide a measurable increase in water supply to the Central Valley Project reservoirs that receive runoff generated by these headwaters in the Sierra Nevadas, the beautiful mountains that we have in California. The Sierra Nevada mountain range, many people don’t realize, generates nearly 60 percent of California’s developed water supply—60 percent. And that is why the abundance of snow on the mountains during the wintertime is so critical. Some estimates indicate that simply by instituting more effective headwaters management policies, that up to 300,000 acrefeet of additional water supplies—300,000 acrefeet—could be generated each year. Now, that is a significant yield of water when you look at the overdraft crop problems that we have and some of the other authorization of surface storage that we have made last year during the WIIN Act. As a matter of fact, the Bureau of Reclamation has analyzed that some of the projects that I support, such as raising Shasta Dam 18 feet, would generate anywhere from 75 to over 100,000 acrefeet of water annually. So if we can generate an additional 300,000 acre feet by better managing our headwaters, this is almost three times that yield. Simply managing our forests better could, in many instances, quadruple our water supply and better produce environmental outcomes for our forest ecosystems. To put this in context, this is enough water to irrigate over 100,000 acres, of which we have significant overdraft of land, or provide daily water for an additional 500,000 homes in California for an entire year. My amendment would authorize the Bureau of Reclamation to enter into partnerships to determine the amount of water that could be untapped by doing these kinds of efforts. Fixing California’s broken water system, as I have said repeatedly, means using all of the water tools in our water management toolbox. Included in this amendment, we would be having the opportunity to improve our headwater management in an integrated and multidisciplinary approach that is responsive to the changing conditions that we face as we know that will continue to occur. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from northern California (Mr. HUFFMAN ). Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I want to express my support for this amendment as well. The headwaters of our watersheds play a crucial role in ensuring the reliability and the quality of water supplies throughout our State. Our water supply depends not just on artificial reservoirs, but also on natural reservoirs of snowpack and groundwater retention in the forests of these headwater areas. Healthy, vibrant forests provide multiple benefits, including carbon capture and shade to reduce rapid snowmelt. When they are properly protected, forest soils act like sponges to absorb rainfall and slowly release it back into rivers and streams throughout the year. This amendment is one of the many ways that we can ensure that the Bureau of Reclamation is building a 21st century water supply system for California and the West, so I strongly encourage support for it. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chairman, this is a commonsense amendment that has bipartisan support. Frankly, I think as we learned so much more about how the hydrology of California’s water systems develop, we need to take advantage of that knowledge. And this amendment will allow us to do so in a way that makes this so valuable resource that we sometimes take for granted—that is our water supply—to allow us to use it in a way that makes sense and will provide the water needs for all Californians. Mr. Chairman, I urge the support of this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. CARTER of Georgia). The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . DENHAM  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in part C of House Report 115–212. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of title IV, insert the following: 
The authority under section 4006 of the WIIN Act shall expire 7 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 407. ACTIONS TO BENEFIT THREATENED AND ENDANGERED SPECIES AND OTHER WILDLIFE. 
None of the funds made available under section 4010(b) of the WIIN Act may be used for the acquisition or leasing of land, water for instream purposes if the water is already 
committed to instream purposes, or interests in land or water from willing sellers if the land, water, or interests are already designated for environmental purposes by a court adopted decree or order or cooperative agreement. 
SEC. 408. NONFEDERAL PROGRAM TO PROTECT NATIVE ANADROMOUS FISH IN STANISLAUS RIVER. 
The program established under section 4010(d) of the WIIN Act shall not sunset before January 1, 2023. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 431, the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment to H.R. 23. This amendment updates a small portion of the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act, or the WIIN Act, to protect endangered species and assess water storage opportunities. First, it sets a reasonable timeframe for the completion of expanded water storage opportunities at the New Melones Reservoir. These opportunities can increase available storage for conservation, transfers, and rescheduled water projects to allow for maximum storage within the reservoir. Conservative estimates of increased water storage have been at 100,000 acrefeet, which will provide water for over 400,000 people for a year. With such a precious resource, we must ensure our water storage capacity is being used responsibly. This timeline of 7 years is consistent with other provisions of the WIIN Act, and will ensure the study will be completed so we can make best use of our water storage capacity. Additionally, this amendment helps protect our threatened and endangered species. In Western States, water users can buy and sell water rights. This provision prevents individuals from using funding set aside for species conservation to buy water rights and sell them back to the government. Funding in section 4010(b) of the WIIN Act was allocated to benefit endangered species populations through habitat restoration, improved monitoring, and conservation fish hatcheries. This policy has been in effect for the Central Valley Project Improvement Act for over a decade and needs to be applied to this section as well. This ensures funding will be used for its intended purposes to help endangered species, not to buy and resell water rights. Finally, this amendment extends a program to protect native fish in the Stanislaus River for 2 years. This program allows for the taking of invasive species that prey on native salmon and steelhead in the Stanislaus River. It was originally authorized for 5 years. However, since the spawn cycle for these salmon is 3 years, it needs to be extended to ensure two full salmon cohort cycles can be observed. In conclusion, this amendment protects native and endangered species, and ensures we are making the most of water storage capacity at the New Melones Reservoir. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . DESAULNIER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in part C of House Report 115–212. Mr. DESAULNIER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of title IV, insert the following: 
Section 3405(e) of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) The Secretary, through the office established under this subsection, shall review available and new, innovative technologies and programs for capturing municipal wastewater and recycling it for providing drinking water and energy, and report on the feasibility of expanding the implementation of these technologies and programs among Central Valley Project contractors.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 431, the gentleman from California (Mr. DESAULNIER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. DESAULNIER. Mr. Chairman, my amendment asks for a review of existing best practices worldwide for the capture and reuse of wastewater and a feasibility study on the expansion of these efforts. Existing policy requires a review of conservation plans of Central Valley Project contractors. I believe we should look further than just what we are currently doing and learn from new, emerging technologies and practices from around the world for recycling wastewater. Capturing wastewater for reuse is not new. Orange County, California, implemented its Groundwater Replenishment System in 2008, which augments the water supply for 850,000 residents with treated wastewater and helps reduce the area’s dependence on water from the SacramentoSan Joaquin delta. In Singapore, an initiative to recycle wastewater supplies approximately onethird of the country’s water demand. In Israel, treated sewage water meets approximately onequarter of the country’s needed water. Across California, more than 200 billion gallons of municipal wastewater are already reused each year. According to one report, California has an unrealized opportunity to grow that number to between 390 billion and 590 billion acrefeet per year. The need for innovation to increase the amount of available water is very clear. Between 2011 and 2013, even before the onset of one of the State’s most severe droughts on record, water stored in the SacramentoSan Joaquin watershed and the Central Valley dropped by nearly 20 billion cubic meters, or twothirds of the volume of Lake Mead. We need to prepare for more severe droughts in the coming decades. With innovation and technologies available in the United States and around the world, we could and should continue to look for new ways to augment our water supply and enhance our water security. Around the world and across the United States, innovation and technologies for capturing and recycling wastewater are improving, and their costs are falling. The purpose of this amendment is to understand the current state of these technologies and to identify opportunities for expanding them. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleague to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, this amendment adds a superfluous provision that requires a study on a subject that we have already studied to death. We find the left constantly proposing these technologies to manage our existing water shortage often as an excuse not to expand our ability to store new water supplies. The problem is not complicated. These recycling projects are typically four times as expensive as traditional water storage, according to a 2016 study by the California Public Utilities Commission. If we had exhausted our existing resources, then these technologies might make sense if the alternative is no water at all. But that is not the alternative. The alternative is to develop our resources at about onefourth the cost of these technologies the gentleman is trying to sell us—four times the cost. No consumer in his right mind would pay four times more for the same product. Only politicians would do that, and the problem is when politicians make this choice, consumers end up paying. Which brings me to my second objection to the gentleman’s amendment. Our traditional water projects are paid for by the users of the water in proportion to their use, as is the beneficiary pays principle that has guided our water projects for generations. 
b1815 These policies protect taxpayers from footing the bill for somebody else’s water. The title 16 recycling projects the gentleman is promoting are not paid for by the water users but rather by general taxpayers, meaning these projects literally rob St. Petersburg to pay St. Paul. If the gentleman would like to confine the provisions of the bill to require his constituents to pay four times more for their water or that his constituents pay to subsidize the water for my constituents, I would be happy to support him. But I sincerely doubt that is what he has in mind. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DESAULNIER. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MATSUI ). Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of Mr. DESAULNIER ’s amendment to H.R. 23. Recycling projects provide sustainable water sources that help make our communities droughtresilient. In Sacramento, we are working to build a project that would use claimed wastewater to irrigate up to 18,000 acres of farmland and habitat. These are the types of projects that help prepare California for the next drought, and they result in more water for our farms and cities. We should be working on sustainable solutions like these. Last Congress, I introduced a bill to improve the Bureau of Reclamation’s Title XVI Water Reclamation and Reuse Funding Program by removing the requirement that each recycling project receive an explicit congressional authorization. The bill was included in the WIIN Act passed into law last year, thereby expanding the pool of eligible projects. Mr. DESAULNIER ’s amendment continues to move us forward by emphasizing the importance of recycling in our approach to managing water use. I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. DESAULNIER. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ). Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Fixing California’s broken water system, as we all know, involves multiple strategies. Recycled water, onfarm recharge, and other innovative methods of increasing water supply, we have found, improves the situation, but there is no silver bullet to solving California’s longterm water challenges. In the Valley, we understand that, and this is why many communities moved forward on efforts to diversify their water supplies. For example, the Del Puerto Water District has partnered in northern Merced and Stanislaus Counties with the cities of Modesto and Turlock on a project that uses treated wastewater to irrigate agricultural fields, creating significant water security for about 30 percent of Del Puerto’s Central Valley water supply that is rarely delivered. This is costeffective and costs less than other alternatives. We are partnering with local water districts in the city of Mendota and the city of Fresno. So this is a very valuable source of water, and we ought to encourage it whenever possible. More efforts like this are necessary. Mr. Chair, I support the amendment. Mr. DESAULNIER. Mr. Chair, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from California (Mr. HUFFMAN ). Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, in defense of the economics of water recycling, I need to correct the record. The WateReuse Research Foundation has found that recycling projects tend to be among the cheapest ways to increase water supply. Potable water reuse is generally comparable or less expensive than alternative options. The Congressional Research Service has found that title 16 water recycling projects are comparable in price to alternate water sources—in some cases, substantially cheaper—and there is vast new potential to develop these water supplies. This is exactly the kind of forward thinking conversation we ought to have if we are serious about California water. Mr. DESAULNIER. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I would simply cite to my friend the California Public Utilities Commission report in 2016, and what would be the cost of future sources of water for California. They say very clearly that recycling water is nearly four times as costly as traditional sources of water, and that is being generous. I support any water project that pencils out. This one does not. This one would require water bills to quadruple. For California, it is exactly policies like these that are driving water bills up. The people of California need to take note of that and to realize the choices they make at the ballot box have real world implications to the bills they are paying for simple things like water and power. Mr. Chair, I ask for a ‘‘no’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. DESAULNIER ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. DESAULNIER. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . PEARCE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 6 printed in part C of House Report 115–212. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: Page 131, beginning on line 5, strike ‘‘Such term shall include water rights for federally recognized Indian Tribes’’. Page 131, beginning on line 19, strike ‘‘(including any federally recognized Indian Tribe)’’. Page 134, strike lines 7 through 9 and insert the following: (f) INDIAN WATER RIGHTS .—Nothing in this title shall have any effect on tribal water rights or their adjudication, or the protection, settlement, or enforcement and/or administration of such rights by either Indian tribes or the United States as trustee for Indian tribes. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 431, the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. PEARCE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Mexico. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, water is life. We understand that in the West maybe more than anywhere else in the world. So any time we are talking about water, we are talking about life, we are talking about the ability to have an economy, we are talking about jobs, we are talking about communities. It affects us deeply in the West. When the original bill, H.R. 23, was being marked up, my friend, the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. TORRES ), brought a concern to the members of the committee, saying that she felt like the underlying bill did not adequately address Tribal water rights. Tribes are some of the areas of deepest poverty in the country. As she brought that up, it struck my attention that we should take a look at it. Ultimately, her amendment failed in committee, but the two of us, with the chairman and the sponsor of the bill, huddled after the committee meeting and decided that we should move forward with our concerns. Those concerns are reflected in this amendment today. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. TORRES ), to speak about this issue. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Chairman, I want to begin by thanking also my friend, Representative PEARCE from New Mexico, for offering this amendment with me. Mr. Chair, during our committee work on portions of this bill, I raised this issue and offered a similar amendment. So I appreciate Representative PEARCE for working with me to improve the bill for Indian Country. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment because it will provide some limited, though not complete, legal protection for Indian Tribes and their water rights. That said, I continue to have grave concerns with the underlying bill and the impact it will have on Indian Country. Even if this amendment is adopted, the underlying bill will cause significant harm to Indian Country. For example, in title 4 of this bill, it blocks 
emergency water releases that prevent disease outbreaks for Tribal fisheries in California’s Klamath River. The provision will significantly increase the risk of widespread fish kills and lead to tragic losses for Tribal communities. While this amendment doesn’t mitigate all of the negative impacts of this bill, it will improve the bill somewhat by including an additional legal protection for Tribal rights that will preserve past, pending, or future Tribal water rights settlements. Mr. Chair, I urge support for this amendment. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chair, I object. The Acting CHAIR. Objection is heard. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON ). The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman will suspend. For what purpose does the gentleman from Colorado seek recognition? Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Chair, to speak to the nature of the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is the gentleman opposed to the amendment? Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Chair, I am. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Colorado is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Chairman, as my colleague from New Mexico noted, Wayne Aspinall of Colorado stated: ‘‘When you touch water in the West, you touch everything.’’ We have that shared concern that that water is going to be preserved. In the West, water is a private property right. We have State law. We have prioritybased systems, which have always been recognized by the Federal Government. Unfortunately, we have seen and reflected in this portion of the legislation that we are discussing today, the Federal Government reaching out to be able to require conditional use of permit water rights to be signed over to the Federal Government. At issue is the amendment that we are discussing right now. When we talk about our Native American Tribes, my colleague and I have shared in common interest, along with our colleague, Mrs. TORRES , in terms of making sure that Native American rights are protected from taking by the Federal Government, as well. There is good news in the underlying bill. The Department of the Interior had made the statement that their ability to be able to negotiate or enter into water settlements with Tribes is in no way affected or restricted by this bill. It is in no way affected or restricted by this bill, according to the Department of the Interior. While I have no objections to the changes proposed in the savings clause to be able to clarify as much, I did want to be able to register concern on the amendment that it may not have been as definitive as I would like to have seen in regard to specifying Native American water rights. I think that is common ground that we are seeing on both sides of the aisle: to make sure that those private property rights are protected. I will not vote against this amendment, and I applaud my colleagues working together with us to be able to try and achieve an actual amiable solution on something that, as Westerners, we understand probably better than anyone else in the country the importance of water—water for our communities, water for the opportunity for our communities to be able to grow and to prosper. On this particular issue, a very important segment of that very community is the valuable contributions that our Native American Tribes make to all of our communities. Mr. Chairman, I will be supporting the overall legislation. In terms of their work on this, I commend all Members. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chair, may I inquire as to how much time I have? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New Mexico has 2 minutes remaining. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from California (Mr. HUFFMAN ). Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chair, I certainly appreciate that my colleagues are trying to help mitigate a small amount of the harm caused by this bill, but, unfortunately, the underlying bill remains a disaster for Indian Country. Title 5 of this bill is a direct attack against the existing rights of Tribes in my district. As I have said previously, the salmon in the Klamath River system are the grocery store, the church, the lifeline for the Tribes in my district, and this bill explicitly prevents Federal agencies from making emergency water releases to combat fish disease and prevent massive fish kills that would devastate these Tribal balance fisheries. That is important to remember, lest we get too carried away with whatever curative effects this amendment might have. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chair, Tribes in New Mexico and across the West depend on water for agriculture, they depend on it for their families, they depend on it for spiritual reasons. Without rights, water can be taken by anyone. The amendment that Mrs. TORRES  and I put forward is just trying to say that rights are personal. They are private property rights, and no government can take them away. It is a reasonable amendment. I appreciate the gentleman from Colorado’s observations. We will attempt to see that those observations are dealt with in a meaningful way. In the meantime, I simply ask Members of the House to join with me in voting for this amendment to H.R. 23. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. PEARCE ). The amendment was agreed to. b1830 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . DESAULNIER  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, the unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on amendment No. 5 printed in part C of House Report 115–212 offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. DESAULNIER ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 15 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 201, noes 221, not voting 11, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) LaMalfa Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter 
Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—11 
Barr Cheney Cummings Davis, Rodney Guthrie Himes Johnson, Sam Khanna Lieu, Ted Napolitano Scalise 
b1852 Messrs. HARPER, GROTHMAN, RUSSELL, CURBELO of Florida, TAYLOR, MESSER, Mrs. NOEM, Messrs. FORTENBERRY, ROKITA, and BYRNE changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Messrs. GOTTHEIMER and PRICE of North Carolina changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. SIMPSON ). The question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. CARTER of Georgia) having assumed the chair, Mr. SIMPSON , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 23) to provide drought relief in the State of California, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 431, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is ordered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment to the amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. CARBAJAL. I am opposed in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recommit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Carbajal moves to recommit the bill H.R. 23 to the Committee on Natural Resources with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: Add at the end of title IV, the following: 
Nothing in this Act shall impair the ability of the National Interagency Fire Center to ensure that there is an adequate supply of water to fight wildfires, utilizing water from reservoirs or other surface waters. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to the committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage as amended. My request today is simple: to provide our firefighters with the water they need to effectively fight wildfires. As we speak, two large wildfires are burning in my district on the central coast of California. So far, over 40,000 acres of land have burned between the Alamo fire and the Whittier fire. With more than a dozen homes and structures of central coast residents destroyed, we cannot overstate the important and effective work of hundreds of local, State, and Federal firefighters to contain these blazes and prevent more damages. I spoke with incident commanders and toured both burn sites in Santa Barbara County, witnessing firsthand the incredible damage wreaked by these fires to our region. I was grateful for the opportunity to address our firefighters and first responders and to thank these brave men and women for willing to risk their own safety to protect infrastructure and save lives. In one harrowing instance, a firefighter cleared a path, driving a bulldozer through flaming brush to rescue dozens of Boy Scouts trapped at a campground at Lake Cachuma. Today, we have a duty as appropriators to provide these men and women, working tirelessly in difficult conditions, with the resources they need to effectively combat these frequent and devastating wildfires across our country, and especially in my home State. Ignoring our wildfire response when dealing with water allocation is irresponsible and will put American lives in danger. In addition to adopting this simple amendment to ensure our firefighters’ access to water, I urge my colleagues to work to end the disruptive practice of fire borrowing. b1900 We cannot continue to rob funds designated for wildfire prevention to pay for fighting fires and simultaneously expect agencies to carry out effective land management practices to reduce the impact of catastrophic wildfires in the future. Our Federal land management agencies are overwhelmed by the dramatic increase in fires on public lands in recent years, and we cannot in good conscience continue to ignore their urgent need for both prevention and firefighting funding. I am deeply concerned that this underlying bill today does nothing to address the issues of limited water resources for our agencies charged with fighting wildfires. I call upon my colleagues to adopt this commonsense amendment and show our firefighters that Congress not only appreciates their efforts, but acts to support them as well. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to the motion to recommit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, my friends’ concerns are well placed; his amendment is completely misplaced. The fact is that, for 45 years, our environmental laws have made the management of our forests virtually impossible. After 45 years of experience with these laws, imposed with the explicit promise they would improve our forest environment, I think we are entitled to ask: How is our forest environment doing? And the answer is damning; our forests are dying. Timber harvests of surplus timber have fallen 80 percent in those years. The result is severe overcrowding in our forests. An acre normally supports between 20 to 100 trees, depending upon the topography; but because of these laws, average density in the Sierra has now ballooned to 266 trees per acre. In this crowded condition, these trees fight for their lives against other trees trying to occupy the same ground. And in this crowded and stressed condition, they fall victim to disease, pestilence, drought, and, ultimately, catastrophic wildfire. The answer is not this amendment that seeks to derail this needed water storage; it is to restore scientific management to our forests to restore them to a healthy condition. When I visited the command center of the Rim Fire several years ago that threatened Yosemite Valley, I asked the firefighters: What answer can I take, in your name, back to Congress? And the answer was: Treatment matters. We need proper forest management. The good news for my friend from Santa Barbara is he will soon have the opportunity to vote on just such a bill, the Resilient Federal Forest Act, by Mr. WESTERMAN of Arkansas. It treats this problem comprehensively. It passed the House Natural Resources Committee. We hope to bring it soon to the floor of the House. It will address the problems that plague our forests by restoring proper scientific management to our public lands. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of passage. This will be a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 189, noes 230, not voting 14, as follows: [Roll No. 351] AYES—189 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—14 
Barr Cheney Cleaver Courtney Cummings Davis, Rodney Guthrie Hudson Johnson, Sam Khanna Lieu, Ted Nadler Napolitano Scalise 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 230, noes 190, not voting 13, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta 
Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Gutie´rrez Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Crist Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Yoho NOT VOTING—13 
Barr Butterfield Cheney Cleaver Courtney Cummings Davis, Rodney Guthrie Johnson, Sam Khanna Lieu, Ted Napolitano Scalise 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I was absent during rollcall votes No. 350, No. 351, and No. 352 due to my spouse’s health situation in California. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on the DeSaulnier Amendment. I would have also voted ‘‘yea’’ on the Motion to Recommit. I would have also voted ‘‘nay’’ on final passage of H.R. 23—Gaining Responsibility on Water Act of 2017. 
Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained recognizing the Military Times Sailor of the Year from Gillette, Wyoming. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 350, ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 351, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 352. AUTHORIZING THE CLERK TO MAKE CORRECTIONS IN ENGROSSMENT OF H.R. 1719, JOHN MUIR NATIONAL HISTORIC SITE EXPANSION ACT Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Clerk be authorized to make technical corrections in the engrossment of H.R. 1719, to include addition of an enacting clause. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. 
RESIGNATION AS MEMBER OF COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following resignation as a member of the Committee on Natural Resources: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, July 12, 2017. Hon. PAULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. NANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR SPEAKER RYAN AND LEADER PELOSI : Respectfully, I write to tender my resignation as member of the House Committee on Natural Resources. It has been an honor to serve in this capacity. Sincerely, JIMMY PANETTA , Member of Congress. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the resignation is accepted. There was no objection. 
RESIGNATION AS MEMBER OF COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following resignation as a member of the Committee on Armed Services: 
TIMOTHY J. W ALZ, CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , July 12, 2017. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARSPEAKER RYAN: I, T IMWALZ, am sub mitting my resignation from the Committee on Armed Services effective immediately. It has been a privilege and honor to serve on this Committee and to use my 24years of experience in the military to fight for our troops. Sincerely, TIMWALZ, Member of Congress. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the resignation is accepted. There was no objection. 
ELECTING MEMBERS TO CERTAIN STANDING COMMITTEES OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Democratic Caucus, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
H. R ES. 439 Resolved, That the following named Member be and is hereby elected to the following standing committee of the House of Representatives: (1) COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES .—Mr. Panetta. 
The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
GENERAL LEAVE Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material on H.R. 2810. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
PERMISSION TO CONSIDER AMENDMENT NO. 88 PRINTED IN PART B OF HOUSE REPORT 115– 212 OUT OF SEQUENCE Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that during consideration of H.R. 2810, pursuant to House Resolution 431, amendment No. 88 printed in part B of House Report 115–212 may be considered out of sequence. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 431 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 2810. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. MITCHELL ) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b1920 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 2810) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, with Mr. MITCHELL in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORNBERRY ) and the gentleman from Washington (Mr. SMITH) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I am proud to bring before the House H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. It was reported favorably by the House Armed Services Committee at 11:59 p.m. on June 28, 2017, by a vote of 60–1. Now, that vote is an indication of the bipartisan support that exists to support our troops and to fulfill our obligations placed on us by the Constitution. Mr. Chairman, I think it is always helpful for us to remind ourselves of the authority by which we undertake our responsibilities. Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution says that Congress has the power and the responsibility ‘‘to raise and support Armies. . . . To provide and maintain a Navy; To make Rules for the Government and Regulation of land and naval Forces,’’ and, of course, ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers.’’ The members of our committee and our staff take those responsibilities very seriously. This year, we seek to carry them out in a world which is as dangerous and complex as any of us have ever seen. One example from the news of the day is the alarming progress North Korea is making towards having an intercontinental ballistic missile that can carry nuclear weapons to our homeland. Now, we have, of course, a number of tools to use, including diplomacy and sanctions, but there is no substitute for military power, and I believe we must develop and deploy more of it to be ready to deal with these growing threats. So the bill before us today substantially increases money for missile defense so we are more capable of protecting our homeland against those ballistic missiles. It also increases funding for key munitions and for intelligence surveillance and reconnaissance so we can have better visibility on what adversary is doing. It increases the end strength for the Army, the Navy, and the Air Force, just as they requested. And it funds more joint exercises with key allies in the Pacific. It boosts our shipbuilding budget to get more ships into the water faster, and also cheaper. So, just as an example, Mr. Chairman, each of those items is important for dealing with this growing threat coming from North Korea, and we could sit here and go through a similar sort of discussion when it comes to Iran, or the provocative actions of Russia and China, or the terrorist organizations of various shades. Of course, we cannot guarantee that the capabilities that we will vote on in this bill will be available by the time the crisis comes for, unfortunately, Mr. Chairman, we are still dealing with defense budgets that were cut by more than 20 percent at a time when the threats around the world were growing. So we can’t guarantee that these capabilities will be available when we need them. But what we can guarantee is, if we don’t fund these things now, they will not be available when we need them, so that is the priority given to this bill. Mr. Chairman, exactly 1 month ago, on June 12, Secretary Mattis and Chairman Dunford testified before our committee. And I would like to read just one paragraph of the Secretary’s testimony where he was comparing what the military was like when he left it and when he came back as Secretary. Secretary Mattis testified: ‘‘Four years later, I returned to the Department and I have been shocked by what I have seen with our readiness to fight. For all the heartache caused by the loss of our troops during these wars, no enemy in the field has done more harm to the readiness of our military than sequestration. We have sustained our ability to meet America’s commitments abroad because our troops have stoically shouldered a much greater burden.’’ Four years later, shocked, more harm by sequestration than the enemies in the field, and it is only because our folks are so incredible that they have born an increasing burden. That is what the Secretary testified. Mr. Chairman, we have, indisputably, the finest military in the world, but it is also indisputable that it has been severely damaged by continuing resolutions, by sequestration, and by failure of the executive and legislative branches to adequately support the men and women out there on the front lines. We have an urgent need to begin to repair and rebuild our military. And I also believe, Mr. Chairman, it is fundamentally wrong to send men and women out on dangerous missions without providing them the best equipment, in the best shape, with the best training that our country can possibly provide. This bill, if followed by matching appropriation, takes a significant step toward meeting that objective, to support those troops. It also makes major reforms in the way the Pentagon does business. Among other reforms, it enables the military to buy commercial products through online sites such as Amazon, Staples, and Grainger. We require life cycle maintenance costs to be considered at the beginning of a program, as must intellectual property rights, to maximize competition in the maintenance and repairs. Oversight into service contracts has increased, and there is much more, of course, in the bill. Mr. Chairman, this bill is the vehicle by which we usually, for 55 years, at least, fulfill our responsibilities under the Constitution that I mentioned, to provide for the common defense. I believe that is the first job of the Federal Government. I want to just express my appreciation to each of the members of our committee. Each of them has contributed to the product before us. Each of them takes their responsibilities under the Constitution very seriously; no one more so than the Ranking Member, Mr. 
SMITH of Washington. We don’t always agree on the judgment calls about issues, but I have no doubt that he and all the members of the committee try to do what is right for the country and put the interests of our troops first. That is exactly the attitude that we must follow, I think, on the floor over the next 3 days as we go through the amendments which we will consider. I also want to express appreciation to the committee and personal staff who have worked on this bill. It has been a challenging year for a variety of reasons, but, as I started, I will finish. I am proud of this product. I hope it will gain the support of the entire House. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 5 minutes. I thank the chairman, first of all, for his hard work on this bill, and all the members of the committee and the staff. As the chairman has pointed out, this is a bill that we have passed for 55 straight years. It is a long and complicated bill that essentially sets the defense and national security policy for our country, and there is a lot of good work that has gone into this bill. Again, I thank the members for doing that. They recognize the complex threat environment that the chairman correctly described, and we are attempting to address it as best we can in this very difficult environment. I think the thing that is most difficult that I really want to emphasize is what the chairman said in the middle of his remarks: that over the past 6 years we have had one government shutdown, a number of continuing resolutions, several threatened government shutdowns, and the unpredictability that that has presented to the Defense Department. Now, to be clear, it has also presented a fair amount—the same amount of unpredictability to the nondefense discretionary budget that also has to deal with those challenges. But that uncertainty about our budget has made it very difficult to plan, and nowhere is that more important than at the Department of Defense. b1930 As they try to lay out a strategy for national security, not knowing from one month to the next how much money you are going to have or what you are going to be able to spend it on is a huge problem. I will say a little bit more about this later, because as big a problem as that is, we haven’t solved it. As we debate this bill here today, we do not have a budget resolution from either the House or the Senate. This is a problem we still need to work on. However much money we wind up spending on defense, if we had a cohesive plan and a clear idea of how much money we were going to have over the next few years, it would be a lot easier to plan for those contingencies. Again, I do want to compliment the work that has been done on this bill. Particularly, I focus a lot on unconventional threats. I think that is the changing nature of the world. I used to chair what is now called the Emerging Threats Committee. I want to thank Congresswoman STEFANIK and Ranking Member LANGEVIN for their work and focusing on cyber, focusing on supporting our special operation forces that have borne so much of the brunt of the fight that we face in countering terrorism. I also want to thank Chairman ROGERSand Ranking Member C OOPER for their work on the Strategic Forces Subcommittee, focusing on space, in particular, on the importance of emphasizing that. For a long time, our country dominated space. We didn’t have to worry about it. But now a lot of other countries are catching up and competing with us. I think this bill reflects the importance of that. So there are a lot of very solid things in this bill, but I want to close by emphasizing two significant problems that we still need to address. One I mentioned already. We don’t have a budget resolution. This bill has $621 billion in it, as I understand it, in the base bill, and another, I believe, $75 billion in the overseas contingency fund. We are spending nearly $700 billion in this bill on defense. That is a lot of money, and the chairman mentioned a lot of the very necessary programs that it is going towards. However, that breaks the budget caps. In order to break the budget caps, the House and the Senate have to vote to break the budget caps. It is July. We haven’t done that. I will emphasize that in the Senate it actually requires 60 votes to break the budget caps. So as much as I see the need in defense, given the complex threat environment out there, it is very possible that $72 billion of what is in this bill is going to disappear between now and the end of this year unless we address the broader issue of sequestration and budget caps. I will also emphasize that addressing that issue by gutting funding for the nondefense discretionary budget and plussing up defense is not going to work for a couple of reasons. Number one, a lot of the national security needs that we have come out of some of those other items. The proposal to cut the State Department by 31 percent in a time when we face the complex threat environment that was described is ridiculous. In fact, I will quote Chairman Mattis as well, who said: 
If you are going to cut the State Department by 30 percent, you better give me five more divisions because I am going to need them. We are not going to be able to resolve conflicts in a peaceful way. 
And also, of course, we have domestic needs that are very important as well. We are still waiting on the infrastructure package from the administration. There are a lot of needs that are not being met, and we are not yet voting to bust the budget caps. Here we have a bill that does that, but this House has to step up and take that vote if this defense authorizing bill is going to go forward. The second and final point, we still don’t have a national security strategy from the White House. Now, we have a very complex threat environment, as I have said more often than I meant to during the course of the last few minutes—we do. We have got Russia, China, North Korea, Iran, a variety of terrorist threats. What we have heard in our committee for the last 6 months is a series of people from the Pentagon coming over and saying the house is on fire. We don’t have enough money to do—fill in the blank. There are a whole lot of different things. What we haven’t heard is a strategy, and the most disturbing conversation I had in that regard was with someone from the Office of Net Assessment. The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. SMITH of Washington. I yield myself an additional 1 minute. He explained to me that we laid out a strategy in 2012 and said we do not have the money to fund that strategy right now. So I asked him: Well, how short are you? How much more money do you need? He looked at me like he didn’t understand what I was asking, so I sort of explained it. The short answer: he didn’t know. How could he not know? I mean, if you can sit there confidently and say, ‘‘My gosh, we don’t have enough money; we are way crazy short of our 2012 strategy’’ and you still can’t say how short, then you don’t have a strategy. We need a strategy to make sure this money is spent wisely. I will close with a compliment of the chairman for something that he has done. We should also not assume that simply spending more money at the Department of Defense is necessarily going to make us safer. We have to make sure we spend it efficiently and effectively. I think this bill has a lot of very solid efforts to try to make us do that, towards acquisition reform, towards spending the money more wisely. It is not just a matter of spending more money. We have got to spend it smarter, and we have got to confront the lack of a strategy, and we have got to confront the fact that we still have not resolved our budget resolution problem. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chair, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. WILSON), chairman of the Subcommittee on Readiness. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the House Armed Services Committee chairman, MACTHORNBERRY , for his determined leadership to promote peace through strength. I am grateful to support H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. 
First of all, I would like to thank my colleague and ranking member, Congresswoman MADELEINE BORDALLO of Guam, for her tireless efforts and participation in this process, and I also thank the Readiness Subcommittee members of the House Armed Services Committee on both sides of the aisle for bipartisan input on this bill. The creation of the 2018 National Defense Authorization Act truly was bipartisan. Mr. Chairman, over the past several months, we have heard testimony from every military service branch about their urgent need to address the alarming readiness shortfalls. Their testimonies were sobering, confirming Congress must take bold action. Here today, we have the responsibility of reducing the risk to our servicemembers by making sure they are well trained, supported, and that the equipment they use is properly maintained and combat ready. There are numerous important readiness provisions in the authorization, including adding over $2 billion to longneglected facilities sustainment and restoration and modernization accounts. It gives the Department of Defense more responsive facility construction, repair, and real estate authorities for more efficient use of DOD resources. It extends multiple temporary hiring authorities to allow the Department of Defense to fill critical manpower gaps, in particular at our defense industrial facilities—our depots, arsenals, and shipyards. None of the readiness provisions are arbitrary. They are specifically targeted to stop and, as much as possible, to reverse the decline of the readiness of our Armed Forces so we can continue to combat and deter the threats to national security from around the world. Mr. Chairman, I strongly support H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018, and encourage my colleagues in the House to support it as well. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. TSONGAS ), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chairman, two weeks ago, the Armed Services Committee advanced the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 to the House floor with broad bipartisan support. I would like to thank Chairman THORNBERRY and Ranking Member SMITH for their work in developing this year’s bill. I would also like to thank Congressman TURNER , chairman of the Tactical Air and Land Forces Subcommittee, of which I am the ranking member, for his leadership and spirit of bipartisanship this year. This year’s bill includes investments to fill genuine readiness needs and funding that is critical to ensuring that our men and women in uniform have the best cuttingedge resources and best equipment possible to keep them safe when defending our Nation. I was encouraged that the bill we have passed out of committee directs the Defense Department to provide specific updates and reports on a number of programs and platforms so that we can robustly conduct our oversight responsibility on behalf of the American people. However, as we consider the bill on the floor today and in the coming days, I remain concerned about how we fund these needs. Substantial budget increases for the Department of Defense at the expense of other vital national programs undermines investments in our national competitiveness and the future of our country and, I believe, makes us less secure over the long term. Providing our men and women in uniform with the resources they need to carry out their mission is one of our most solemn obligations, but we must also fund these resources responsibly in order to safeguard our economic vitality and our national security. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. TURNER ), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces. Mr. TURNER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. I have the privilege of serving as the chairman of the Tactical Air and Land Forces Subcommittee, and I want to particularly thank my subcommittee’s ranking member, Ms. TSONGAS , for her support in completing the markup of the bill, as well as for her hard work and for the bipartisan work that we have done together on the issue of sexual assault in the military. I appreciate her leadership in that. I strongly support this bill and can’t emphasize enough Chairman THORN BERRY ’s steadfast leadership in raising the top line in this bill. This bill recommends $631 billion, a significant and needed increase over the original budget request that supports both the base and unfunded requirements, which totaled over $30 billion. Without Chairman THORNBERRY ’s leadership, this number would not be sufficient. We are presenting a budget that helps rebuild the readiness of our forces. This increased base funding will begin to rebuild fullspectrum readiness from years of deferred modernization brought on by the previous administration. Within the Tactical Air and Land Forces Subcommittee jurisdiction, this bill authorizes over $12 billion in additional funds to address critical unfunded modernization requirements identified by the services. The bill recognizes the importance of land forces in current and future operations and authorizes over $2 billion to accelerate armored brigade team modernization, to include additional Abrams tanks and Bradley fighting vehicles. The bill addresses strike fighter capability and capacity shortfalls and authorizes another $2 billion in additional funding to secure additional F–35 Strike Fighters and F–18 Super Hornets to address unfunded requirements for the Air Force, Navy, and Marine Corps. I am also pleased that this bill supports the European Deterrence Initiative, using OCO and addressing the needs of our European allies. This bill contains language from the BE HEARD sexual assault bill that I worked with Representative TSONGAS  on, that we introduced in June, and I am very proud that we continue to advance for the cause of protecting our servicemembers from sexual assault. I am also pleased to note that Evan’s Law is included in this bill. This bill will ensure that the that Department of Defense implements military residential window safety measures to protect against unintentional falls by young children. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support the National Defense Authorization Act. Mr. SMITH of Washington. I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Guam (Ms. BORDALLO ), ranking member of the Subcommittee on Readiness. Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Chairman, I would first like to commend Chairman THORNBERRY , Ranking Member S MITH, and the committee staff who have worked many long nights on the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. While there are very real questions about the top line number, and I believe it would be inappropriate and reckless to have any additional funding come off the backs of nondefense spending, this is an important step forward in rebuilding our military readiness. This bill includes additional operations and maintenance funding to support more combat training center rotations and needed investment in the facilities sustainment, restoration, and modernization accounts, providing more training opportunities and better maintenance facilities to live, work, and operate in. However, readiness cannot be bought back in a year, and these targeted investments must continue. Furthermore, the bill provides authorities to rightsize civilian personnel shortfalls that have stressed maintenance backlogs at our shipyards and our depots. It also will make more effective the Department’s Quarterly Readiness Report and raise the minor military construction threshold and clarify unspecified projects to provide additional flexibility to the Department. I would especially like to thank Chairman THORNBERRY for following through on his commitment last year to work with me to include my provision that would help address critical workforce shortages affecting military 
construction and healthcare essential to the military buildup on Guam. I also thank our Ranking Member SMITH and Readiness Subcommittee Chairman JOEWILSON for working with me on this issue and on this bill. I look forward to continuing to work together to protect the full intent of this legislation. The readiness portion of this bill also includes provisions to support ship repair in the western Pacific, as well as full funding for critical military construction projects. b1945 Given our posture, our strategic needs and challenges in the region, it is essential that we continue to sufficiently resource and support an active and engaged IndoAsiaPacific force. I look forward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle as this process continues. And lastly, Mr. Chair, I would like to commend Vickie Plunkett for her over two decades of service in the House of Representatives, and 10 years on the House Armed Services Committee. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. ROGERS), the chair of our Subcommittee on Strategic Forces. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair, I would like to thank Chairman THORN BERRY and Ranking Member S MITH for their leadership in bringing this years’s NDAA. I would also like to thank my friend and colleague from Tennessee, Mr. JIMCOOPER , the ranking member on our subcommittee, for being such a great partner as we worked on this important bill. Now, I would like to focus on some key provisions in the bill. First, space reform. This bill takes two monumental steps to reform national security space. First, the bill provides for the creation of a space core within the Air Force to fix the fragmented space acquisition process. Second, it provides for the establishment of a subordinate, unified command for space under U.S. Strategic Command to ensure integration of the joint command of all space operations. I can’t stress enough the urgent necessity of these reforms. Our society and our military are enormously dependent on space. Meanwhile, our adversaries continue to grow their counterspace capabilities. These adversaries have already reorganized their space forces toward the goal of neutralizing our advantage in space. Multiple studies going back almost two decades have recommended a space force to fix our space acquisition and management problems. Regardless, the DOD and the Air Force have yet to fix the problem. Decisionmaking authorities for space acquisitions remain fragmented across over 60 organizations. This bill would consolidate acquisition authority and improve our ability to jointly operate in space. Earlier this week, I returned from Asia where I got to meet with our troops on the Korean Peninsula. I was in theater when North Korea conducted their intercontinental ballistic missile. We must be vigilant when it comes to our missile defenses, and this year’s NDAA does that. Noteworthy initiatives in the bill include the authorization of approximately $2 billion in additional funds for the Missile Defense Agency. It also accelerates our efforts to develop a spacebased sensor and interceptor capabilities. Lastly, the bill supports our nuclear deterrence and includes provisions to improve the oversight of our nuclear command, control, and communications. Mr. Chair, I urge support of this important legislation. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. LANGEVIN ), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities. (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chair, I want to thank the ranking member for yielding. And, Mr. Chair, I would like to begin by thanking Chairman THORN BERRY , Ranking Member S MITH, and Chairwoman STEFANIK for their collective efforts in crafting this bill that is before us this evening. I would also like to thank the staff who worked tirelessly on this productive and forwardthinking legislation. It is an honor and a privilege to serve as a senior member of the House Armed Services Committee on behalf of the selfless servicemen and women who protect our Nation every day, and I am proud of the very strong bipartisan effort represented by this year’s NDAA. Mr. Chair, we accomplish a number of important objectives in this bill. First of all, we enhance our deterrence capabilities in Europe and support our Nation’s submarine force. I am very proud of the Virginia class submarines that we build starting right in my district, and we also provide strong support for the Columbia class program that will be the Ohio replacement program. We also make it clear that climate security is, indeed, national security, backing the Department in its efforts to build resilience, reduce risk, and prepare for all types of threats that may come our way, even if those threats come from climate change. But as ranking member of the Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, I am particularly proud of the provisions we have included on cybersecurity, special operations, and research and development. We strengthen our cyber cooperation with our partners and allies through both training and collaboration with the NATO Cooperative Cyber Defence Centre of Excellence. We better leverage the U.S. Global Engagement Center to combat propaganda and information warfare operations conducted against America and her allies, and we grant permanent authority for family support programs within Special Operations Command that reflect the unique needs of these warfighters and their families. We also reinvigorate the DOD scholarship program so that students are encouraged to pursue information security degrees and can come to work defending our Nation from the getgo. We can have all of the cyber policies in place that we want, but if we don’t have the trained workforce to execute those policies, we are going to be behind the curve, and this helps to close that gap. We advance hypersonic weapons research, development, and especially transition efforts. We prioritized the readiness of U.S. Cyber Command in our Cyber Mission Force, and we strengthen congressional oversight of sensitive cyber military operations and command cyber warfare tools and capabilities. This approach was deliberate in nature, and it moves us closer to a military that will be able to address the variety of threats that we face in the 21st century. Again, I would like to thank Chairman T HORNBERRY , Ranking Member SMITH, and Chairwoman S TEFANIK , and all of my colleagues on the House Armed Services Committee, as well as the staff, for their hard work on this very important bill. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. WITTMAN), the distinguished chair of the Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2810, the FY18 National Defense Authorization Act, but I continue to be surprised at some of the national security pundits who believe that a diminished force structure will improve our national security. Some have questioned whether we should fully fund national defense. Some have even questioned whether we should continue to expand our armed services to meet the strategic challenges posed by a rising China and Russia, by an unpredictable North Korea, and a belligerent Iran. Mr. Chairman, our time is up. The time of action is now. The focus of our Nation is upon us to provide for our national security. I am pleased that we appear to have turned the tide in properly resourcing the requirements of our armed services; and I am pleased that we are authorizing the funding to match our strategy and providing what our combatant commanders need to win any future conflicts; and I am pleased that we have acknowledged the importance of our servicemembers and the hardships that they endure so that we can enjoy our free and democratic society. 
In reference to the Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee, I believe that we have reversed a trend toward a diminishing Navy and are tracking toward a strengthened 355 ship fleet. The bill expands on the eight ships requested by the administration and adds an additional five ships. The bill also recommends additional advance procurement for aircraft carriers and attack submarines, while fully funding the Columbia class ballistic missile submarine and the B–21 raider bomber programs. As to aircraft, the bill recommends an expansion of KC–46As, C–130Js, E– 2Ds, and P–8s. Finally, the bill delivers the right authorities that will save the Department of Defense billions—yes, billions—of dollars. Additionally, I want to recognize Ranking Member JOECOURTNEY . He has done extraordinary work and has been a true partner in this journey and continues to work in a collaborative, bipartisan basis, to deliver the best for our national security. I continue to be impressed with the results that can be achieved when a subcommittee and the full committee focuses on a common goal and works to achieve bipartisan results. I urge my colleagues to support the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. SPEIER ), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Military Personnel. Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for his outstanding leadership and candor on our committee. I want to give a special shoutout to our chairman, Mr. THORN BERRY , who shaved an hour and a half off our deliberations a couple of weeks ago by bringing us into the 21st century, and laptops to look at our amendments. So it was a great improvement. I also want to thank my chair, Chairman MIKECOFFMAN , for his leadership. We have worked well together, and I look forward to continuing that relationship, and also to a topnotch staff. This bill includes provisions that will provide the military services flexibility to recruit and retain members of our armed services and continues our commitment to taking care of our military families. The NDAA continues funding for DOD impact aid for schools with large numbers of militaryconnected families and authorizes reimbursement, up to $500 for military spouses’ expenses related to obtaining a professional license or certification when moving to a new State. The committee continues to provide oversight of important programs in the bill requiring reviews to ensure the Morale, Welfare, and Recreation programs are properly funded to required levels and the Department of Defense’s debt collection practices are fair and do not place undue burdens on servicemembers or their families. The bill includes the PRIVATE Act, which I cosponsored with Congresswoman MARTHA MCSALLY and other members of the committee to prohibit the wrongful broadcast or distribution of intimate visual images and ensure the military services have the tools to prosecute those who violate the law. The bill also provides support for victims of sexual assault by mandating training for Special Victims’ Counsel to recognize and address unique challenges often faced by male victims of sexual assault. I am pleased that the bill continues the committee’s efforts to assist those with posttraumatic stress disorder and traumatic brain injury, as well as ensuring families are educated on suicide factors that are often associated with TBI or posttraumatic stress. However, as Ranking Member SMITH has said, this NDAA fails to make the hard choices and tradeoffs that are expected of us. The NDAA goes beyond the President’s request to provide 2.4 percent pay raises for our servicemen and women, at an additional cost of $200 million, an expense simply added to the top line. The NDAA also authorizes an increased end strength for the Army at a cost of $4 billion, again, simply adding it to the top line. Certainly, our troops deserve a pay raise, but the question that must be asked is: Where is the money coming from? And on what basis are these decisions being made? Congress has not received a strategic plan from the Pentagon that would inform us on how large the military needs to grow. By just adding funding to the NDAA, Congress is not providing the stable, predictive funding the military needs. In order to do that, we need to address the big elephant in the room, the sequestration and budget control act caps. The CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. SMITH of Washington. I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentlewoman. Ms. SPEIER. Despite all of these additions, the committee was unfortunately unable to find the required offsets to fund an extension to the Special Survivor Indemnity Allowance to ensure it does not expire in May 2018. This falls short of my strong desire, shared by other members of the committee, to permanently fix the survivor benefit compensation. This also amounts to a shameful tax on over 60,000 surviving spouses who are already struggling emotionally and financially. While the SSIA extension would be an important temporary fix, Congress must make a permanent fix to the offset. We cannot continue to allow surviving military spouses to suffer from our inaction. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 30 seconds just to make two points. Number one, President Barack Obama was inaugurated in January 2009. The first national security strategy he submitted was in May of 2010, a yearandahalf later. So I don’t think it is completely unreasonable that we haven’t yet gotten the national security strategy from the new administration. Secondly, the pay raise for the troops is based on the statutory formula which is related to the cost of living. That is where it comes from. And it seems to me to say, no, you don’t really get what the formula says you deserve, is not appropriate. Now, the administration did not request it, and the criticism from some is that we should not provide it. I think if the formula is wrong, we should change it, but if the formula says that is how much the cost of living has gone up, we should provide it. Mr. Chair, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Colorado (Mr. COFFMAN ), the chair of the Subcommittee on Personnel. Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Chair, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. The bill contains significant policy and funding initiatives that continue our commitment to maintain military personnel and family readiness and address issues important to our troops. The provisions contained in this bill provide our warfighters, retirees, and their families the necessary pay and benefits to sustain them into today’s highly stressed force. To support these efforts, this bill establishes a fully funded bylaw pay raise for all of our servicemembers overriding the President’s ability to reduce the pay raise. After years of lower than bylaw pay raise requests, it is critical that we continue to give our troops and their families the pay increases they deserve. b2000 The bill increases the endstrengths of our Active Duty, National Guard, and Reserve forces, increasing mission readiness while reducing the stress and strain on the force and their families. The bill further focuses last year’s management reform of the Military Health System to provide clear responsibility for the delivery of healthcare services at military medical treatment facilities and for military medical readiness. The bill also stops an illconsidered, costsaving measure that would close several U.S. military hospitals overseas. We believe our servicemembers and their families should continue to have the best medical care possible wherever they serve. It also continues to improve sexual assault prevention and response by adding a new provision to the Uniform Code of Military Justice specifically prohibiting nonconsensual sharing of intimate images, expanding Special Victims’ Counsel training to include training on the unique challenges often 
faced by male victims, and clarifying the process by which a designated representative can be appointed by a victim prior to a courtmartial. The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Colorado. Mr. COFFMAN. Finally, servicemembers returning to civilian life and their spouses are challenged by varying State licensure and certification requirements. Rather than imposing a single Federal standard on the States, we provide for a $500 reimbursement to defray these costs. We ask States to work with the Secretary of Defense to develop common standards where possible. In conclusion, I want to thank Ms. SPEIER and her staff for their contributions to the mark and support in this process. Of course, we were joined by an active, informed, and dedicated group of subcommittee members. Their recommendations and priorities are clearly reflected in the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. Additionally, I appreciate the dedication and hard work of the subcommittee staff. Mr. Chairman, I strongly urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. DAVIS). Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Chairman, I rise to commend the dedicated bipartisan work of the House Armed Services Committee in recognizing our subcommittee chairs, members, and the staff as well in bringing this critical bill to the floor. But as it has been stated earlier, the budget numbers that we are talking about contained in the bill are, unfortunately, aspirational. We have not passed a budget resolution, and the Budget Control Act is still the law of the land. While it is true that the BCA was a bipartisan failing—we can all take credit for that—pointing fingers does not solve the problems. We are on an uncertain and dangerous path, one where we have not been honest with ourselves on many levels and where we continue to play games with our men and women serving in the military. We must recognize that the only path to solving these issues is bipartisan collaboration and legislation to repeal the BCA. Continuing resolutions and unrealistic, deeply partisan budgets amount to nothing more than professional malpractice. I have to say, Mr. Chairman, that I was encouraged to see that the Senate included a proposal similar to the one I introduced during markup to continue paying the widows of servicemembers who died in defense of our Nation. Their personal compensation is not just a small gesture but our fundamental responsibility. I am also encouraged by the promise our chairman made regarding this issue. He said that the issue ‘‘has to be fixed and will be,’’ but there are, as he acknowledged as well, ‘‘difficult tradeoffs that have to be made.’’ I completely agree. We will all have to contribute to the solutions. I am prepared to do that, and I know that my colleagues are as well. We all have to hope together that we move forward and be prepared to do that. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. HARTZLER ) who is the distinguished chair of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations. Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. I would like to thank Chairman THORN BERRY and Ranking Member S MITH for bringing this important bill to the floor. As Members of Congress, it is our responsibility to provide support for our men and women in uniform while they selflessly serve our Nation. This bill takes significant steps to address our military’s severe readiness crisis by ensuring that our troops have the resources, training, and capabilities needed to face the growing threats of today. As chairwoman of the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee, I am proud of the provisions included in this bill to reform the Foreign Military Sales process, provide funding to address the critical infrastructure needs of the U.S. Nuclear Security Enterprise, and protect our Nation’s highly sensitive U.S. military information— information that our adversaries are actively seeking to exploit. This bill is good news for the warfighter. It authorizes 22 additional F–18 Super Hornets to help fill the Navy’s strike fighter shortfall and fully funds the B–21 Raider—a critical platform needed to deter and defeat future aggression around the world. I am proud to represent Missouri’s Fourth Congressional District, which is home to Whiteman Air Force Base and Fort Leonard Wood. This bill funds modernization programs for the B–2 Spirit and authorizes phase one of a new hospital facility at Fort Leonard Wood. Since arriving to Congress, I have been fighting to address the infrastructure needs of our Army ammunition plants, like the one at Lake City, which is the sole source for our Army’s small caliber ammo. These plants are in dire need of modernization, and this bill authorizes muchneeded funding to help improve these deteriorating facilities. Thanks to the leadership of Chairman THORNBERRY , the Armed Services Committee increased defense spending to meet the needs of today’s warfighter. I appreciate the opportunity to work with Ranking Member SETHMOULTON and all the committee members on this bill. I am proud of the bipartisan fashion in which we work, and I urge my colleagues to support its passage. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. BROWN ). Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Chairman, first, let me start by thanking Chairman THORNBERRY and Ranking Member SMITH not only for their leadership but the bipartisan collaborative approach to the work of the committee. Certainly as a new member of the 115th Congress, I find that very refreshing. From what I have seen, it is no surprise that 50plus years in a row we have successfully passed the NDAA. Mr. Chairman, the United States faces serious security threats: aggression from North Korea and Russia, long and costly campaigns in Afghanistan and Iraq, and new battlefields in cyberspace and in outer space. After years of sequestration, there is consensus certainly in the House Armed Services Committee that Congress must address readiness shortfalls and modernization challenges facing our military. So in the NDAA, we made greater investments in training and equipping the forces and prioritized projects that extend our technological and warfighting edge. But increasing defense authorizations and appropriations, absent a clear national security strategy, will not make our country safer. We need a smart, strategic approach to national security that provides clear goals and objectives and that incorporates an all ofgovernment approach. That means not only increasing defense spending, but also ensuring funding for the State Department and USAID and reversing proposed cuts to nondefense programs that make the world more stable and secure. We owe it to our servicemen and women to provide them with both the resources to accomplish their mission abroad and to pursue the American Dream when they return home, and that is good schools, familysupporting jobs, and safe neighborhoods. We cannot do one at the expense of the other. The longterm success of our country depends on that. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. STEFANIK ) who is the distinguished chair of the Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities. Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Chairman, today I rise in strong support of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018, which increases readiness and ensures that those who serve our Nation are fully equipped, trained, and supported. As the chairwoman of the Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, I am especially proud of the oversight regarding stronger cyber warfare capabilities, safeguarding technological superiority, enabling our Special Operations Forces around the 
globe, providing resources and authorities to counter terrorism and unconventional warfare threats, and energizing programs and activities that counter the spread of weapons of mass destruction. Our achievements in cybersecurity carry three broad themes: First, the bill increases congressional oversight of cyber operations by including a bill introduced by myself, Ranking Member LANGEVIN , Chairman T HORNBERRY , and Ranking Member SMITH that ensures Congress is kept fully informed of sensitive military cyber operations. Second, we bolster international partnerships for cyber warfare to counter aggressive adversaries, including efforts to counter and mitigate adversarial propaganda efforts and information warfare campaigns. Third, the bill continues to build and enhance our U.S. cyber warfare capabilities and activities. Furthermore, Mr. Chairman, this bill reinforces counterterrorism and unconventional warfare capabilities by fully resourcing U.S. Special Operations Command’s programs and activities and increasing congressional oversight of intelligence activities. Finally, I would like to thank Mr. ROGERS , chairman of the Strategic Forces Subcommittee, for including language that supports the decision for a future East Coast missile defense site. I would like to thank Mr. COFFMAN , chairman of the Military Personnel Subcommittee, for including portions of my bill, the Lift the Relocation Burden From Military Spouses Act. Before I conclude, I would like to thank Chairman MACTHORNBERRY for his leadership, as well as my subcommittee ranking member, Congressman JIMLANGEVIN of Rhode Island, for his bipartisan energy and cooperation on all of these issues. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 2810. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time remains on each side. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Washington has 9
1⁄2minutes remaining. The gentleman from Texas has 8 minutes remaining. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. BACON ) who is a valued member of the committee and a retired Air Force General. Mr. BACON. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in staunch support of the National Defense Authorization Act of 2018. I served in the military under the past five Presidents starting with Ronald Reagan and witnessed firsthand the erosion of our combat edge. When I joined the military, we outtrained our competitors with a 2to1 flyinghour advantage. Today, we are lagging behind them in training, and it is unconscionable to send our warriors to fight without every possible advantage. We don’t want a close fight, but that is where we are at today. As a General Officer, I was charged with preparing our forces to prevail over any adversary, a nearly impossible task given the damage done by a 22 percent reduction of defense spending over the last 8 years while we are at war. This act will begin to right the ship with a 10 percent topline increase providing the means to rebuild readiness, deter aggression, and defeat adversaries. It invests in peace through strength. The Constitution charges this body with the power to provide for the common defense. For the Armed Services Committee, this is a solemn obligation rooted in over 50 years of bipartisanship, and we meet this obligation with the 2018 NDAA. Mr. Chairman, I urge support. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. KNIGHT ) who is another very valuable member of our committee. Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. This bill is the result of mindful deliberation and absolute dedication to our Nation’s soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines. I am proud to be standing here with fellow members of the Armed Services Committee and speak to the merits of this legislation. In particular, the acquisition reforms in this bill will help get proven, advanced equipment in the hands of servicemembers faster and for a better price. This bill brings muchneeded innovation to the way defense acquisition personnel spend taxpayer dollars and the way commercial businesses engage with the U.S. Government. It prioritizes oversight of service contracts. This type of contract accounts for over 50 percent of DOD contract expenditures, which up to now was unclear and unanalyzed. It will help secure a better value for precious dollars spent through reforms in the contract auditing process. The smallbusiness industrial base is a critical part of DOD procurement. Our small businesses have a unique ability to strengthen our contracting process by driving innovation and competition in the marketplace. It is important that we create opportunities for these contractors and strengthen entrepreneurial development programs and help eliminate barriers of entry and diversify our industrial base. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURT NEY) who is the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. SMITH for yielding and compliments to him and Chairman THORN BERRY for the outstanding work, again, that the two of them have collaborated on to keep this really massive undertaking on schedule. It is really a very truncated schedule this year, but they both did it. Again, it is kudos to both of them in terms of their leadership skills. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the 2018 NDAA. Front and center in our deliberations in the Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee on which I serve with Chairman WITTMAN , who is in his first term and did an outstanding job, was the buildup of our Navy fleet which has been a multiyear process of strategic planning. b2015 In December of last year, the prior Navy secretary, Ray Mabus, who served in the prior administration, released an updated force structure assessment that laid out the requirement for increasing the Navy’s fleet from 308 ships to 355. Then, in January, Navy officials outlined a plan to get us on a construction plan to get us on a path to a larger fleet. In early May, the chief of naval operations emphasized that ‘‘time is of the essence’’ in growing the Navy. The stage was set to get started on the larger fleet. That was why so many of us were surprised on May 23 and disappointed when the White House sent over basically a 308ship budget for a 355ship fleet. I am proud to say that, on a bipartisan basis, we have done much better in this bill than the budget that came over. Among other things, the bill explicitly makes it the policy of our Nation to achieve a 355ship Navy. We add five additional ships in 2018, for a total of 12, to get us moving to the larger fleet that the prior administration and the new administration know that we need. One area I am particularly proud of is the area of undersea forces. Reflecting the urgent testimony of our combatant commanders, our panel once again led the way in forging an aggressive but realistic plan to grow our submarine fleet. To achieve this, our bill authorizes multiyear procurement authority for 13 Virginia class attack submarines for the next 5 years. Not only would this keep us at the twoayear level we have been on for the last few years, but would go even further by reaching a threesubmarine build rate in the coming years. The seapower portion of the bill does much more to support a range of priorities on the seas and in the skies, far too many to itemize here today. I will just say that I am proud of the bipartisan contribution of all of our subcommittee members into the product before the House today, and, again, Mr. WITTMAN for his first year as subcommittee chairman. In particular, I want to highlight the work of our subcommittee staff in 
helping us craft the bill. I am joined here today by one of my staff, Stephen Clement, who has been working with us, but he is going to be moving on to better things. I want to publicly thank him for his outstanding work in terms of helping us get to the place we are here today. In closing, I would urge my colleagues to support the Defense Authorization bill. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. BANKS ), a valuable member of our committee who continues to serve our Nation in the Reserves. Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Chair, I rise today to express my strong support for the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. As the most recently deployed veteran serving in Congress, serving in Afghanistan just 2 years ago, I know the national security challenges facing our country firsthand. While these challenges are not easily solved, this legislation represents a significant step forward. I want to take a moment and specifically thank Chairman THORNBERRY for his leadership and assistance to myself and other freshman members of the committee. Working together with colleagues on both sides of the aisle, the Armed Services Committee has crafted a bill focused on rebuilding and reforming the Department of Defense. By procuring what we need, fixing what we already have, and by being good stewards of the taxpayers’ dollars by proposing new contract audit reforms, this bill begins the hard work of getting our Department back on the right track. While we cannot control the existential threats facing our Nation, we must ensure those in uniform are ready to address those threats when necessary. Moreover, as this week’s tragic C–130 accident that claimed the lives of 16 servicemembers reminded all Americans, our servicemembers place their lives on the line each day. The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chair, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman. Mr. BANKS of Indiana. From giving our troops a welldeserved raise to funding our vital missile defense programs, I believe this legislation begins the process of rebuilding and reforming our military so we are ready for whatever comes next. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chair, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chair, what I really want to focus on is the budget problem, because that is really underlying all of this. We have heard a lot of good speeches from Members talking about what is in this bill, how important it is, how what is in this bill is attempting both to meet our national security threats and, as importantly, to make sure that we take care of the men and women who serve our military, who fight to protect us to make sure, first of all, that they and their families are taken care of from a financial standpoint, but also to make sure they have the equipment and training they need to be ready to fight the fights that we ask them to go to. I think that is one of the great challenges. Whatever it is we decide ought to be our national security strategy, I think the thing we all agree on is we need to make sure we provide the training, equipment, and support so that the men and women who serve in the military are ready for that fight. The worst thing we can do is create a hollow force and set up an expectation that: You need to do all of this, but we are only going to train you for that. So if this other stuff comes up, you are not going to be ready. We have talked about this a lot in our committee to make sure that we are ready for the fight that comes. And that is where the budget creates a very significant problem. We have talked a lot about the Budget Control Act and sequestration. It is pretty clear why we had the Budget Control Act and sequestration. I was here for it. We were days away from not raising the debt ceiling and basically not meeting our commitments to pay our bills. There are those who figure that that can be a significant problem. So we made an agreement. We were going to try to get the budget under control. Sequestration was put in place, with the expectation that it wouldn’t be implemented because we would come to a grand bargain on revenue and spending that would get our deficit under control. Well, we didn’t, and sequestration kicked in. But as we sit here today, even if we got rid of sequestration, even if we got rid of the budget caps, we are still $20 trillion in debt. We are going to run a $700 billion deficit. This is projected to go nowhere but up in the years ahead. I don’t believe that is sustainable. Now, I don’t think we need to balance the budget tomorrow or next year or even in the next 5 years, but we need to get ourselves on a sustainable path. And we flat refuse to do that. You don’t see a lot of campaigns promising to cut specific programs or promising to raise taxes. I love the fact that if you poll the American people, there is a very clear consensus on what they think we ought to do about this problem. First of all, somewhere in the neighborhood of 80 percent of them support a balanced budget now, by the way. Not 5, 10 years, but right now. You ask them: Well, here are all the places where the government spends money. What would you like to cut? The answer to that question is: nothing. Literally nothing. The Pew Research folks do a poll on this every year, and in every single category a majority of people would rather keep the money the same or increase it, as opposed to decrease it. Of course, if you ask them what taxes they would like to increase, by and large, they don’t want to increase taxes. It is interesting. If you can convince people that the taxes in question will not apply to them, for a brief moment they will be supportive of it. But then someone will come along and convince them that at some point it might apply to them, and then they oppose it. So our task as Members of Congress is to balance the budget without raising taxes or cutting spending. That, of course, is impossible. So what we have chosen to do is put off that decision for as long as is humanly possible. That is why we do not have a budget resolution. Any budget resolution this body could create would fail on probably multiple fronts of what the public expects. It wouldn’t balance the budget. It would cut spending they didn’t want to cut. It probably wouldn’t raise taxes, coming from this majority, but if it did, it wouldn’t be popular. So we have to start having an honest conversation about the budget. We hear in the Armed Services Committee all the time about all the needs, all the shortfalls, all the critical things we need to do. We argue about it and argue about it, but in 6 years the Republican majority has not put forward a plan to control mandatory spending. They say that is the problem. No plan to do that. Certainly, they haven’t even considered the possibility of increasing revenue. If we are this serious—and we should be—about making sure that we have the funds necessary to provide an adequate national security, then we should stop cowering from the budget debate. Personally, I am all for raising taxes because I see the needs that the chairman and everybody else has described, and I am actually prepared to pay for them. So we need to do that. That overarching budget problem is what has put us in this mess. As we talk about this bill, as I said, it is $72 billion over the budget caps. Unless we get a vote to lift those budget caps—which I just mentioned is politically unpopular, which is why we haven’t done it for the full 6 months we have been in session this year—then that $72 billion goes away and the Pentagon is back in chaos. So this may be a good bill. It may be solid. It doesn’t have the backing of the budget. Let me finally suggest that there are some things that the Department of Defense could do. This is why the strategy is so important. Yes, the Obama administration waited until May of 2010. They didn’t have 6 years of CRs and government shutdowns and threatened shutdowns and the changing threat environment that we have. They had a reasonably consistent set of problems. It was a set of problems, but they had the same Secretary of Defense from the previous administration. They had time to look at that. 
We need this strategy urgently because the big question is: Are we spending the money correctly? Is the Department of Defense spending the money in the right way? Do we have a strategy to figure out how we should prioritize? We don’t. With this crushing budget environment, it is absolutely critical that we do. We need to consider the possibility, for instance, that we might be spending some money that we shouldn’t be spending. I will often ask that question of the generals who come over and tell us how short they are of everything. I say: Well, where are we spending money, in your opinion, that we shouldn’t be? They never answer the question. You cannot tell me in a $700 billion budget in a place as large as the Pentagon that there isn’t somebody over there who knows to say: Look, we shouldn’t be doing this. Just to give one suggestion, we have had the BRAC debate forever. We have had a shrinking military, yet we have maintained the same infrastructure. We have seen study after study from the Air Force and others about how much excess capacity they have and money that could be saved from doing that. But again this year, for, I submit, political reasons, BRAC is prohibited. So we need to get a lot smarter about how we are going to spend this money and a lot smarter about our budget if this bill is actually going to become reality. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, as usual, the gentleman from Washington makes a number of good points. We absolutely need to have national security based on a strategy and fund that strategy. There are many of us who would argue that is not what has happened in recent years. I would just point out it was not only President Obama, but also President Bush and President Clinton. None of them provided a national security strategy in the first year that they were in office. I have tremendous confidence in Secretary Mattis, among others on the national security team. I believe they are looking at these issues and will provide us with a strategy. The gentleman is also absolutely correct when he points out that the Defense Authorization bill is only one step in the process. There are many more steps to come. I think we will have a budget on this floor to vote on shortly. I also expect that we are going to have appropriations to vote on at some point in the coming weeks. I also believe that we are going to have the opportunity to vote on dealing with the sequestration caps, which, by the way, the administration and I think most of us in the House and I presume most in the other body as well are in favor of doing away with because they have not been successful in accomplishing the goal for which they were put in place. So there are clearly many more debates to have on other days. What we have this week on the floor before us is the Defense Authorization bill. And it is our obligation to authorize the things that the military needs. I want to go back to the point that Mr. BANKS made a few minutes ago. These are lifeanddeath decisions. Our hearts break, our prayers go out to the families of the 15 marines and the one sailor who lost their lives Monday of this week in the plane crash in Mississippi, just as our hearts go out and our prayers continue for the family members of the seven sailors who lost their lives off of Japan a few weeks ago. What it reminds us is exactly what Mr. BANKS said: this is a dangerous business, even on training mission, even on routine deployments. The men and women who volunteer to serve our country to protect us and to secure our freedoms deserve the very best our country can provide them. That is the goal of this bill: support the men and women who serve us and to further the national security of the United States. You have heard from both sides of the aisle about many good things that are in this bill. We are going to go through a lot of amendments over the next several days. But at the end of the day, the point is, even with the good, the bad, and the ugly that gets put in this bill, to support the men and women who serve by voting ‘‘yes,’’ and I hope my colleagues will do that. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chair, I ask that the following exchange of letters be included in the RECORD on H.R. 2810: 
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  INFRASTRUCTURE , HOUSE OF  REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, July 5, 2017. Hon. WILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN THORNBERRY : I write concerning H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018, as amended. There are certain provisions in the legislation that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. However, in order to expedite this legislation for floor consideration, the Committee will forgo action on this bill. This, of course, is conditional on our mutual understanding that forgoing consideration of the bill does not prejudice the Committee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation that fall within the Committee’s Rule X jurisdiction. I request you urge the Speaker to name members of the Committee to any conference committee named to consider such provisions. Please place a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest into the committee report on H.R. 2810 and into the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Sincerely, BILLSHUSTER , Chairman. COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, July 5, 2017. Hon. BILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. I agree that the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure has valid jurisdictional claims to certain provisions in this important legislation, and I am most appreciative of your decision not to request a referral in the interest of expediting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this exchange of letters will be included in the committee report on the bill. Sincerely, WILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, June 30, 2017. Hon. WILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARMR. THORNBERRY : I write to confirm our mutual understanding regarding H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. This legislation contains subject matter within the jurisdiction of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. However, in order to expedite floor consideration of this important legislation, the committee waives consideration of the bill. The Veterans’ Affairs Committee takes this action only with the understanding that the committee’s jurisdictional interests over this and similar legislation are in no way diminished or altered. The committee also reserves the right to seek appointment to any HouseSenate conference on this legislation and requests your support if such a request is made. Finally, I would appreciate your including this letter in the Congressional Record during consideration of H.R. 2810 on the House Floor. Thank you for your attention to these matters. Sincerely, DAVID P. R OE, M.D., Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, July 5, 2017. Hon. DAVID P. R OE, M.D. Chairman, Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. I agree that the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs has valid jurisdictional claims to certain provisions in this important legislation, and I am most appreciative of your decision not to request a referral in the interest of expediting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this exchange of letters will be included in the committee report on the bill. Sincerely, WILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of our nation’s servicemembers, military families, and community colleges in support of the National Defense Authorization Act. 
The 2018 NDAA supports our men and women in uniform by providing a much deserved 2.4 percent pay increase and extending special pay and bonuses for servicemembers. This bill further supports military families by prohibiting the proposed reduction in inpatient care for military medical treatment facilities located outside the United States, and will provide up to $500 for a spouse’s expense related to obtaining a license or certification in another state because of a military move. Our nation’s military is one of the major economic drivers for the State of Texas. Texas is home to several of America’s largest military bases, including Fort Hood in Killeen, Fort Bliss in El Paso, and Joint Base San Antonio. Texas is also home to major defense manufacturing facilities that help our servicemembers protect America and employ thousands of hardworking Texans. The NDAA includes a provision, Section 3507, that will authorize the U.S. Maritime Administration to designate and provide assistance to certain community colleges and workforce training centers as ‘‘centers of excellence’’ that provide valuable skills in the maritime sector. This language will help community colleges, like San Jacinto College, in our district in Harris County, Texas, that provides a modern, comprehensive training program for working in our maritime industry. San Jacinto College works closely with Houston’s maritime community and the Port of Houston, and recently opened a stateoftheart maritime training center last year. This provision is modeled after legislation I introduced with Rep. ROBERT WITTMAN earlier this year, the Domestic Maritime Centers of Excellence Act (H.R. 2286). I hope our colleagues will support our Centers of Excellence provision and ensure its inclusion when the NDAA reaches the President’s desk. I ask all my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join me in supporting the National Defense Authorization Act. The CHAIR. All time for general debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5 minute rule. In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Armed Services, printed in the bill, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115– 23, modified by the amendment printed in part A of House Report 115–212, is adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as an original bill for the purpose of further amendment under the 5minute rule and shall be considered as read. The text of the bill, as amended, is a follows: 
H.R. 2810 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. ORGANIZATION OF ACT INTO DIVISIONS; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) D IVISIONS .—This Act is organized into four divisions as follows: (1) Division A—Department of Defense Authorizations. (2) Division B—Military Construction Authorizations. (3) Division C—Department of Energy National Security Authorizations and Other Authorizations. (4) Division D—Funding Tables. (b) TABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of contents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Organization of Act into divisions; table of contents. Sec. 3. Congressional defense committees. DIVISION A—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AUTHORIZATIONS TITLE I—PROCUREMENT Subtitle A—Authorization Of Appropriations Sec. 101. Authorization of appropriations. Subtitle B—Army Programs Sec. 111. Report on acceleration of Increment 2 of the Warfighter Information NetworkTactical. Subtitle C—Navy Programs Sec. 121. Aircraft carriers. Sec. 122. Procurement authority for icebreaker vessels. Sec. 123. Limitation on availability of funds for procurement of icebreaker vessels. Sec. 124. Multiyear procurement authority for Virginia class submarine program. Sec. 125. Multiyear procurement authority for Arleigh Burke class destroyers and associated systems. Sec. 126. Limitation on availability of funds for Arleigh Burke class destroyer. Sec. 127. Extensions of authorities relating to construction of certain vessels. Sec. 128. Multiyear procurement authority for V–22 Osprey aircraft. Subtitle D—Air Force Programs Sec. 131. Streamlining acquisition of intercontinental ballistic missile security capability. Sec. 132. Limitation on selection of single contractor for C–130H avionics modernization program increment 2. Sec. 133. Limitation on availability of funds for EC–130H Compass Call recapitalization program. Sec. 134. Costbenefit analysis of upgrades to MQ–9 Reaper aircraft. Subtitle E—Defensewide, Joint, and Multiservice Matters Sec. 141. Authority for procurement of economic order quantities for the F–35 aircraft program. Sec. 142. Limitation on demilitarization of certain cluster munitions. Sec. 143. Reinstatement of requirement to preserve certain C–5 aircraft. Sec. 144. Requirement that certain aircraft and unmanned aerial vehicles use specified standard data link. TITLE II—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION Subtitle A—Authorization Of Appropriations Sec. 201. Authorization of appropriations. Subtitle B—Program Requirements, Restrictions, And Limitations Sec. 211. Cost controls for presidential aircraft recapitalization program. Sec. 212. Capital investment authority. Sec. 213. Modification of authority to award prizes for advanced technology achievements. Sec. 214. Critical technologies for Columbia class submarine. Sec. 215. Joint Hypersonics Transition Office. Sec. 216. Hypersonic airbreathing weapons capabilities. Sec. 217. Limitation on availability of funds for MQ–25 unmanned air system. Sec. 218. Limitation on availability of funds for contract writing systems. TITLE III—OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 301. Authorization of appropriations. Subtitle B—Energy and Environment Sec. 311. Codification of and improvements to Department of Defense clearinghouse to coordinate Department review of applications for certain projects that may have adverse impact on military operations and readiness. Sec. 312. Energy performance goals and master plan. Sec. 313. Payment to Environmental Protection Agency of stipulated penalty in connection with Umatilla Chemical Depot, Oregon. Sec. 314. Payment to Environmental Protection Agency of stipulated penalty in connection with Longhorn Army Ammunition Plant, Texas. Sec. 315. Department of Defense cleanup and removal of petroleum, oil, and lubricant associated with the Prinz Eugen. Subtitle C—Logistics and Sustainment Sec. 321. Reauthorization of multitrades demonstration project. Sec. 322. Guidance regarding use of organic industrial base. Subtitle D—Reports Sec. 331. Quarterly reports on personnel and unit readiness. Sec. 332. Biennial report on core depotlevel maintenance and repair capability. Sec. 333. Annual report on personnel, training, and equipment needs of nonfederalized National Guard. Sec. 334. Annual report on military working dogs used by the Department of Defense. Sec. 335. Annual briefings on Army explosive ordnance disposal. Sec. 336. Report on effects of climate change on Department of Defense. Subtitle E—Other Matters 
Sec. 341. Explosive safety board. Sec. 342. Department of Defense support for military service memorials and museums that highlight the role of women in the Armed Forces. Sec. 343. Limitation on availability of funds for advanced skills management software system of the Navy. Sec. 344. Costbenefit analysis of uniform specifications for Afghan military or security forces. TITLE IV—MILITARY PERSONNEL AUTHORIZATIONS Subtitle A—Active Forces Sec. 401. End strengths for active forces. Sec. 402. Revisions in permanent active duty end strength minimum levels. Subtitle B—Reserve Forces Sec. 411. End strengths for Selected Reserve. Sec. 412. End strengths for reserves on active duty in support of the reserves. Sec. 413. End strengths for military technicians (dual status). Sec. 414. Fiscal year 2018 limitation on number of nondual status technicians. Sec. 415. Maximum number of reserve personnel authorized to be on active duty for operational support. Subtitle C—Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 421. Military personnel. 
TITLE V—MILITARY PERSONNEL POLICY Subtitle A—Regular and Reserve Component Management Sec. 501. Modification of requirements relating to conversion of certain military technician (dual status) positions to civilian positions. Sec. 502. Pilot program on use of retired senior enlisted members of the Army National Guard as Army National Guard recruiters. Sec. 503. Equal treatment of orders to serve on active duty under section 12304a and 12304b of title 10, United States Code. Sec. 504. Direct employment pilot program for members of the National Guard and Reserve. Subtitle B—General Service Authorities and Correction of Military Records Sec. 511. Consideration of additional medical evidence by Boards for the Correction of Military Records and liberal consideration of evidence relating to posttraumatic stress disorder or traumatic brain injury. Sec. 512. Public availability of information related to disposition of claims regarding discharge or release of members of the Armed Forces when the claims involve sexual assault. Sec. 513. Pilot program on use of video teleconferencing technology by boards for the correction of military records and discharge review boards. Sec. 514. Inclusion of specific email address block on Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty (DD Form 214). Sec. 515. Provision of information on naturalization through military service. Subtitle C—Military Justice and Other Legal Issues Sec. 521. Clarifying amendments related to the Uniform Code of Military Justice reform by the Military Justice Act of 2016. Sec. 522. Minimum confinement period required for conviction of certain sexrelated offenses committed by members of the Armed Forces. Sec. 523. Prohibition on wrongful broadcast or distribution of intimate visual images. Sec. 524. Information for the Special Victims’ Counsel or Victims’ Legal Counsel. Sec. 525. Special Victims’ Counsel training regarding the unique challenges often faced by male victims of sexual assault. Sec. 526. Garnishment to satisfy judgment rendered for physically, sexually, or emotionally abusing a child. Sec. 527. Inclusion of information in annual SAPRO reports regarding military sexual harassment and incidents involving nonconsensual distribution of private sexual images. Sec. 528. Inclusion of information in annual SAPRO reports regarding sexual assaults committed by a member of the Armed Forces against the member’s spouse or other family member. Sec. 529. Notification of members of the Armed Forces undergoing certain administrative separations of potential eligibility for veterans benefits. Sec. 530. Consistent access to Special Victims’ Counsel for former dependents of members of the Armed Forces. Subtitle D—Member Education, Training, Resilience, and Transition Sec. 541. Prohibition on release of military service academy graduates to participate in professional athletics. Sec. 542. ROTC Cyber Institutes at the senior military colleges. Sec. 543. Lieutenant Henry Ossian Flipper Leadership Scholarship Program. Subtitle E—Defense Dependents’ Education and Military Family Readiness Matters Sec. 551. Continuation of authority to assist local educational agencies that benefit dependents of members of the Armed Forces and Department of Defense civilian employees. Sec. 552. Education for dependents of certain retired members of the Armed Forces. Sec. 553. Codification of authority to conduct family support programs for immediate family members of members of the Armed Forces assigned to special operations forces. Sec. 554. Reimbursement for State licensure and certification costs of a spouse of a member of the Armed Forces arising from relocation to another State. Subtitle F—Decorations and Awards Sec. 561. Replacement of military decorations at the request of relatives of deceased members of the Armed Forces. Sec. 562. Congressional Defense Service Medal. Sec. 563. Limitations on authority to revoke certain military decorations awarded to members of the Armed Forces. Subtitle G—Miscellaneous Reports and Other Matters Sec. 571. Expansion of United States Air Force Institute of Technology enrollment authority to include civilian employees of the homeland security industry. Sec. 572. Servicemembers’ Group Life Insurance. Sec. 573. Voter registration. Sec. 574. Sense of Congress regarding section 504 of title 10, United States Code, on existing authority of the Department of Defense to enlist individuals, not otherwise eligible for enlistment, whose enlistment is vital to the national interest. TITLE VI—COMPENSATION AND OTHER PERSONNEL BENEFITS Subtitle A—Pay and Allowances Sec. 601. Annual adjustment of basic monthly pay. Sec. 602. Limitation on basic allowance for housing modification authority for members of the uniformed services residing in Military Housing Privatization Initiative housing. Sec. 603. Housing treatment for certain members of the Armed Forces, and their spouses and other dependents, undergoing a permanent change of station within the United States. Sec. 604. Per diem allowance policies. Subtitle B—Bonuses and Special and Incentive Pays Sec. 611. Oneyear extension of certain bonus and special pay authorities for reserve forces. Sec. 612. Oneyear extension of certain bonus and special pay authorities for health care professionals. Sec. 613. Oneyear extension of special pay and bonus authorities for nuclear officers. Sec. 614. Oneyear extension of authorities relating to title 37 consolidated special pay, incentive pay, and bonus authorities. Sec. 615. Oneyear extension of authorities relating to payment of other title 37 bonuses and special pays. Sec. 616. Reimbursement for State licensure and certification costs of a member of the Armed Forces arising from separation from the Armed Forces. Sec. 617. Increase in maximum amount of aviation bonus for 12month period of obligated service. Sec. 618. Technical and clerical amendments relating to 2008 consolidation of certain special pay authorities. Subtitle C—Disability Pay, Retired Pay, and Survivor Benefits Sec. 621. Findings and sense of Congress regarding the Special Survivor Indemnity Allowance. Subtitle D—Other Matters Sec. 631. Land conveyance authority, Army and Air Force Exchange Service property, Dallas, Texas. Sec. 632. Advisory boards regarding military commissaries and exchanges. TITLE VII—HEALTH CARE PROVISIONS Subtitle A—TRICARE and Other Health Care Benefits Sec. 701. Physical examinations for members of a reserve component who are separating from the Armed Forces. Sec. 702. Mental health examinations before members separate from the Armed Forces. Sec. 703. Provision of hyperbaric oxygen therapy for certain members of the Armed Forces. Subtitle B—Health Care Administration Sec. 711. Clarification of roles of commanders of military medical treatment facilities and Surgeons General. Sec. 712. Maintenance of inpatient capabilities of military medical treatment facilities located outside the United States. Sec. 713. Regular update of prescription drug pricing standard under TRICARE retail pharmacy program. Sec. 714. Residency requirements for podiatrists. Subtitle C—Other Matters Sec. 721. One year extension of pilot program for prescription drug acquisition cost parity in the TRICARE Pharmacy Benefits Program. Sec. 722. Pilot program on health care assistance system. Sec. 723. Research of chronic traumatic encephalopathy. Sec. 724. Sense of Congress on eligibility of victims of acts of terror for evaluation and treatment at military treatment facilities. TITLE VIII—ACQUISITION POLICY, ACQUISITION MANAGEMENT, AND RELATED MATTERS Subtitle A—Defense Acquisition Streamlining and Transparency PARTI—A CQUISITION SYSTEM STREAMLINING  Sec. 801. Procurement through online marketplaces. Sec. 802. Performance of incurred cost audits. Sec. 803. Modifications to cost or pricing data and reporting requirements. PARTII—E ARLY INVESTMENTS IN ACQUISITION  PROGRAMS  Sec. 811. Requirement to emphasize reliability and maintainability in weapon system design. Sec. 812. Licensing of appropriate intellectual property to support major weapon systems. 
Sec. 813. Management of intellectual property matters within the Department of Defense. Sec. 814. Improvement of planning for acquisition of services. Sec. 815. Improvements to test and evaluation processes and tools. PARTIII—A CQUISITION WORKFORCE  IMPROVEMENTS  Sec. 821. Enhancements to the civilian program management workforce. Sec. 822. Improvements to the hiring and training of the acquisition workforce. Sec. 823. Extension and modifications to acquisition demonstration project. Sec. 824. Acquisition positions in the Offices of the Secretaries of the Military Departments. PARTIV—T RANSPARENCY IMPROVEMENTS  Sec. 831. Transparency of defense business system data. Sec. 832. Major defense acquisition programs: display of budget information. Sec. 833. Enhancements to transparency in test and evaluation processes and data. Subtitle B—Streamlining of Defense Acquisition Statutes and Regulations Sec. 841. Modifications to the advisory panel on streamlining and codifying acquisition regulations. Sec. 842. Extension of maximum duration of fuel storage contracts. Sec. 843. Exception for business operations from requirement to accept $1 coins. Sec. 844. Repeal of expired pilot program. Subtitle C—Amendments to General Contracting Authorities, Procedures, and Limitations Sec. 851. Limitation on unilateral definitization. Sec. 852. Codification of requirements pertaining to assessment, management, and control of operating and support costs for major weapon systems. Sec. 853. Use of program income by eligible entities that carry out procurement technical assistance programs. Sec. 854. Amendment to sustainment reviews. Sec. 855. Clarification to other transaction authority. Sec. 856. Clarifying the use of lowest price technically acceptable source selection process. Sec. 857. Amendment to nontraditional and small contractor innovation prototyping program. Sec. 858. Modification to annual meeting requirement of Configuration Steering Boards. Sec. 859. Change to definition of subcontract in certain circumstances. Sec. 860. Amendment relating to applicability of inflation adjustments. Subtitle D—Other Matters Sec. 861. Exemption from designbuild selection procedures. Sec. 862. Requirement that certain ship components be manufactured in the national technology and industrial base. Sec. 863. Procurement of aviation critical safety items. Sec. 864. Milestones and timelines for contracts for foreign military sales. Sec. 865. Notification requirement for certain contracts for audit services. Sec. 866. Training in acquisition of commercial items. Sec. 867. Notice of costfree Federal procurement technical assistance in connection with registration of small business concerns on procurement websites of the Department of Defense. Sec. 868. Comptroller General report on contractor business system requirements. Sec. 869. Standard guidelines for evaluation of requirements for services contracts. Sec. 870. Temporary limitation on aggregate annual amount available for contract services. TITLE IX—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ORGANIZATION AND MANAGEMENT Subtitle A—Organization and Management of the Department of Defense Generally Sec. 901. Responsibility of the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense for risk management activities regarding supply chain for information technology systems. Sec. 902. Repeal of Office of Corrosion Policy and Oversight. Sec. 903. Designation of corrosion control and prevention executives for the military departments. Sec. 904. Maintaining civilian workforce capabilities to sustain readiness, the all volunteer force, and operational effectiveness. Subtitle B—Designation of the Navy and Marine Corps Sec. 911. Redesignation of the Department of the Navy as the Department of the Navy and Marine Corps. Sec. 912. Conforming amendments to title 10, United States Code. Sec. 913. Other provisions of law and other references. Sec. 914. Effective date. Subtitle C—Other Matters Sec. 921. Transition of the Office of the Secretary of Defense to reflect establishment of positions of Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, and Chief Management Officer. Sec. 922. Extension of deadlines for reporting and briefing requirements for Commission on the National Defense Strategy for the United States. Sec. 923. Briefing on force management level policy. TITLE X—GENERAL PROVISIONS Subtitle A—Financial Matters Sec. 1001. General transfer authority. Sec. 1002. Preparation of consolidated corrective action plan and implementation of centralized reporting system. Sec. 1003. Additional requirements relating to Department of Defense audits. Subtitle B—Naval Vessels and Shipyards Sec. 1011. National Defense Sealift Fund. Sec. 1012. National Defense Sealift Fund: construction of national icebreaker vessels. Sec. 1013. Use of National SeaBased Deterrence Fund for multiyear procurement of certain critical components. Sec. 1014. Restrictions on the overhaul and repair of vessels in foreign shipyards. Sec. 1015. Availability of funds for retirement or 
inactivation of Ticonderogaclass cruisers or dock landing ships. Sec. 1016. Policy of the United States on minimum number of battle force ships. Subtitle C—Counterterrorism Sec. 1021. Termination of requirement to submit annual budget justification display for Department of Defense combating terrorism program. Sec. 1022. Prohibition on use of funds for transfer or release of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba to the United States. Sec. 1023. Prohibition on use of funds to construct or modify facilities in the United States to house detainees transferred from United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Sec. 1024. Prohibition on use of funds for transfer or release of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to certain countries. Sec. 1025. Biannual report on support of special operations to combat terrorism. Subtitle D—Miscellaneous Authorities and Limitations Sec. 1031. Limitation on expenditure of funds for emergency and extraordinary expenses for intelligence and counterintelligence activities and representation allowances. Sec. 1032. Modifications to humanitarian demining assistance authorities. Sec. 1033. Prohibition on charge of certain tariffs on aircraft traveling through channel routes. Sec. 1034. Limitation on divestment of U2 or RQ4 aircraft. Sec. 1035. Prohibition on use of funds for retirement of legacy maritime mine countermeasures platforms. Sec. 1036. Restriction on use of certain funds pending solicitation of bids for Western Pacific dry dock. Sec. 1037. National Guard flyovers of public events. Sec. 1038. Transfer of funds to World War I Centennial Commission. Sec. 1039. Rule of construction regarding use of Department of Defense funding of a border wall. Subtitle E—Studies and Reports Sec. 1051. Elimination of reporting requirements terminated after November 25, 2017, pursuant to section 1080 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. Sec. 1052. Report on Department of Defense arctic capability and resource gaps. Sec. 1053. Review and assessment of Department of Defense personnel recovery and nonconventional assisted recovery mechanisms. Sec. 1054. Mine warfare readiness inspection plan and report. Sec. 1055. Report on civilian casualties from Department of Defense strikes. Sec. 1056. Reports on infrastructure and capabilities of Lajes Field, Portugal. Sec. 1057. Report on Joint Pacific Alaska Range Complex modernization. Subtitle F—Other Matters Sec. 1061. Technical, conforming, and clerical amendments. Sec. 1062. Workforce issues for relocation of Marines to Guam. Sec. 1063. Protection of Second Amendment Rights of Military Families. Sec. 1064. Transfer of surplus firearms to corporation for the promotion of rifle practice and firearms safety. Sec. 1065. National Guard accessibility to Department of Defense issued unmanned aircraft. Sec. 1066. Sense of Congress regarding aircraft carriers. Sec. 1067. Notice to Congress of terms of Department of Defense settlement agreements. Sec. 1068. Sense of Congress recognizing the United States Navy Seabees. 
Sec. 1069. Recognition of the United States Special Operations Command. Sec. 1070. Sense of Congress regarding World War I. Sec. 1071. Findings and sense of Congress regarding the National Guard Youth Challenge Program. Sec. 1072. Sense of Congress regarding National Purple Heart Recognition Day. TITLE XI—CIVILIAN PERSONNEL MATTERS Sec. 1101. Extension of direct hire authority for domestic Defense Industrial Base Facilities and Major Range and Test Facilities Base. Sec. 1102. Extension of authority to provide voluntary separation incentive pay for civilian employees of the Department of Defense. Sec. 1103. Additional Department of Defense science and technology reinvention laboratories. Sec. 1104. One year extension of authority to waive annual limitation on premium pay and aggregate limitation on pay for Federal civilian employees working overseas. Sec. 1105. Appointment of retired members of the armed forces to positions in or under the Department of Defense. Sec. 1106. Direct hire authority for financial management experts in the Department of Defense workforce. Sec. 1107. Extension of authority for temporary personnel flexibilities for domestic defense industrial base facilities and Major Range and Test Facilities Base civilian personnel. Sec. 1108. Oneyear extension of temporary authority to grant allowances, benefits, and gratuities to civilian personnel on official duty in a combat zone. TITLE XII—MATTERS RELATING TO FOREIGN NATIONS Subtitle A—Assistance and Training Sec. 1201. Oneyear extension of logistical support for coalition forces supporting certain United States military operations. Sec. 1202. Modification to Special Defense Acquisition Fund. Sec. 1203. Modification to ministry of defense advisor authority. Sec. 1204. Modification of authority to build capacity of foreign security forces. Sec. 1205. Extension and modification of authority on training for Eastern European national military forces in the course of multilateral exercises. Sec. 1206. Extension of participation in and support of the InterAmerican Defense College. Subtitle B—Matters Relating to Afghanistan and Pakistan Sec. 1211. Extension of authority to transfer defense articles and provide defense services to the military and security forces of Afghanistan. Sec. 1212. Report on United States strategy in Afghanistan. Sec. 1213. Extension and modification of authority for reimbursement of certain coalition nations for support provided to United States military operations. Subtitle C—Matters Relating to Syria, Iraq, and Iran Sec. 1221. Report on United States strategy in Syria. Sec. 1222. Extension and modification of authority to provide assistance to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. Sec. 1223. Extension and modification of authority to support operations and activities of the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq. Sec. 1224. Sense of Congress on threats posed by the Government of Iran. Subtitle D—Matters Relating to the Russian Federation Sec. 1231. Extension of limitation on military cooperation between the United States and the Russian Federation. Sec. 1232. Prohibition on availability of funds relating to sovereignty of the Russian Federation over Crimea. Sec. 1233. Statement of policy on the Russian Federation. Sec. 1234. Modification and extension of Ukraine Security Assistance Initiative. Sec. 1235. Limitation on availability of funds relating to implementation of the Open Skies Treaty. Sec. 1236. Sense of Congress on importance of nuclear capabilities of NATO. Sec. 1237. Sense of Congress on support for Georgia. Sec. 1238. Sense of Congress on support for Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania. Subtitle E—IntermediateRange Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty Preservation Act of 2017 Sec. 1241. Short title. Sec. 1242. Findings. Sec. 1243. Compliance enforcement regarding Russian violations of the INF Treaty. Sec. 1244. Development of INF range ground launched missile system. Sec. 1245. Notification requirement related to Russian Federation development of noncompliant systems and United States actions regarding material breach of INF Treaty by the Russian Federation. Sec. 1246. Limitation on availability of funds to extend the implementation of the New START Treaty. Sec. 1247. Review of RS–26 ballistic missile. Sec. 1248. Definitions. Subtitle F—Fostering Unity Against Russian Aggression Act of 2017 Sec. 1251. Short title. Sec. 1252. Findings and sense of Congress. Sec. 1253. Strategy to counter threats by the Russian Federation. Sec. 1254. Strategy to increase conventional precision strike weapon stockpiles in the United States European Command’s areas of responsibility. Sec. 1255. Plan to counter the military capabilities of the Russian Federation. Sec. 1256. Plan to increase cyber and information operations, deterrence, and defense. Sec. 1257. Sense of Congress on enhancing maritime capabilities. 
Sec. 1258. Plan to reduce the risks of miscalculation and unintended consequences that could precipitate a nuclear war. Sec. 1259. Definitions. Subtitle G—Matters Relating to the IndoAsia Pacific Region Sec. 1261. Sense of Congress on the IndoAsia Pacific region. Sec. 1262. Report on strategy to prioritize United States defense interests in the IndoAsiaPacific region. Sec. 1263. Assessment of United States force posture and basing needs in the IndoAsiaPacific region. Sec. 1264. Extended deterrence commitment to the AsiaPacific region. Sec. 1265. Authorization of appropriations to meet United States financial obligations under Compact of Free Association with Palau. Sec. 1266. Sense of Congress reaffirming security commitments to the Governments of Japan and South Korea and trilateral cooperation between the United States, Japan, and South Korea. Sec. 1267. Sense of Congress on freedom of navigation operations in the South China Sea. Sec. 1268. Sense of Congress on strengthening the defense of Taiwan. Sec. 1269. Sense of Congress on the Association of Southeast Asian Nations. Sec. 1270. Sense of Congress on reaffirming the importance of the United States Australia defense alliance. Subtitle H—Other Matters Sec. 1271. NATO Cooperative Cyber Defense Center of Excellence. Sec. 1272. NATO Strategic Communications Center of Excellence. Sec. 1273. Security and stability strategy for Somalia. Sec. 1274. Assessment of Global Theater Security Cooperation Management Information System. Sec. 1275. Future years plan for the European Deterrence Initiative. Sec. 1276. Extension of authority to enter into agreements with participating countries in the American, British, Canadian, and Australian Armies’ Program. Sec. 1277. Security strategy for Yemen. Sec. 1278. Limitation on transfer of excess defense articles that are high mobility multipurpose wheeled vehicles. Sec. 1279. Department of Defense program to protect United States students against foreign agents. Sec. 1280. Extension of United StatesIsrael antitunnel cooperation authority. Sec. 1281. Anticorruption strategy. TITLE XIII—COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION Sec. 1301. Specification of cooperative threat reduction funds. Sec. 1302. Funding allocations. TITLE XIV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS Subtitle A—Military Programs Sec. 1401. Working capital funds. Sec. 1402. Chemical agents and munitions destruction, defense. Sec. 1403. Drug interdiction and counterdrug activities defensewide. Sec. 1404. Defense Inspector General. Sec. 1405. Defense Health Program. Sec. 1406. National Defense Sealift Fund. Subtitle B—Other Matters Sec. 1411. Authority for transfer of funds to joint Department of DefenseDepartment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund for Captain James A. Lovell Health Care Center, Illinois. Sec. 1412. Authorization of appropriations for Armed Forces Retirement Home. TITLE XV—AUTHORIZATION OF ADDITIONAL APPROPRIATIONS FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 1501. Purpose and treatment of certain authorizations of appropriations. Sec. 1502. Procurement. Sec. 1503. Research, development, test, and evaluation. Sec. 1504. Operation and maintenance. Sec. 1505. Military personnel. Sec. 1506. Working capital funds. Sec. 1507. Drug Interdiction and CounterDrug Activities, Defensewide. Sec. 1508. Defense Inspector General. Sec. 1509. Defense Health program. 
Subtitle B—Financial Matters Sec. 1511. Treatment as additional authorizations. Sec. 1512. Special transfer authority. Subtitle C—Limitations, Reports, and Other Matters Sec. 1521. Afghanistan Security Forces Fund. Sec. 1522. Joint ImprovisedThreat Defeat Fund. TITLE XVI—STRATEGIC PROGRAMS, CYBER, AND INTELLIGENCE MATTERS Subtitle A—Management and Organization of Space Programs Sec. 1601. Establishment of Space Corps in the Department of the Air Force. Sec. 1602. Establishment of subordinate unified command of the United States Strategic Command. Subtitle B—Space Activities Sec. 1611. Codification, extension, and modification of limitation on construction on United States territory of satellite positioning ground monitoring stations of foreign governments. Sec. 1612. Foreign commercial satellite services: cybersecurity threats and launches. Sec. 1613. Extension of pilot program on commercial weather data. Sec. 1614. Conditional transfer of acquisition and funding authority of certain weather missions to National Reconnaissance Office. Sec. 1615. Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle modernization and sustainment of assured access to space. Sec. 1616. Commercial satellite communications pathfinder program. Sec. 1617. Demonstration of backup and complementary positioning, navigation, and timing capabilities of Global Positioning System. Sec. 1618. Enhancement of positioning, navigation, and timing capacity. Sec. 1619. Establishment of Space Flag training event. Sec. 1620. Report on operational and contingency plans for loss or degradation of space capabilities. Sec. 1621. Limitation on availability of funding for Joint Space Operations Center mission system. Sec. 1622. Limitation on availability of funds relating to advanced extremely high frequency program. Subtitle C—Defense Intelligence and IntelligenceRelated Activities Sec. 1631. Security clearances for facilities of certain contractors. Sec. 1632. Extension of authority to engage in certain commercial activities. Sec. 1633. Submission of audits of commercial activity funds. Sec. 1634. Clarification of annual briefing on the intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance requirements of the combatant commands. Sec. 1635. Review of support provided by Defense intelligence elements to acquisition activities of the Department. Sec. 1636. Limitation on availability of funds for certain offensive counterintelligence activities. Sec. 1637. Prohibition on availability of funds for certain relocation activities for NATO intelligence fusion center. Sec. 1638. Establishment of chairman’s controlled activity within Joint Staff for intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance. Sec. 1639. Sense of Congress and report on geospatial commercial activities for basic and applied research and development. Sec. 1640. Department of Defense Counterintelligence polygraph program. Sec. 1641. Security clearance for dualnationals. Sec. 1642. Suspension or revocation of security clearances based on unlawful or inappropriate contacts with representatives of a foreign government. Subtitle D—CyberspaceRelated Matters Sec. 1651. Notification requirements for sensitive military cyber operations and cyber weapons. Sec. 1652. Modification to quarterly cyber operations briefings. Sec. 1653. Cyber Scholarship Program. Sec. 1654. Plan to increase cyber and information operations, deterrence, and defense. Sec. 1655. Report on termination of dualhat arrangement for Commander of the United States Cyber Command. Subtitle E—Nuclear Forces Sec. 1661. Notifications regarding dualcapable F–35A aircraft. Sec. 1662. Oversight of delayed acquisition programs by Council on Oversight of the National Leadership Command, Control, and Communications System. Sec. 1663. Establishment of Nuclear Command and Control Intelligence Fusion Center. Sec. 1664. Security of nuclear command, control, and communications system from commercial dependencies. Sec. 1665. Oversight of aeriallayer programs by Council on Oversight of the National Leadership Command, Control, and Communications System. Sec. 1666. Security classification guide for programs relating to nuclear command, control, and communications and nuclear deterrence. Sec. 1667. Evaluation and enhanced security of supply chain for nuclear command, control, and communications and continuity of government programs. Sec. 1668. Limitation on pursuit of certain command and control concept. Sec. 1669. Procurement authority for certain parts of intercontinental ballistic missile fuzes. Sec. 1670. Sense of Congress on importance of independent nuclear deterrent of United Kingdom. Sec. 1671. Prohibition on availability of funds for mobile variant of ground based strategic deterrent missile. Sec. 1672. Report on impacts of nuclear proliferation. Subtitle F—Missile Defense Programs Sec. 1681. Administration of missile defense and defeat programs. Sec. 1682. Preservation of the ballistic missile defense capacity of the Army. Sec. 1683. Modernization of Army lower tier air and missile defense sensor. Sec. 1684. Enhancement of operational test and evaluation of ballistic missile defense system. Sec. 1685. Defense of Hawaii from North Korean ballistic missile attack. Sec. 1686. Aegis Ashore antiair warfare capability. Sec. 1687. Iron Dome shortrange rocket defense system, Israeli cooperative missile defense program codevelopment and coproduction, and Arrow 3 testing. Sec. 1688. Review of proposed groundbased midcourse defense system contract. Sec. 1689. Sense of Congress and plan for development of spacebased sensor layer for ballistic missile defense. Sec. 1690. Sense of Congress and plan for development of spacebased ballistic missile intercept layer. Sec. 1691. Limitation on availability of funds for groundbased midcourse defense element of the ballistic missile defense system. Sec. 1692. Conventional prompt global strike weapons system. Sec. 1693. Determination of location of continental United States interceptor site. Subtitle G—Other Matters Sec. 1695. Protection of certain facilities and assets from unmanned aircraft. Sec. 1696. Use of commercial items in Distributed Common Ground Systems. Sec. 1697. Independent assessment of costs relating to ammonium perchlorate. Sec. 1698. Limitation and business case analysis regarding ammonium perchlorate. Sec. 1699. Industrial base for large solid rocket motors and related technologies. Sec. 1699A. Pilot program on enhancing information sharing for security of supply chain. Sec. 1699B. Commission to Assess the Threat to the United States From Electromagnetic Pulse Attacks and Events. Sec. 1699C. Pilot program on electromagnetic spectrum mapping. TITLE XVII—MATTERS RELATING TO SMALL BUSINESS PROCUREMENT Subtitle A—Improving Transparency and Clarity for Small Businesses Sec. 1701. Improving reporting on small business goals. Sec. 1702. Uniformity in procurement terminology. Sec. 1703. Responsibilities of commercial market representatives. Sec. 1704. Responsibilities of Business Opportunity Specialists. Subtitle B—Women’s Business Programs Sec. 1711. Office of Women’s Business Ownership. Sec. 1712. Women’s Business Center Program. Sec. 1713. Matching requirements under Women’s Business Center Program. Subtitle C—SCORE Program Sec. 1721. SCORE reauthorization. Sec. 1722. SCORE program. Sec. 1723. Online component. Sec. 1724. Study and report on the future role of the SCORE program. Sec. 1725. Technical and conforming amendments. Subtitle D—Small Business Development Centers Improvements Sec. 1731. Use of authorized entrepreneurial development programs. Sec. 1732. Marketing of services. Sec. 1733. Data collection. Sec. 1734. Fees from private partnerships and cosponsorships. Sec. 1735. Equity for small business development centers. Sec. 1736. Confidentiality requirements. Sec. 1737. Limitation on award of grants to small business development centers. Subtitle E—Miscellaneous Sec. 1741. Modification of past performance pilot program to include consideration of past performance with allies of the United States. DIVISION B—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AUTHORIZATIONS Sec. 2001. Short title. Sec. 2002. Expiration of authorizations and amounts required to be specified by law. Sec. 2003. Effective date. 
TITLE XXI—ARMY MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 2101. Authorized Army construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2102. Family housing. Sec. 2103. Improvements to military family housing units. Sec. 2104. Authorization of appropriations, Army. Sec. 2105. Modification of authority to carry out certain Fiscal Year 2014 project. Sec. 2106. Modification of authority to carry out certain Fiscal Year 2015 project. Sec. 2107. Extension of authorization of certain Fiscal Year 2014 project. Sec. 2108. Extension of authorizations of certain Fiscal Year 2015 projects. Sec. 2109. Additional authority to carry out certain Fiscal Year 2000, 2005, 2006, and 2007 projects. TITLE XXII—NAVY MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 2201. Authorized Navy construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2202. Family housing. Sec. 2203. Improvements to military family housing units. Sec. 2204. Authorization of appropriations, Navy. Sec. 2205. Extension of authorizations for certain Fiscal Year 2014 projects. Sec. 2206. Extension of authorizations of certain Fiscal Year 2015 projects. TITLE XXIII—AIR FORCE MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 2301. Authorized Air Force construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2302. Family housing. Sec. 2303. Improvements to military family housing units. Sec. 2304. Authorization of appropriations, Air Force. Sec. 2305. Modification of authority to carry out certain Fiscal Year 2017 projects. Sec. 2306. Extension of authorizations of certain fiscal year 2015 projects. TITLE XXIV—DEFENSE AGENCIES MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 2401. Authorized Defense Agencies construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2402. Authorized energy resiliency and conservation projects. Sec. 2403. Authorization of appropriations, Defense Agencies. Sec. 2404. Modification of authority to carry out certain Fiscal Year 2017 project. Sec. 2405. Extension of authorizations of certain Fiscal Year 2014 projects. Sec. 2406. Extension of authorizations of certain Fiscal Year 2015 projects. TITLE XXV—INTERNATIONAL PROGRAMS Subtitle A—North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program Sec. 2501. Authorized NATO construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2502. Authorization of appropriations, NATO. Subtitle B—Host Country InKind Contributions Sec. 2511. Republic of Korea funded construction projects. Sec. 2512. Modification of authority to carry out certain Fiscal Year 2017 projects. TITLE XXVI—GUARD AND RESERVE FORCES FACILITIES Subtitle A—Project Authorizations and Authorizations of Appropriations Sec. 2601. Authorized Army National Guard construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2602. Authorized Army Reserve construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2603. Authorized Navy Reserve and Marine Corps Reserve construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2604. Authorized Air National Guard construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2605. Authorized Air Force Reserve construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2606. Authorization of appropriations, National Guard and Reserve. Subtitle B—Other Matters Sec. 2611. Modification of authority to carry out certain Fiscal Year 2015 project. Sec. 2612. Extension of authorizations of certain Fiscal Year 2014 projects. Sec. 2613. Extension of authorizations of certain Fiscal Year 2015 projects. TITLE XXVII—BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE ACTIVITIES Sec. 2701. Authorization of appropriations for base realignment and closure activities funded through Department of Defense base closure account. Sec. 2702. Prohibition on conducting additional base realignment and closure (BRAC) round. TITLE XXVIII—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION GENERAL PROVISIONS Subtitle A—Military Construction Program and Military Family Housing 
Sec. 2801. Elimination of written notice requirement for military construction activities and reliance on electronic submission of notifications and reports. Sec. 2802. Modification of thresholds applicable to unspecified minor construction projects. Sec. 2803. Extension of temporary, limited authority to use operation and maintenance funds for construction projects outside the United States. Sec. 2804. Use of operation and maintenance funds for military construction projects to replace facilities damaged or destroyed by natural disasters or terrorism incidents. Subtitle B—Real Property and Facilities Administration Sec. 2811. Elimination of written notice requirement for military real property transactions and reliance on electronic submission of notifications and reports. Sec. 2812. Clarification of applicability of fair market value consideration in grants of easements on military lands for rightsofway. Sec. 2813. Criteria for exchanges of property at military installations. Sec. 2814. Prohibiting use of updated assessment of public schools on Department of Defense installations to supersede funding of certain projects. Sec. 2815. Requirements for window fall prevention devices in military family housing. Sec. 2816. Authorizing reimbursement of States for costs of suppressing wildfires caused by Department of Defense activities on State lands; restoration of lands of other Federal agencies for damage caused by Department of Defense vehicle mishaps. Sec. 2817. Prohibiting collection of additional amounts from members living in units under Military Housing Privatization Initiative. Subtitle C—Land Conveyances Sec. 2821. Land exchange, Naval Industrial Reserve Ordnance Plant, Sunnyvale, California. Sec. 2822. Land conveyance, Naval Ship Repair Facility, Guam. Sec. 2823. Lease of real property to the United States Naval Academy Alumni Association and Naval Academy Foundation at United States Naval Academy, Annapolis, Maryland. Sec. 2824. Land Conveyance, Natick Soldier Systems Center, Massachusetts. Sec. 2825. Imposition of additional conditions on land conveyance, Castner Range, Fort Bliss, Texas. Sec. 2826. Land conveyance, WasatchCache National Forest, Rich County, Utah. Sec. 2827. Land conveyance, former missile alert facility known as Quebec01, Laramie County, Wyoming. Subtitle D—Military Land Withdrawals Sec. 2831. Indefinite duration of certain military land withdrawals and reservations and improved management of withdrawn and reserved lands. Sec. 2832. Temporary segregation from public land laws of property subject to proposed military land withdrawal; temporary use permits and transfers of small parcels of land between Departments of Interior and military departments; more efficient surveying of lands. Subtitle E—Military Memorials, Monuments, and Museums Sec. 2841. Modification of prohibition on transfer of veterans memorial objects to foreign governments without specific authorization in law. Sec. 2842. Recognition of the National Museum of World War II Aviation. Sec. 2843. Principal office of Aviation Hall of Fame. Subtitle F—Shiloh National Military Park Sec. 2851. Short title. Sec. 2852. Definitions. Sec. 2853. Areas to be added to Shiloh National Military Park. Sec. 2854. Establishment of affiliated area. Sec. 2855. Private Property Protection. Subtitle G—Other Matters Sec. 2861. Modification of Department of Defense guidance on use of airfield pavement markings. Sec. 2862. Authority of Chief Operating Officer of Armed Forces Retirement Home to acquire and lease property. TITLE XXIX—OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 2901. Authorized Army construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2902. Authorized Navy construction and land acquisition project. Sec. 2903. Authorized Air Force construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2904. Authorized Defense Agencies construction and land acquisition project. Sec. 2905. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 2906. Extension of authorization of certain Fiscal Year 2015 projects. DIVISION C—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY AUTHORIZATIONS AND OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS TITLE XXXI—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS Subtitle A—National Security Programs Authorizations Sec. 3101. National Nuclear Security Administration. 
Sec. 3102. Defense environmental cleanup. Sec. 3103. Other defense activities. Sec. 3104. Nuclear energy. Subtitle B—Program Authorizations, Restrictions, and Limitations Sec. 3111. Nuclear security enterprise infrastructure recapitalization and repair. Sec. 3112. Incorporation of integrated surety architecture in transportation. Sec. 3113. Cost estimates for life extension program and major alteration projects. Sec. 3114. Budget requests and certification regarding nuclear weapons dismantlement. Sec. 3115. Improved information relating to defense nuclear nonproliferation research and development program. Sec. 3116. Research and development of advanced naval reactor fuel based on lowenriched uranium. Sec. 3117. Prohibition on availability of funds for programs in Russian Federation. Sec. 3118. National Nuclear Security Administration pay and performance system. Sec. 3119. Disposition of weaponsusable plutonium. Sec. 3120. Modification of minor construction threshold for plant projects. Sec. 3121. Design competition. Sec. 3122. Department of Energy Counterintelligence polygraph program. Sec. 3123. Security clearance for dualnationals employed by National Nuclear Security Agency. Subtitle C—Plans and Reports Sec. 3131. Modification of certain reporting requirements. Sec. 3132. Assessment of management and operating contracts of national security laboratories. Sec. 3133. Evaluation of classification of certain defense nuclear waste. Sec. 3134. Report on Critical Decision–1 on Material Staging Facility project. Sec. 3135. Modification to stockpile stewardship, management, and responsiveness plan. Sec. 3136. Improved reporting for antismuggling radiation detection systems. Sec. 3137. Annual selected acquisition reports on certain hardware relating to defense nuclear nonproliferation. Sec. 3138. Assessment of design trade options of W804 warhead. TITLE XXXII—DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD Sec. 3201. Authorization. TITLE XXXIV—NAVAL PETROLEUM RESERVES Sec. 3401. Authorization of appropriations. TITLE XXXV—MARITIME ADMINISTRATION Sec. 3501. Authorization of the Maritime Administration. Sec. 3502. Merchant Ship Sales Act of 1946. Sec. 3503. Maritime Security Fleet Program; restriction on operation for new entrants. Sec. 3504. Codification of sections relating to acquisition, charter, and requisition of vessels. Sec. 3505. Assistance for small shipyards. Sec. 3506. Report on sexual assault victim recovery in the Coast Guard. Sec. 3507. Centers of excellence. DIVISION D—FUNDING TABLES Sec. 4001. Authorization of amounts in funding tables. TITLE XLI—PROCUREMENT Sec. 4101. Procurement. Sec. 4102. Procurement for overseas contingency operations. Sec. 4103. Procurement for overseas contingency operations for base requirements. TITLE XLII—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION Sec. 4201. Research, development, test, and evaluation. Sec. 4202. Research, development, test, and evaluation for overseas contingency operations. Sec. 4203. Research, development, test, and evaluation for overseas contingency operations for base requirements. TITLE XLIII—OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE Sec. 4301. Operation and maintenance. Sec. 4302. Operation and maintenance for overseas contingency operations. Sec. 4303. Operation and maintenance for overseas contingency operations for base requirements. TITLE XLIV—MILITARY PERSONNEL Sec. 4401. Military personnel. Sec. 4402. Military personnel for overseas contingency operations. Sec. 4403. Military personnel for overseas contingency operations for base requirements. TITLE XLV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS Sec. 4501. Other authorizations. Sec. 4502. Other authorizations for overseas contingency operations. TITLE XLVI—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 4601. Military construction. Sec. 4602. Military construction for overseas contingency operations. TITLE XLVII—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS Sec. 4701. Department of Energy national security programs. 
In this Act, the term ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(a)(16) of title 10, United States Code. DIVISION A—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AUTHORIZATIONS TITLE I—PROCUREMENT Subtitle A—Authorization Of Appropriations 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2018 for procurement for the Army, the Navy and the Marine Corps, the Air Force, and Defensewide activities, as specified in the funding table in section 4101. Subtitle B—Army Programs 
SEC. 111. REPORT ON ACCELERATION OF INCREMENT 2 OF THE WARFIGHTER INFORMATION NETWORKTACTICAL. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than January 30, 2018, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on options for the acceleration of the procurement and fielding of Increment 2 of the Warfighter Information NetworkTactical program of the Army (referred to in this section as ‘‘WINT Increment 2’’). (b) ELEMENTS .—The report under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) An estimate of the level of funding required to procure a sufficient quantity of WIN T Increment 2 components to field thirty Brigade Combat Teams or equivalent units in the period beginning with fiscal year 2018 and ending with fiscal year 2022. (2) A plan for fielding WINT Increment 2 to all Armored Brigade Combat Teams of the Army and associated combat vehicles, including the Armored Multipurpose Vehicle. (3) A plan for integrating WINT Increment 2 on the Stryker combat vehicles fielded to Stryker Brigade Combat Teams of the Army. (4) A list of potential upgrades to WINT Increment 2 that may improve program capabilities, including size, weight, and complexity, and the impact of these improvements on the cost of the program. (5) Options for fielding an Expeditionary Command Post capability that effectively integrates WINT Increment 2 and command post infrastructure. (6) A detailed plan for upgrading the existing WINT Increment 1 system to the latest WINT Increment 2 configuration that includes— (A) an estimate of the level of funding required to implement the plan; and (B) the effect of the plan on the fielding of mobile mission command to the reserve components of the Army. (7) Any other matters the Secretary determines to be appropriate. Subtitle C—Navy Programs SEC. 121. AIRCRAFT CARRIERS. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS ON INCREASE IN NUMBER OF OPERATIONAL AIRCRAFT CARRIERS .— (1) FINDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (A) Aircraft carriers are an essential element of the Navy’s core missions of forward presence, sea control, ensuring safe sea lanes, and power projection, and provide the flexibility and versatility necessary for the execution of a wide range of additional missions. (B) Forward airpower is integral to the security and joint forces operations of the United States. Carriers play a central role in delivering forward airpower from sovereign territory of the United States in both permissive and nonpermissive environments. (C) Aircraft carriers provide the Nation the ability to rapidly and decisively respond to national threats, to conduct worldwide, onstation diplomacy, and to deter threats to allies, partners, and friends of the United States. (D) Since the end of the cold war, aircraft carrier deployments have increased while the aircraft carrier force structure has declined. (E) Due to the increased array of complex threats across the globe, the Navy’s aircraft carriers are operating at maximum capacity, increasing deployment lengths and decreasing maintenance periods in order to meet operational requirements. (F) To meet global peacetime and wartime requirements, the Navy has indicated a requirement to maintain two aircraft carriers deployed overseas and to have three additional aircraft carriers capable of deploying within 90 days. However, the Navy has indicated that the existing aircraft carrier force structure cannot support these military requirements. (G) Despite the requirement to maintain an aircraft carrier strike group in both the United States Central Command and the United States Pacific Command, the Navy has been unable to generate sufficient capacity to support combatant commanders and has developed significant carrier gaps in these critical areas. (H) The continued use of a diminished aircraft carrier force structure has resulted in extensive maintenance availabilities which typically exceed program costs and increase time in shipyards. These expansive maintenance availabilities exacerbate existing carrier gaps. (I) Because of maintenance overhaul extensions, the Navy is truncating basic aircraft carrier training to expedite the deployment of available aircraft carriers. Limiting aircraft carrier training decreases operational capabilities and increases risks to sailors. (J) Despite the objections of the Navy, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics directed the Navy on August 7, 2015, to perform shock trials on the U.S.S. Gerald R. Ford (CVN–78). The Assistant Deputy Chief of Naval Operations for Operations, Plans and Strategy indicated that this action could delay the introduction of the U.S.S. Gerald R. Ford (CVN–78) to the fleet by up to two years, exacerbating existing carrier gaps. 
(K) The Navy has adopted a twophase acquisition strategy for the U.S.S. John F. Kennedy (CVN–79), an action that will delay the introduction of this aircraft carrier by up to two years, exacerbating existing carrier gaps. (L) Developing an alternative design to the Ford class aircraft carrier is not cost beneficial. A smaller design is projected to incur significant design and engineering cost while significantly reducing magazine size, carrier air wing size, sortie rate, and onstation effectiveness among other vital factors as compared to the Ford class. Furthermore, a new design will delay the introduction of future aircraft carriers, exacerbating existing carrier gaps and threatening the national security of the United States. (M) The 2016 Navy Force Structure Assessment states ‘‘A minimum of 12 aircraft carriers are required to meet the increased warfighting response requirements of the Defense Planning Guidance Defeat/Deny force sizing direction.’’ Furthermore, a new National Defense Strategy is being prepared that will assess the defeat/ deny force sizing direction and may increase the force structure associated with aircraft carriers. (2) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (A) the United States should expedite delivery of 12 aircraft carriers; (B) an aircraft carrier should be authorized every three years; (C) shock trials should be conducted on the U.S.S. John F. Kennedy (CVN–79), as initially proposed by the Navy; (D) construction for the U.S.S. John F. Kennedy (CVN–79) should be accomplished in a single phase; and (E) the United States should continue the Ford class design for the aircraft carrier designated CVN–81. (b) INCREASE IN NUMBER OF OPERATIONAL  AIRCRAFT CARRIERS .— (1) INCREASE .—Section 5062(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘11 operational aircraft carriers’’ and inserting ‘‘12 operational aircraft carriers’’. (2) EFFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on September 30, 2023. (c) SHOCK TRIALS FOR CVN–78.—Section 128 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 751) is amended— (1) by striking subsections (a) and (b); and (2) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as subsections (a) and (b), respectively. (d) PROCUREMENT AUTHORITY FOR AIRCRAFT  CARRIER PROGRAMS .— (1) PROCUREMENT AUTHORITY IN SUPPORT OF  
CONSTRUCTION OF FORD CLASS AIRCRAFT CAR RIERS .— (A) AUTHORITY FOR ECONOMIC ORDER QUAN TITY.—The Secretary of the Navy may procure materiel and equipment in support of the construction of the Ford class aircraft carriers designated CVN–81 and CVN–82 in economic order quantities when cost savings are achievable. (B) LIABILITY .—Any contract entered into under subparagraph (A) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the contract is subject to the availability of appropriations for that purpose, and that total liability to the Government for termination of any contract entered into shall be limited to the total amount of funding obligated at time of termination. (2) REFUELING AND COMPLEX OVERHAUL OF  
NIMITZ CLASS AIRCRAFT CARRIERS .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Navy may carry out the nuclear refueling and complex overhaul of each of the following Nimitz class aircraft carriers: (i) U.S.S. John C. Stennis (CVN–74). (ii) U.S.S. Harry S. Truman (CVN–75). (iii) U.S.S. Ronald Reagan (CVN–76). (iv) U.S.S. George H.W. Bush (CVN–77). (B) USE OF INCREMENTAL FUNDING .—With re spect to any contract entered into under subparagraph (A) for the nuclear refueling and complex overhaul of a Nimitz class aircraft carrier, the Secretary may use incremental funding for a period not to exceed six years after advance procurement funds for such nuclear refueling and complex overhaul effort are first obligated. (C) CONDITION FOR OUT YEAR CONTRACT PAY MENTS .—Any contract entered into under subparagraph (A) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2018 is subject to the availability of appropriations for that purpose for that later fiscal year. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—The Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating may enter into a contract or other agreement with the Secretary of the Navy under which the Navy shall act as general agent for the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating for the purpose of entering into a contract on behalf of such Department, beginning with the fiscal year 2018 program year, for the procurement of the following: (1) Not more than three heavy icebreaker vessels. (2) Not more than three medium icebreaker vessels. (b) CONDITION FOR OUTYEAR CONTRACT PAYMENTS .—A contract entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2018 is subject to the availability of appropriations for that purpose for such later fiscal year. (c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) HEAVY ICEBREAKER VESSEL .—The term ‘‘heavy icebreaker vessel’’ means a vessel that is able— (A) to break through nonridged ice that is not less than six feet thick at a speed of three knots; (B) to break through ridged ice that is not less than 21 feet thick; and (C) to operate continuously for 80 days without replenishment. (2) MEDIUM ICEBREAKER VESSEL .—The term ‘‘medium icebreaker vessel’’ means a vessel that is able— (A) to break through nonridged ice that is not less than four and onehalf feet thick at a speed of three knots; and (B) to operate continuously for 80 days without replenishment. 
SEC. 123. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR PROCUREMENT OF ICEBREAKER VESSELS. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Except as provided in subsection (b), none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2018 may be obligated or expended for the procurement of an icebreaker vessel. (b) EXCEPTION .—Notwithstanding the limitation in subsection (a), the Secretary of the Navy may use funds described in such subsection to act as general agent for the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating pursuant to a contract or other agreement entered into under section 122. 
SEC. 124. MULTIYEAR PROCUREMENT AUTHORITY FOR VIRGINIA CLASS SUBMARINE PROGRAM. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR MULTIYEAR PROCURE MENT .—Subject to section 2306b of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of the Navy may enter into one or more multiyear contracts, beginning with the fiscal year 2019 program year, for the procurement of up to 13 Virginia class submarines at a rate of not more than 3 submarines per year during the covered period. (b) BASELINE ESTIMATE .—Before entering into any contract for the procurement of a Virginia class submarine under subsection (a), the Secretary of Navy shall determine a baseline estimate for the submarine in accordance with section 2435 of title 10, United States Code. (c) LIMITATION .—The Secretary of the Navy may not enter into a contract for the procurement of a Virginia class submarine under subsection (a) if the contract would increase the cost of the submarine by more than 10 percent above the baseline estimate for the submarine determined under subsection (b). (d) AUTHORITY FOR ADVANCE PROCURE MENT .—The Secretary may enter into one or more contracts, beginning in fiscal year 2018, for advance procurement— (1) associated with the vessels for which authorization to enter into a multiyear procurement contract is provided under subsection (a); and (2) for other equipment and subsystems associated with the Virginia class submarine program. (e) CONDITION FOR OUTYEAR CONTRACT PAYMENTS .—A contract entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2018 is subject to the availability of appropriations or funds for that purpose for such later fiscal year. (f) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) COVERED PERIOD .—The term ‘‘covered period’’ means the 5year period beginning with the fiscal year 2019 program year and ending with the fiscal year 2023 program year. (2) VIRGINIA CLASS SUBMARINE .—The term ‘‘Virginia class submarine’’ means a block V configured Virginia class submarine. 
SEC. 125. MULTIYEAR PROCUREMENT AUTHORITY FOR ARLEIGH BURKE CLASS DESTROYERS AND ASSOCIATED SYSTEMS. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR MULTIYEAR PROCURE MENT .—Subject to section 2306b of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of the Navy may enter into one or more multiyear contracts, beginning with the fiscal year 2018 program year, for the procurement of— (1) up to 15 Arleigh Burke class Flight III guided missile destroyers at a rate of not more than three such destroyers per year during the covered period; and (2) the Aegis weapon systems, AN/SPY–6(v) air and missile defense radar systems, MK 41 vertical launching systems, and commercial broadband satellite systems associated with such vessels. (b) BASELINE ESTIMATE .—Before entering into any contract for the procurement of an Arleigh Burke class destroyer under subsection (a), the Secretary of Navy shall determine a baseline estimate for the destroyer in accordance with section 2435 of title 10, United States Code. (c) LIMITATION .—The Secretary of the Navy may not enter into a contract for the procurement of a Arleigh Burke class destroyer or any major subprogram under subsection (a) if the contract would increase the cost of the destroyer by more than 10 percent above the baseline estimate for the destroyer determined under subsection (b). (d) AUTHORITY FOR ADVANCE PROCURE MENT .—The Secretary may enter into one or more contracts, beginning in fiscal year 2018, for advance procurement associated with the vessels and systems for which authorization to enter into a multiyear procurement contract is provided under subsection (a). (e) CONDITION FOR OUTYEAR CONTRACT PAYMENTS .—A contract entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2018 is subject to the availability of appropriations or funds for that purpose for such later fiscal year. (f) COVERED PERIOD DEFINED .—The term ‘‘covered period’’ means the 5year period beginning with the fiscal year 2018 program year and ending with the fiscal year 2022 program year. 
SEC. 126. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR ARLEIGH BURKE CLASS DESTROYER. 
(a) L IMITATION .—None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise 
made available for fiscal year 2017 for procurement, that are unobligated as of the date of the enactment of this Act, may be obligated or expended to procure an Arleigh Burke class destroyer (DDG–51) unless not fewer than two covered destroyers include an AN/SPY–6(V) air and missile defense radar system. (b) WAIVER .—The Secretary of the Navy may waive the limitation in subsection (a) if the Secretary determines that the cost or schedule risk associated with the integration of the AN/SPY– 6(V) air and missile defense radar is unacceptable or incongruous with a business case that relies on stable design, technology maturity, and realistic cost and schedule estimates. (c) COVERED DESTROYER DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered destroyer’’ means an Arleigh Burke class destroyer (DDG–51) for which funds were authorized to be appropriated by the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92) or the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328). 
SEC. 127. EXTENSIONS OF AUTHORITIES RELATING TO CONSTRUCTION OF CERTAIN VESSELS. 
(a) E XTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO USEINCREMENTAL FUNDING FOR LHA R EPLACEMENT .—Sec tion 122(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2017 (114–328; 130 Stat. 2030) is amended by striking ‘‘for fiscal years 2017 and 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘for fiscal years 2017, 2018, and 2019’’. (b) EXTENSION OF FORDCLASS AIRCRAFT CARRIER CONSTRUCTION AUTHORITY .—Section 121(a) of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 120 Stat. 2104), as most recently amended by section 121 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1654), is amended by striking ‘‘five fiscal years’’ and inserting ‘‘seven fiscal years’’. 
SEC. 128. MULTIYEAR PROCUREMENT AUTHORITY FOR V–22 OSPREY AIRCRAFT. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR MULTIYEAR PROCURE MENT .—Subject to section 2306b of title 10, United States Code (except as provided in subsection (b)), the Secretary of the Navy may enter into one or more multiyear contracts, beginning with the 2018 program year, for the procurement of the following: (1) V–22 Osprey aircraft. (2) Common configurationreadiness and modernization upgrades for V–22 Osprey aircraft. (b) CONTRACT PERIOD .—Notwithstanding section 2306b(k) of title 10, United States Code, the period covered by a contract entered into on a multiyear basis under the authority of subsection (a) may exceed five years, but may not exceed seven years. (c) CONDITION FOR OUTYEAR CONTRACT PAYMENTS .—A contract entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2018 is subject to the availability of appropriations or funds for that purpose for such later fiscal year. Subtitle D—Air Force Programs 
SEC. 131. STREAMLINING ACQUISITION OF INTERCONTINENTAL BALLISTIC MISSILE SECURITY CAPABILITY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (1) On September 25, 2014, then Secretary of the Air Force, Deborah Lee James, submitted a report to Congress on the replacement strategy of the Air Force for the UH–1N helicopter, which included the following information: (A) On the age of the airframe: ‘‘The UH–1N is a versatile utility helicopter that was accepted into service from 19681969.’’. (B) On the ability to meet requirements: ‘‘The entire fleet supports five general homeland security missions. . .The ability of the UH–1N to accomplish these missions was evaluated in 2006, and the aircraft was found to be ‘not effective.’ The shortcomings of the UH–1N were derived from specific mission requirements for carrying capacity, airspeed, unrefueled endurance, mission range, force protection for the floor, specific protection for all aircrew and passengers, survivability, and materiel availability.’’. (C) Regarding previous efforts to acquire a replacement aircraft, the report identified efforts that date back to 2006, including— (i) an initial analysis of alternatives by Air Force Space Command in 2006; (ii) the common vertical lift support platform program, which was cancelled in 2013; (iii) two RAND corporation studies funded in 2013; and (iv) the thencurrent proposal of the Air Force to procure modified Army UH–60 helicopters. (2) On February 24, 2016, at a hearing before the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives, in response to concerns related to lift, capacity, and hover time of the UH–1N, then Commander of the United States Strategic Command, Admiral Cecil Haney stated: ‘‘Congressman, absolutely, in terms of thinking very crisply associated with what we need to do to improve security of our missile fields. . . the attributes you listed are the attributes that concern me in terms of the capability, not just now, but into the future.’’. (3) On March 2, 2016, at a hearing before the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives, the Commander of Air Force Global Strike Command, General Robin Rand stated: ‘‘We will not meet the emergency security response with the present helicopter.’’. (4) On April 4, 2017, at a hearing before the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate, the Commander of the United States Strategic Command, General John E. Hyten stated: ‘‘Of all the things in my portfolio, I can’t even describe how upset I get about the helicopter replacement program. It’s a helicopter, for gosh sakes. We ought to be able to go out and buy a helicopter and put it in the hands of the people that need it. And we should be able to do that quickly. We’ve been building combat helicopters for a long time in this country. I don’t understand why the heck it is so hard to buy a helicopter.’’. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that, based on the findings under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense should have the authority to expedite the procurement of a replacement aircraft for the UH–1N helicopter. (c) WAIVER AND CONTRACT AUTHORITY .—Sub ject to subsection (d), in procuring a replacement aircraft for the UH–1N helicopter, the Secretary of Defense may— (1) waive any provision of law requiring the use of competitive procedures for the procurement; and (2) enter into a contract for the procurement on a solesource basis. (d) NOTICE AND CERTIFICATION .—Not later than 15 days before exercising the authority under subsection (c), the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees, in writing— (1) notice of the intent of the Secretary to exercise such authority; and (2) a certification that— (A) the Secretary has reviewed— (i) the threshold requirements for the UH–1N replacement aircraft program; and (ii) any delays that may have occurred while the Air Force pursued strategies for the procurement of such aircraft on an other than sole source basis; and (B) after conducting such review, the Secretary has determined that entering into a contract on a solesource basis under subsection (c)— (i) is in the national security interests of the United States; and (ii) is necessary to ensure that a UH–1N replacement aircraft enters service by not later than September 30, 2020. SEC. 132. LIMITATION ON SELECTION OF SINGLE CONTRACTOR FOR C–130H AVIONICS MODERNIZATION PROGRAM INCREMENT 2. 
(a) L IMITATION .—The Secretary of the Air Force may not select only a single prime contractor to carry out increment 2 of the C–130H avionics modernization program until the Secretary submits to the congressional defense committees a written certification that, in selecting such a single prime contractor— (1) the Secretary will ensure, to the extent practicable, that commercially available offthe shelf items are used under the program, including technology solutions and nondevelopmental items; and (2) excessively restrictive military specification standards will not be used to restrict or eliminate full and open competition in the selection process. (b) DEFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘‘commercially available offtheshelf item’’, ‘‘full and open competition’’, and ‘‘nondevelopmental item’’ have the meanings given the terms in chapter 1 of title 41, United States Code. 
SEC. 133. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR EC–130H COMPASS CALL RECAPITALIZATION PROGRAM. 
(a) L IMITATION .—None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for any fiscal year for the EC– 130H Compass Call recapitalization program of the Air Force may be obligated or expended until a period of 30 days has elapsed following the date on which the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics submits to the congressional defense committees the certification described in subsection (b). (b) CERTIFICATION .—The certification described in this subsection is a written statement certifying that— (1) an independent review of the acquisition process for the EC–130H Compass Call recapitalization program of the Air Force has been conducted; and (2) as a result of such review, it has been determined that the acquisition process for such program complies with all applicable laws, guidelines, and best practices. 
SEC. 134. COSTBENEFIT ANALYSIS OF UPGRADES TO MQ–9 REAPER AIRCRAFT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of the Air Force, shall conduct an analysis that compares the costs and benefits of the following: (1) Upgrading fielded MQ–9 Reaper aircraft to a Block 5 configuration. (2) Proceeding with the procurement of MQ– 9B aircraft instead of upgrading fielded MQ–9 Reaper aircraft to a Block 5 configuration. (b) REPORT REQUIRED .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes the results of the costbenefit analysis conducted under subsection (a). (2) FORM OF REPORT .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. Subtitle E—Defensewide, Joint, and Multiservice Matters 
SEC. 141. AUTHORITY FOR PROCUREMENT OF ECONOMIC ORDER QUANTITIES FOR THE F–35 AIRCRAFT PROGRAM. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR PROCUREMENT OF ECONOMIC ORDER QUANTITIES .—Subject to subsection (c), the Secretary of Defense may enter into one or more contracts, beginning with the fiscal year 2018 program year, for the procurement of economic order quantities of the material and equipment described in subsection (b). (b) MATERIAL AND EQUIPMENT DESCRIBED .— The material and equipment described in this subsection is material and equipment— (1) that has completed formal hardware qualification testing for the F–35 aircraft program; and 
(2) is to be used in procurement contracts to be awarded under the F–35 aircraft program in fiscal years 2019 and 2020. (c) LIMITATIONS .— (1) MAXIMUM AMOUNT .—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2018 or any fiscal year thereafter for the F–35 aircraft program, not more than $661,000,000 may be obligated or expended to enter into contracts under subsection (a). (2) CERTIFICATION .—The Secretary of Defense may not enter into a contract under subsection (a) until a period of 15 days has elapsed following the date on which the Secretary submits to the congressional defense committees a written certification that the contract to be entered into under such subsection meets the following conditions: (A) The contract will result in significant cost savings as compared to the total anticipated costs of procuring the property through contracts that are not for economic order quantities. (B) The estimates of the cost of the contract and the anticipated cost savings resulting from the contract are realistic. (C) The minimum need for the property that is to be procured under the contract is expected to remain substantially unchanged during the contract period. (D) There is a reasonable expectation that, throughout the contract period, the head of the relevant military department or defense agency will request funding for the contract at the level required to avoid contract cancellation. (E) The design of the property that is to be procured under the contract is expected to remain substantially unchanged and the technical risks associated with such design are not excessive. (F) Entering into the contract will promote the national security interests of the United States. (G) The contract satisfies the conditions described in subparagraphs (C) through (F) of section 2306b(i)(3) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 142. LIMITATION ON DEMILITARIZATION OF CERTAIN CLUSTER MUNITIONS. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Except as provided in subsection (c), the Secretary of Defense may not demilitarize any cluster munitions until the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits to the congressional defense committees the certification described in subsection (b). (b) CERTIFICATION .—The certification described in this subsection is a written certification that the Department of Defense has an inventory of covered munitions that meets not less than 75 percent of the operational requirements of the Department with respect to cluster munitions across the full range of military operational environments. (c) EXCEPTION FOR SAFETY .—The limitation under subsection (a) shall not apply to the demilitarization of cluster munitions that the Secretary determines— (1) are unserviceable as a result of an inspection, test, field incident, or other significant failure to meet performance or logistics requirements; or (2) are unsafe or could pose a safety risk if not demilitarized or destroyed. (d) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) CLUSTER MUNITION .—The term ‘‘cluster munition’’ means a munition that is composed of a nonreusable canister or delivery body that contains multiple, conventional submunitions, without regard to the mode by which the munition is delivered. The term does not include— (A) nuclear, chemical, or biological weapons; (B) obscurants; (C) pyrotechnics; (D) nonlethal systems; (E) nonexplosive kinetic effect submunitions; (F) electronic effects; or (G) landmines. (2) COVERED MUNITIONS .—The term ‘‘covered munitions’’ means cluster munitions containing submunitions that, after arming, do not result in more than 1 percent unexploded ordnance (as that term is defined in section 101(e)(5) of title 10, United States Code) across the range of intended operational environments. (3) DEMILITARIZE .—The term ‘‘demilitarize’’, when used with respect to a cluster munition or components of a cluster munition— (A) means to destroy the military offensive or defensive advantages inherent in the munition or its components; and (B) includes any mutilation, scrapping, melting, burning, or alteration that prevents the use of the munition or its components for the military purposes for which the munition or its components was designed or for a lethal purpose. 
SEC. 143. REINSTATEMENT OF REQUIREMENT TO PRESERVE CERTAIN C–5 AIRCRAFT. 
Section 141 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1659), as amended by section 132 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328), is amended by inserting after subsection (c) the following: ‘‘(d) PRESERVATION OF CERTAIN RETIRED C–5 AIRCRAFT .—The Secretary of the Air Force shall preserve each C–5 aircraft that is retired by the Secretary during a period in which the total inventory of strategic airlift aircraft of the Secretary is less than 301, such that the retired aircraft— ‘‘(1) is stored in flyable condition; ‘‘(2) can be returned to service; and ‘‘(3) is not used to supply parts to other aircraft unless specifically authorized by the Secretary of Defense upon a request by the Secretary of the Air Force.’’. 
SEC. 144. REQUIREMENT THAT CERTAIN AIRCRAFT AND UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES USE SPECIFIED STANDARD DATA LINK. 
Section 157 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1667) is amended— (1) by amending subsection (b) to read as follows: ‘‘(b) SOLICITATIONS .—The Secretary of Defense shall— ‘‘(1) ensure that any solicitation issued for a Common Data Link described in subsection (a), regardless of whether the solicitation is issued by a military department or a contractor with respect to a subcontract— ‘‘(A) conforms to a Department of Defense specification standard, including interfaces and waveforms, existing as of the date of the solicitation; and ‘‘(B) does not include any proprietary or undocumented waveforms or control interfaces or data interfaces as a requirement or criterion for evaluation; and ‘‘(2) notify the congressional defense committees not later than 15 days after issuing a solicitation for a Common Data Link to be sunset (CDLTBS) waveform.’’; and (2) in subsection (c), in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics’’ and inserting ‘‘Deputy Secretary of Defense’’; (B) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Deputy Secretary of Defense’’ ; and (C) by inserting ‘‘before October 1, 2023’’ after ‘‘committees’’. TITLE II—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION Subtitle A—Authorization Of Appropriations 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2018 for the use of the Department of Defense for research, development, test, and evaluation, as specified in the funding table in section 4201. Subtitle B—Program Requirements, Restrictions, And Limitations SEC. 211. COST CONTROLS FOR PRESIDENTIAL AIRCRAFT RECAPITALIZATION PROGRAM. 
(a) F IXED CAPABILITY REQUIREMENTS .—Ex cept as provided in subsection (b), the capability requirements for aircraft procured under the presidential aircraft recapitalization program of the Air Force (referred to in this section as the ‘‘PAR Program’’) shall be the capability requirements identified in version 7.0 of the system requirement document for the PAR Program dated December 14, 2016. (b) ADJUSTMENTS .—The Secretary of the Air Force may adjust the capability requirements described in subsection (a) only if the Secretary submits to the congressional defense committees a written determination that such adjustment is necessary— (1) to resolve an ambiguity relating to the capability requirement; (2) to address a problem with the administration of the capability requirement; (3) to lower the development cost or lifecycle cost of the PAR program; (4) to comply with a change in international, Federal, State, or local law or regulation that takes effect after September 30, 2017; (5) to address a safety issue; or (6) subject to subsection (c), to address an emerging threat or vulnerability. (c) LIMITATION ON ADJUSTMENT FOR EMERGING  THREAT OR VULNERABILITY .—The Secretary of the Air Force may use the authority under paragraph (6) of subsection (b) to adjust the requirements described in subsection (a) only if the Secretary and the Chief of Staff of the Air Force, on a nondelegable basis— (1) jointly determine that such adjustment is necessary and in the interests of the national security of the United States; and (2) submit to the congressional defense committees notice of such joint determination. (d) FORM OF CONTRACTS .— (1) REQUIREMENT FOR FIXED PRICE TYPE CON TRACTS .—Of the total amount of funds obligated or expended for contracts for engineering and manufacturing development under the PAR program, not less than 50 percent shall be for fixed price type contracts. (2) OTHER CONTRACT TYPES .—Except as provided in paragraph (1), a contract other than a fixedprice type contract may be entered into under the PAR Program only if the service acquisition executive of the Air Force, on a nondelegable basis, approves the contract. (e) QUARTERLY BRIEFINGS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Beginning not later than October 1, 2017, and on a quarterly basis thereafter through October 1, 2022, the Secretary of the Air Force shall provide to the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a briefing on the efforts of the Secretary to control costs under the PAR Program. (2) ELEMENTS .—Each briefing under paragraph (1) shall include, with respect to the PAR Program, the following: (A) An overview of the program schedule. (B) A description of each contract awarded under the program, including a description of the type of contract and the status of the contract. (C) An assessment of the status of the program with respect to— (i) modification; (ii) testing; (iii) delivery; and (iv) sustainment. (f) SERVICE ACQUISITION EXECUTIVE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘service acquisition executive’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(a)(10) of title 10, United States Code. 
Section 2208(k)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$250,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$500,000’’. 
SEC. 213. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO AWARD PRIZES FOR ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ACHIEVEMENTS. 
Section 2374a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘to award cash prizes’’ and inserting ‘‘to award prizes, which may be cash prizes or nonmonetary prizes,’’; (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘cash prizes’’ and inserting ‘‘prizes’’; (3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘cash prize of’’ and inserting ‘‘prize valued at’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) No prize competition may result in the award of a nonmonetary prize valued at more than $10,000 without the approval of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics.’’; (4) in subsection (e)— (A) by inserting ‘‘or nonmonetary items’’ after ‘‘accept funds’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘and from State and local governments,’’ and inserting ‘‘from State and local governments, and from other nongovernmental sources,’’; and (5) by striking subsection (f). 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of sections 2366b and 2448b(a)(2) of title 10, United States Code, the components identified in subsection (b) are deemed to be critical technologies for the Columbia class ballistic missile submarine construction program. (b) CRITICAL TECHNOLOGIES .—The components identified in this subsection are— (1) the coordinated stern for the Columbia class ballistic missile submarine; (2) the electric drive system for the submarine; and (3) the nuclear reactor for the submarine. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION .—The joint technology office on hypersonics in the Office of the Secretary of Defense is redesignated as the ‘‘Joint Hypersonics Transition Office’’. Any reference in a law (other than this section), map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the joint technology office on hypersonics shall be deemed to be a reference to the Joint Hypersonics Transition Office. (b) HYPERSONICS DEVELOPMENT .—Section 218 of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note), as amended by section 1079(f) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114– 192; 129 Stat. 999), is amended— (1) in the heading of subsection (a), by striking ‘‘JOINT TECHNOLOGY OFFICE ON  HYPERSONICS ’’ and inserting ‘‘J OINT HYPERSONICS TRANSITION OFFICE ’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘joint technology office on hypersonics’’ and inserting ‘‘Joint Hypersonics Transition Office (in this section referred to as the ‘Office’)’’; and (B) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘office’’ and inserting ‘‘Office’’; (3) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘joint technology office established under subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘Office’’; and (4) by amending subsection (c) to read as follows: ‘‘(c) RESPONSIBILITIES .—In carrying out the program required by subsection (b), the Office shall do the following: ‘‘(1) Coordinate and integrate current and future research, development, test, and evaluation programs and system demonstration programs of the Department of Defense on hypersonics. ‘‘(2) Undertake appropriate actions to ensure— ‘‘(A) close and continuous integration of the programs on hypersonics of the military departments and the Defense Agencies with the programs on hypersonics across the Federal Government; and ‘‘(B) that both foundational research and developmental testing resources are adequate and well funded, and that facilities are made available in a timely manner to support hypersonics research, demonstration programs, and system development. ‘‘(3) Approve demonstration programs on hypersonic systems to speed the maturation and deployment of the systems to the warfighter,. ‘‘(4) Ensure that any demonstration program on hypersonic systems that is carried out in any year after its approval under paragraph (3) is carried out only if certified under subsection (e) as being consistent with the roadmap under subsection (d). ‘‘(5) Develop a welldefined path for hypersonic technologies to transition to operational capabilities for the warfighter.’’; (5) in subsection (d)(1), by striking ‘‘joint technology office established under subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘Office’’; and (6) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘joint technology office established under subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘Office’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘joint technology office’’ and inserting ‘‘Office’’. SEC. 216. HYPERSONIC AIRBREATHING WEAPONS CAPABILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may transfer oversight and management of the Hypersonic Airbreathing Weapons Concept from the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency to a responsible entity of the Air Force. The Secretary of the Air Force, acting through the head of the Air Force Research Laboratory, shall continue— (1) to develop a reusable hypersonics test bed to further probe the high speed flight corridor and to facilitate the testing and development of hypersonic airbreathing weapon systems; (2) to explore emerging concepts and technologies for reusable hypersonics weapons systems beyond current hypersonics programs, focused on experimental flight test capabilities; and (3) to develop defensive technologies and countermeasures against potential and identified hypersonic threats. (b) HYPERSONIC AIRBREATHING WEAPON SYSTEM DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘hypersonic airbreathing weapon system’’ means a missile or platform with military utility that operates at speeds near or beyond approximately five times the speed of sound, and that is propelled through the atmosphere with an engine that burns fuel with oxygen from the atmosphere that is collected in an inlet. 
SEC. 217. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR MQ–25 UNMANNED AIR SYSTEM. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2018 for research, development, test, and evaluation, Navy, for the MQ– 25 unmanned air system, not more than 75 percent may be obligated or expended until a period of 60 days has elapsed following the date on which the certification and report under subsection (b) have been submitted to the congressional defense committees. (b) CERTIFICATION AND REPORT .— (1) CERTIFICATION .—The Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a written certification that— (A) the MQ–25 unmanned air system is required to fill a validated capability gap of the Department of the Navy; (B) the Chief of Naval Operations has reviewed and approved the initial capability document and the capability development document relating to such system; and (C) the initial capability document and the capability development document have been provided to the congressional defense committees. (2) REPORT .—The Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Research, Development, and Acquisition shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes— (A) an identification of threshold and objective key performance parameters for the MQ–25 unmanned air system; (B) a certification that the threshold and objective key performance parameters for such system have been established and are achievable; and (C) a description of the requirements of such system with respect to— (i) fuel transfer; (ii) equipment for intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance; (iii) equipment for electronic attack and electronic protection; (iv) communications equipment; (v) weapons payload; (vi) range; (vii) mission endurance for unrefueled and aerial refueled operations; (viii) affordability; (ix) survivability; and (x) interoperability with other Navy and joint service unmanned aerial systems and mission control stations. 
SEC. 218. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR CONTRACT WRITING SYSTEMS. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Of the funds specified in subsection (c), not more than 75 percent may be obligated or expended until the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits to the congressional defense committees the assessment required under subsection (b). (b) ASSESSMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretaries of the military departments, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a written assessment of the requirements for each contract writing information technology system of the Department of Defense and the military departments. Such assessment shall include the following: (1) Analysis of the requirements for each such contract writing system, including identification of common requirements and any requirements unique to each military department. (2) Identification of legacy systems that provide data to, or receive data from, such contract writing systems. (3) Projected timelines showing when each contract writing system is expected to become fully operationally capable and when each legacy system is expected to terminate, based on budget projections included in the most recent futureyears defense program submitted to Congress under section 221 of title 10, United States Code. (4) Assessment of how a shared services model might be applied to replace specific contract writing systems, including analysis of the business process reengineering necessary to move to a shared services model and how shared services can be integrated into the business enterprise architecture of the Department. (5) Identification of available shared services for contract writing systems, such as those offered by the General Services Administration or by other sources, that might provide viable alternatives to current contract writing systems. (6) Identification of any gaps in the capabilities of available shared services for contract writing systems, and recommendations for addressing such gaps. (7) Identification of any policy, legal, or statutory constraints that would have to be addressed in order to move to a share services model for contract writing systems. (c) FUNDS SPECIFIED .—The funds specified in this subsection are the following— (1) Funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2018 for research, development, test, and evaluation for each system described in subsection (d). 
(2) Funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2018 for procurement for each system described in subsection (d). (d) SYSTEMS DESCRIBED .—The systems described in this subsection are the following: (1) The Contract Writing System of the Army. (2) The Electronic Procurement System of the Navy. (3) The Automated Contract Preparation System of the Air Force. (4) The Contract Writing and Administration System of the Defense Contract Management Agency. (5) The Standard Procurement System of the Defense Logistics Agency. TITLE III—OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
Funds are here by authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2018 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for operation and maintenance, as specified in the funding table in section 4301. Subtitle B—Energy and Environment 
SEC. 311. CODIFICATION OF AND IMPROVEMENTS TO DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CLEARINGHOUSE TO COORDINATE DEPARTMENT REVIEW OF APPLICATIONS FOR CERTAIN PROJECTS THAT MAY HAVE ADVERSE IMPACT ON MILITARY OPERATIONS AND READINESS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF MILITARY AVIATION , RANGE, ANDINSTALLATION ASSURANCE PROGRAM  OFFICE .— (1) CODIFICATION AND IMPROVEMENT OF EXIST ING LAW .—Chapter 7 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 183 the following new section: ‘‘§ 183a. Military Aviation, Range, and Installation Assurance Program Office for review of mission obstructions ‘‘(a) ESTABLISHMENT .—(1) The Secretary of Defense shall establish a Military Aviation, Range, and Installation Assurance Program Office. ‘‘(2) The Military Aviation, Range, and Installation Assurance Program Office shall be— ‘‘(A) organized under the authority, direction, and control of an Assistant Secretary of Defense designated by the Secretary; and ‘‘(B) assigned such personnel and resources as the Secretary considers appropriate to carry out this section. ‘‘(b) FUNCTIONS .—(1)(A) The Military Aviation, Range, and Installation Assurance Program Office shall serve as a clearinghouse to coordinate Department of Defense review of applications for energy projects filed with the Secretary of Transportation pursuant to section 44718 of title 49 and received by the Department of Defense from the Secretary of Transportation. ‘‘(B) To facilitate the review of an application for an energy project submitted pursuant to such section, the Military Aviation, Range, and Installation Assurance Program Office shall accelerate the development, in coordination with other departments and agencies of the Federal Government, of— ‘‘(i) an integrated review process to ensure timely notification and consideration of any application that may have an adverse impact on military operations and readiness; and ‘‘(ii) planning tools necessary to determine the acceptability to the Department of Defense of the energy project proposal included in the application. ‘‘(2) The Military Aviation, Range, and Installation Assurance Program Office shall establish procedures for the Department of Defense for the coordinated consideration of and response to a request for a review received from another Federal agency, a State government, an Indian tribal government, a local government, a landowner, or the developer of an energy project, including guidance to personnel at each military installation in the United States on how to initiate such procedures and ensure a coordinated Department response. ‘‘(3) The Military Aviation, Range, and Installation Assurance Program Office shall consult with affected military installations for the review and consideration of proposed energy projects. ‘‘(4) The Military Aviation, Range, and Installation Assurance Program Office shall develop procedures for conducting early outreach to parties carrying out energy projects that could have an adverse impact on military operations and readiness and to clearly communicate to such parties actions being taken by the Department under this section. ‘‘(5) The Military Aviation, Range, and Installation Assurance Program Office shall perform such other functions as the Secretary of Defense assigns. ‘‘(c) REVIEW OF PROPOSED ACTIONS .—(1) Not later than 30 days after receiving from the Secretary of Transportation a proper application for an energy project under section 44718 of title 49 that may have an adverse impact on military operations and readiness, the Military Aviation, Range, and Installation Assurance Program Office shall conduct a preliminary review of such application. Such review shall— ‘‘(A) assess the likely scope, duration, and level of risk of any adverse impact of such energy project on military operations and readiness; and ‘‘(B) identify any feasible and affordable actions that could be taken by the Department, the developer of such energy project, or others to mitigate such adverse impact and to minimize risks to national security while allowing such energy project to proceed with development. ‘‘(2) If the Military Aviation, Range, and Installation Assurance Program Office determines under paragraph (1) that an energy project will have an adverse impact on military operations and readiness, the Military Aviation, Range, and Installation Assurance Program Office, with the approval of the Secretary of Defense, shall issue to the applicant a notice of presumed risk that describes the concerns identified by the Department in the preliminary review and requests a discussion of possible mitigation actions. ‘‘(d) COMPREHENSIVE REVIEW .—(1) The Secretary of Defense shall develop a comprehensive strategy for addressing the military impacts of projects filed with the Secretary of Transportation pursuant to section 44718 of title 49. ‘‘(2) In developing the strategy required by paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense shall— ‘‘(A) assess the magnitude of interference posed by projects filed with the Secretary of Transportation pursuant to section 44718 of title 49; ‘‘(B) identify geographic areas in which projects filed, or which may be filed in the future, with the Secretary of Transportation pursuant to section 44718 of title 49, could have an adverse impact on military operations and readiness, including military training routes, and categorize the risk of adverse impact in each geographic area for the purpose of informing preliminary reviews under subsection (c)(1), early outreach efforts under subsection (b)(4), and online dissemination efforts under paragraph (3); ‘‘(C) develop procedures to periodically review and modify geographic areas identified under subparagraph (B) and to solicit and identify additional geographic areas as appropriate; and ‘‘(D) specifically identify feasible and affordable longterm actions that may be taken to mitigate adverse impacts of projects filed, or which may be filed in the future, with the Secretary of Transportation pursuant to section 44718 of title 49, on military operations and readiness, including— ‘‘(i) investment priorities of the Department of Defense with respect to research and development; ‘‘(ii) modifications to military operations to accommodate applications for such projects; ‘‘(iii) recommended upgrades or modifications to existing systems or procedures by the Department of Defense; ‘‘(iv) acquisition of new systems by the Department and other departments and agencies of the Federal Government and timelines for fielding such new systems; and ‘‘(v) modifications to the projects for which such applications are filed, including changes in size, location, or technology. ‘‘(3) The Military Aviation, Range, and Installation Assurance Program Office shall make available online access to data reflecting geographic areas identified under subparagraph (B) of paragraph (2) and reviewed and modified under subparagraph (C) of such paragraph. ‘‘(e) DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE DETERMINA TION OF UNACCEPTABLE RISK.—(1) The Secretary of Defense may not object to an energy project filed with the Secretary of Transportation pursuant to section 44718 of title 49 unless the Secretary of Defense determines, after giving full consideration to mitigation actions identified pursuant to this section, that the project would result in an unacceptable risk to the national security of the United States. Such a determination shall constitute a finding pursuant to section 44718(f) of title 49. ‘‘(2) Not later than 30 days after making a determination under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on such determination and the basis for such determination. Such report shall include an explanation of the basis of the determination, a discussion of the mitigation options considered, and an explanation of why, in the case of a determination of unacceptable risk, the mitigation options were not feasible or did not resolve the conflict. The Secretary of Defense may provide public notice through the Federal Register of the determination. ‘‘(3) The Secretary of Defense may only delegate the responsibility for making a determination under paragraph (1) to the Deputy Secretary of Defense, an Under Secretary of Defense, or a Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense. ‘‘(f) AUTHORITY TO ACCEPT CONTRIBUTIONS OF  FUNDS.—The Secretary of Defense is authorized to request and accept a voluntary contribution of funds from an applicant for a project filed with the Secretary of Transportation pursuant to section 44718 of title 49. Amounts so accepted shall remain available until expended for the purpose of offsetting the cost of measures undertaken by the Secretary of Defense to mitigate adverse impacts of such a project on military operations and readiness or to conduct studies of potential measures to mitigate such impacts. ‘‘(g) EFFECT OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  HAZARD ASSESSMENT .—An action taken pursuant to this section shall not be considered to be a substitute for any assessment or determination required of the Secretary of Transportation under section 44718 of title 49. ‘‘(h) SAVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to affect or limit the application of, or any obligation to comply with, any environmental law, including the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). ‘‘(i) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘adverse impact on military operations and readiness’ means any adverse impact upon military operations and readiness, including flight operations, research, development, testing, and evaluation, and training, that is demonstrable and is likely to impair or degrade the ability of the armed forces to perform their warfighting missions. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘energy project’ means a project that provides for the generation or transmission of electrical energy. ‘‘(3) The term ‘landowner’ means a person that owns a fee interest in real property on which a proposed energy project is planned to be located. ‘‘(4) The term ‘military installation’ has the meaning given that term in section 2801(c)(4) of this title. ‘‘(5) The term ‘military readiness’ includes any training or operation that could be related to combat readiness, including testing and evaluation activities. ‘‘(6) The term ‘military training route’ means a training route developed as part of the Military Training Route Program, carried out jointly by the Federal Aviation Administration and the Secretary of Defense, for use by the armed forces for the purpose of conducting lowaltitude, highspeed military training. ‘‘(7) The term ‘unacceptable risk to the national security of the United States’ means the construction, alteration, establishment, or expansion, or the proposed construction, alteration, establishment, or expansion, of a structure or sanitary landfill that would— ‘‘(A) endanger safety in air commerce, related to the activities of the Department of Defense; ‘‘(B) interfere with the efficient use and preservation of the navigable airspace and of airport traffic capacity at publicuse airports, related to the activities of the Department of Defense; or ‘‘(C) impair or degrade the capability of the Department of Defense to conduct training, research, development, testing, evaluation, and operations or to maintain military readiness.’’. (2) CONFORMING AND CLERICAL AMEND MENTS .— (A) REPEAL OF EXISTING PROVISION .—Section 358 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 49 U.S.C. 44718 note) is repealed. (B) REFERENCE TO DEFINITIONS .—Section 44718(g) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘211.3 of title 32, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on January 6, 2014’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘183a(i) of title 10’’. (C) TABLE OF SECTIONS AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 7 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 183 the following new item: ‘‘183a. Military Aviation, Range, and Installation Assurance Program Office for review of mission obstructions.’’. (3) DEADLINE FOR INITIAL IDENTIFICATION OF  
GEOGRAPHIC AREAS .—The initial identification of geographic areas under subsection (d)(2)(B) of section 183a of title 10, United States Code, as added by paragraph (1), shall be completed not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (4) APPLICABILITY OF EXISTING RULES AND  
REGULATIONS .—Notwithstanding the amendments made by paragraphs (1) and (2), any rule or regulation promulgated to carry out section 358 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 49 U.S.C. 44718 note) that is in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act shall continue in effect and apply to the extent such rule or regulation is consistent with the authority under section 183a of title 10, United States Code, as added by paragraph (1), until such rule or regulation is otherwise amended or repealed. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT REGARDING  CRITICAL MILITARY USEAIRSPACE AREAS.—Sec tion 44718 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a)(2)(B), is further amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (g) as subsection (h); and (2) by inserting after subsection (f) the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) SPECIAL RULE FOR IDENTIFIED GEOGRAPHIC AREAS.—In the case of a proposed structure to be located within a geographic area identified under subsection (d)(2)(B) of section 183a of title 10, the Secretary of Transportation may not issue a determination until the Secretary of Defense issues a determination under subsection (e) of such section as to whether or not the proposed structure represents an unacceptable risk to the national security of the United States (as defined in subsection (i)(7) of such section).’’. 
Section 2911(c) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, the future demand for energy, and the requirements for the use of energy’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘reduce the future demand and the requirements for the use of energy’’ and inserting ‘‘enhance energy resilience to ensure the Department of Defense has the ability to prepare for and recover from energy disruptions that affect mission assurance on military installations’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(13) Opportunities to leverage financing provided by a nonDepartment entity to address installation energy needs.’’. 
SEC. 313. PAYMENT TO ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY OF STIPULATED PENALTY IN CONNECTION WITH UMATILLA CHEMICAL DEPOT, OREGON. 
(a) A UTHORITY TO TRANSFER FUNDS.— (1) TRANSFER AMOUNT .—The Secretary of the Army may transfer an amount of not more than $125,000 to the Hazardous Substance Superfund established under subchapter A of chapter 98 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. Any such transfer shall be made without regard to section 2215 of title 10, United States Code. (2) SOURCE OF FUNDS .—Any transfer under subsection (a) shall be made using funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2018 for Base Realignment and Closure, Army. (b) PURPOSE OF TRANSFER .—A transfer under subsection (a) shall be for the purpose of satisfying a stipulated penalty assessed by the Environmental Protection Agency in the settlement agreement approved by the Army on July 14, 2016, against the Umatilla Chemical Depot, Oregon under the Federal Facility Agreement between the Army and the Environmental Protection Agency dated September 19, 1989. (c) ACCEPTANCE OF PAYMENT .—If the Secretary of the Army makes a transfer under subsection (a), the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall accept the amount transferred as payment in full of the penalty referred to in subsection (b). 
SEC. 314. PAYMENT TO ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY OF STIPULATED PENALTY IN CONNECTION WITH LONGHORN ARMY AMMUNITION PLANT, TEXAS. 
(a) A UTHORITY TO TRANSFER FUNDS.— (1) TRANSFER AMOUNT .—The Secretary of the Army may transfer an amount of not more than $1,185,000 to the Hazardous Substance Superfund established under subchapter A of chapter 98 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. Any such transfer shall be made without regard to section 2215 of title 10, United States Code. (2) SOURCE OF FUNDS .—Any transfer under subsection (a) shall be made using funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2018 for Environmental Restoration, Army. (b) PURPOSE OF TRANSFER .—A transfer under subsection (a) shall be for the purpose of satisfying a stipulated penalty assessed by the Environmental Protection Agency on April 5, 2013, against Longhorn Army Ammunition Plant, Texas, under the Federal Facility Agreement for Longhorn Army Ammunition Plant, which was entered into between the Army and the Environmental Protection Agency in 1991. (c) ACCEPTANCE OF PAYMENT .—If the Secretary of the Army makes a transfer under subsection (a), the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall accept the amount transferred as payment in full of the penalty referred to in subsection (b). 
SEC. 315. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CLEANUP AND REMOVAL OF PETROLEUM, OIL, AND LUBRICANT ASSOCIATED WITH THE PRINZ EUGEN. 
Amounts authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense may by used for all necessary expenses for the removal and cleanup of petroleum, oil, and lubricants associated with the heavy cruiser Prinz Eugen, which was transferred from the United States to the Republic of the Marshall Islands in 1986. Subtitle C—Logistics and Sustainment 
Section 338 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004 (Public Law 108–136; 10 U.S.C. 5013 note), as most recently amended by section 321 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1694) is amended— (1) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (2) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2024’’. 
SEC. 322. GUIDANCE REGARDING USE OF ORGANIC INDUSTRIAL BASE. 
The Secretary of the Army shall maintain the arsenals with sufficient workloads to ensure affordability and technical competence in all critical capability areas by establishing, not later than 90 days after the enactment of this Act, clear, stepbystep, prescriptive guidance on the process for conducting makeorbuy analyses, including the use of the organic industrial base. Subtitle D—Reports 
SEC. 331. QUARTERLY REPORTS ON PERSONNEL AND UNIT READINESS. 
(a) M ODIFICATION AND IMPROVEMENT .—Sec tion 482 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘Each report’’ and inserting ‘‘The reports for the first and third quarters of a calendar year’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘The reports for the second and fourth quarters of a calendar year shall contain the information required by subsection (j).’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘
ANDREMEDIAL ACTIONS ’’; (B) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Each report’’ and inserting ‘‘A report for the second or fourth quarter of a calendar year’’; (C) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (D) by striking paragraph (2); and (E) by redesignating paragraph (3) as paragraph (2); (3) in subsection (d)(1), by striking ‘‘Each report’’ and inserting ‘‘A report for the second or fourth quarter of a calendar year’’; (4) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘Each report’’ and inserting ‘‘A report for the second or fourth quarter of a calendar year’’; (5) in subsection (f)(1), by striking ‘‘Each report’’ and inserting ‘‘A report for the second or fourth quarter of a calendar year’’; (6) in subsection (g)(1), by striking ‘‘Each report’’ and inserting ‘‘A report for the second or fourth quarter of a calendar year’’; and (7) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(j) REMEDIAL ACTIONS .—A report for the first or third quarter of a calendar year shall include— 
‘‘(1) a description of the mitigation plans of the Secretary to address readiness shortfalls and operational deficiencies identified in the report submitted for the preceding calendar quarter; and ‘‘(2) for each such shortfall or deficiency, a timeline for resolution, the cost necessary for such resolution, the mitigation strategy the Department will employ until the resolution is in place, and any legislative remedies required.’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 117 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (d)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘QUARTERLY ’’and inserting ‘‘S EMIANNUAL ’’; and (B) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘quarterly’’ and inserting ‘‘semiannual’’; and (2) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘each quarter’’ and inserting ‘‘semiannually’’. 
SEC. 332. BIENNIAL REPORT ON CORE DEPOT LEVEL MAINTENANCE AND REPAIR CAPABILITY. 
Section 2464(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(4) Any workload shortfalls at any work breakdown structure category designated as a lowerlevel category pursuant to Department of Defense Instruction 4151.20, or any successor instruction. ‘‘(5) A description of any workload executed at a category designated as a firstlevel category pursuant to such Instruction, or any successor instruction, that could be used to mitigate shortfalls in similar categories. ‘‘(6) A description of any progress made on implementing mitigation plans developed pursuant to paragraph (3). ‘‘(7) A description of core capability requirements and corresponding workloads at the first level category. ‘‘(8) In the case of any shortfall that is identified, a description of the shortfall and an identification of the subcategory of the work breakdown structure in which the shortfall occurred. ‘‘(9) In the case of any work breakdown structure category designated as a special interest item or other pursuant to such Instruction, or any successor instruction, an explanation for such designation. ‘‘(10) Whether the core depotlevel maintenance and repair capability requirements described in the report submitted under this subsection for the preceding fiscal year have been executed.’’. 
SEC. 333. ANNUAL REPORT ON PERSONNEL, TRAINING, AND EQUIPMENT NEEDS OF NONFEDERALIZED NATIONAL GUARD. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORT REQUIRED .—Section 10504 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 1051, is further amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘REPORT .—’’ and inserting ‘‘R EPORT ON STATE 
OF THE NATIONAL GUARD .—(1)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘The report’’’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) The annual report required by paragraph (1)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) ANNUAL REPORT ON NONFEDERALIZED  SERVICE NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , TRAINING, AND EQUIPMENT REQUIREMENTS .—(1) Not later than January 31 of each of calendar years 2018 through 2022, the Chief of the National Guard Bureau shall submit to the recipients described in paragraph (3) a report that identifies the personnel, training, and equipment required by the nonfederalized National Guard— ‘‘(A) to support civilian authorities in connection with natural and manmade disasters during the covered period; and ‘‘(B) to carry out prevention, protection, mitigation, response, and recovery activities relating to such disasters during the covered period. ‘‘(2) In preparing each report under paragraph (1), the Chief of the National Guard Bureau shall— ‘‘(A) consult with the chief executive of each State, the Council of Governors, and other appropriate civilian authorities; ‘‘(B) collect and validate information from each State relating to the personnel, training, and equipment requirements described in paragraph (1); ‘‘(C) set forth separately the personnel, training, and equipment requirements for— ‘‘(i) each of the emergency support functions of the National Response Framework; and ‘‘(ii) each of the Federal Emergency Management Agency regions; ‘‘(D) assess core civilian capability gaps relating to natural and manmade disasters, as identified by States in submissions to the Department of Homeland Security; and ‘‘(E) take into account threat and hazard identifications and risk assessments of the Department of Defense, the Department of Homeland Security, and the States. ‘‘(3) The annual report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted to the following officials: ‘‘(A) The congressional defense committees, the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate. ‘‘(B) The Secretary of Defense. ‘‘(C) The Secretary of Homeland Security. ‘‘(D) The Council of Governors. ‘‘(E) The Secretary of the Army. ‘‘(F) The Secretary of the Air Force. ‘‘(G) The Commander of the United States Northern Command. ‘‘(H) The Commander of the United States Pacific Command. ‘‘(I) The Commander of the United States Cyber Command. ‘‘(4) In this subsection, the term ‘covered period’ means the fiscal year beginning after the date on which a report is submitted under paragraph (1).’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) SECTION HEADING .—The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 10504. Chief of National Guard Bureau: annual reports’’. (2) TABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 1011 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 10504 and inserting the following: ‘‘10504. Chief of National Guard Bureau: annual reports.’’. 
SEC. 334. ANNUAL REPORT ON MILITARY WORKING DOGS USED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) C APACITY .—The Secretary of Defense, acting through the Executive Agent for Military Working Dogs (hereinafter in this section referred to as the ‘‘Executive Agent’’), shall— (1) identify the number of military working dogs required to fulfill the various missions of the Department of Defense for which such dogs are used, including force protection, facility and check point security, and explosives and drug detection; (2) take such steps as are practicable to ensure an adequate number of military working dog teams are available to meet and sustain the mission requirements identified in paragraph (1); (3) ensure that the Department’s needs and performance standards with respect to military working dogs are readily available to dog breeders and trainers; and (4) coordinate with other Federal, State, and local agencies, nonprofit organizations, universities, and private sector entities, as appropriate, to increase the training capacity for military working dog teams. (b) MILITARY WORKING DOGPROCUREMENT .— The Secretary, acting through the Executive Agent, shall work to ensure that military working dogs are procured as efficiently as possible and at the best value to the Government, while maintaining the necessary level of quality and encouraging increased domestic breeding. (c) ANNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018, and annually thereafter until September 30, 2021, the Secretary, acting through the Executive Agent, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the procurement and retirement of military working dogs for the fiscal year preceding the fiscal year during which the report is submitted. Each report under this subsection shall include the following for the fiscal year covered by the report: (1) The number of military working dogs procured, by source, by each military department or Defense Agency. (2) The cost of procuring military working dogs incurred by each military department or Defense Agency. (3) The number of domestically bred and sourced military working dogs procured by each military department or Defense Agency, including a list of vendors, their location, cost, and the quantity of dogs procured from each vendor. (4) The number of nondomestically bred military working dogs procured from nondomestic sources by each military department or Defense Agency, including a list of vendors, their location, cost, and the quantity of dogs procured from each vendor. (5) The cost of procuring pretrained and green dogs for force protection, facility and checkpoint security, and improvised explosive device, other explosives, and drug detection. (6) An analysis of the procurement practices of each military department or Defense Agency that limit market access for domestic canine vendors and breeders. (7) The total cost of procuring domestically bred military working dogs versus the total cost of procuring dogs from nondomestic sources. (8) The total number of domestically bred dogs and the number of dogs from foreign sources procured by each military department or Defense Agency and the number and percentage of those dogs that are ultimately deployed for their intended use. (9) An explanation for any significant difference in the cost of procuring military working dogs from different sources. (10) An estimate of the number of military working dogs expected to retire annually and an identification of the primary cause of the retirement of such dogs. (11) An identification of the final disposition of military working dogs no longer in service. (d) MILITARY WORKING DOGDEFINED .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘military working dog’’ means a dog used in any official military capacity, as defined by the Secretary of Defense. 
SEC. 335. ANNUAL BRIEFINGS ON ARMY EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL. 
Not later than 60 days after the last day of each of fiscal years 2018 through 2021, the Secretary of the Army shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives briefings on the actions the Army has taken to address the following: (1) Programmed funding and manpower to establish and implement the explosive ordnance disposal (hereinafter referred to as ‘‘EOD’’) assistant commandant position in the Army Ordnance School. (2) EOD personnel talent management, including command opportunities and promotion within the Army logistics cohort, and career broadening opportunities, including participation in joint, interagency, and multinational EOD commissioned officer and noncommissioned officer positions. (3) How the EOD career path ensures and maintains technical proficiency for EODqualified personnel. 
(4) Efforts to improve EOD proponency and advocacy across the Army, including activities of the EOD Board of Advisors. (5) Efforts to enhance synchronization of EOD with other Army missions and functions and retain critical interdependencies. (6) Annual funding programmed through the futureyears defense program and executed during the preceding fiscal year for EOD requirements including personnel, training, and equipment. 
SEC. 336. REPORT ON EFFECTS OF CLIMATE CHANGE ON DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) Secretary of Defense James Mattis has stated: ‘‘It is appropriate for the Combatant Commands to incorporate drivers of instability that impact the security environment in their areas into their planning.’’. (2) Secretary of Defense James Mattis has stated: ‘‘I agree that the effects of a changing climate — such as increased maritime access to the Arctic, rising sea levels, desertification, among others — impact our security situation.’’. (3) Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Joseph Dunford has stated: ‘‘It’s a question, once again, of being forward deployed, forward engaged, and be in a position to respond to the kinds of natural disasters that I think we see as a second or third order effect of climate change.’’. (4) Former Secretary of Defense Robert Gates has stated: ‘‘Over the next 20 years and more, certain pressurespopulation, energy, climate, economic, environmentalcould combine with rapid cultural, social, and technological change to produce new sources of deprivation, rage, and instability.’’. (5) Former Chief of Staff of the U.S. Army Gordon Sullivan has stated: ‘‘Climate change is a national security issue. We found that climate instability will lead to instability in geopolitics and impact American military operations around the world.’’. (6) The Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI) has stated: ‘‘Many countries will encounter climateinduced disruptions— such as weatherrelated disasters, drought, famine, or damage to infrastructure—that stress their capacity to respond, cope with, or adapt. Climaterelated impacts will also contribute to increased migration, which can be particularly disruptive if, for example, demand for food and shelter outstrips the resources available to assist those in need.’’. (7) The Government Accountability Office (GAO) has stated: ‘‘DOD links changes in precipitation patterns with potential climate change impacts such as changes in the number of consecutive days of high or low precipitation as well as increases in the extent and duration of droughts, with an associated increase in the risk of wildfire. . . this may result in mission vulnerabilities such as reduced livefire training due to drought and increased wildfire risk.’’. (8) A threefoot rise in sea levels will threaten the operations of more than 128 United States military sites, and it is possible that many of these atrisk bases could be submerged in the coming years. (9) As global temperatures rise, droughts and famines can lead to more failed states, which are breeding grounds of extremist and terrorist organizations. (10) In the Marshall Islands, an Air Force radar installation built on an atoll at a cost of $1,000,000,000 is projected to be underwater within two decades. (11) In the western United States, drought has amplified the threat of wildfires, and floods have damaged roads, runways, and buildings on military bases. (12) In the Arctic, the combination of melting sea ice, thawing permafrost, and sealevel rise is eroding shorelines, which is damaging radar and communication installations, runways, seawalls, and training areas. (13) In the Yukon Training Area, units conducting artillery training accidentally started a wildfire despite observing the necessary practices during red flag warning conditions. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) climate change is a direct threat to the national security of the United States and is impacting stability in areas of the world both where the United States Armed Forces are operating today, and where strategic implications for future conflict exist; (2) there are complexities in quantifying the cost of climate change on mission resiliency, but the Department of Defense must ensure that it is prepared to conduct operations both today and in the future and that it is prepared to address the effects of a changing climate on threat assessments, resources, and readiness; and (3) military installations must be able to effectively prepare to mitigate climate damage in their master planning and infrastructure planning and design, so that they might best consider the weather and natural resources most pertinent to them. (c) REPORT .— (1) REPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on vulnerabilities to military installations and combatant commander requirements resulting from climate change over the next 20 years. (2) ELEMENTS .—The report on vulnerabilities to military installations and combatant commander requirements required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A list of the ten most vulnerable military installations within each service based on the effects of rising sea tides, increased flooding, drought, desertification, wildfires, thawing permafrost, and any other categories the Secretary determines necessary. (B) An overview of mitigations that may be necessary to ensure the continued operational viability and to increase the resiliency of the identified vulnerable military installations and the cost of such mitigations. (C) A discussion of the climatechange related effects on the Department, including the increase in the frequency of humanitarian assistance and disaster relief missions and the theater campaign plans, contingency plans, and global posture of the combatant commanders. (D) An overview of mitigations that may be necessary to ensure mission resiliency and the cost of such mitigations. (3) FORM.—The report required subparagraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. Subtitle E—Other Matters 
(a) M ODIFICATION AND IMPROVEMENT OF AMMUNITION STORAGE BOARD .—Section 172 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Secretaries of the military departments’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Defense’’; (2) by inserting ‘‘that includes members’’ after ‘‘joint board’’; (3) by striking ‘‘selected by them’’ and inserting ‘‘selected by the Secretaries of the military departments,’’; (4) by inserting ‘‘military’’ before ‘‘officers’’; (5) by inserting ‘‘designated as the chair and voting members of the board for each military department’’ after ‘‘officers’’; (6) by inserting ‘‘and other’’ before ‘‘civilian officers’’; (7) by striking ‘‘or both’’ and inserting ‘‘as necessary’’; and (8) by striking ‘‘keep informed on stored’’ and inserting ‘‘provide oversight on storage and transportation of’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) SECTION HEADING .—The heading of section 172 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Ammunition storage’’ and inserting ‘‘Explosive safety’’. (2) TABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 7 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 172 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘172. Explosive safety board.’’. 
SEC. 342. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE SUPPORT FOR MILITARY SERVICE MEMORIALS AND MUSEUMS THAT HIGHLIGHT THE ROLE OF WOMEN IN THE ARMED FORCES. 
The Secretary of Defense may provide financial support for the acquisition, installation, and maintenance of exhibits, facilities, historical displays, and programs at military service memorials and museums that highlight the role of women in the Armed Forces. The Secretary may enter into a contract with a nonprofit organization for the purpose of performing such acquisition, installation, and maintenance. 
SEC. 343. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR ADVANCED SKILLS MANAGEMENT SOFTWARE SYSTEM OF THE NAVY. 
SEC. 528. INCLUSION OF INFORMATION IN ANNUAL SAPRO REPORTS REGARDING SEXUAL ASSAULTS COMMITTED BY A MEMBER OF THE ARMED FORCES AGAINST THE MEMBER’S SPOUSE OR OTHER FAMILY MEMBER. 
Beginning with the reports required to be submitted by March 1, 2018, under section 1631 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 1561 note), information regarding a sexual assault committed by a member of the Armed Forces against the spouse or intimate partner of the member or another dependent of the member shall be included in such reports in addition to the annual Family Advocacy Program report. The information shall be provided in such reports in the same manner as information is provided with respect to other official and unofficial reports of sexual assault. SEC. 529. NOTIFICATION OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES UNDERGOING CERTAIN ADMINISTRATIVE SEPARATIONS OF POTENTIAL ELIGIBILITY FOR VETERANS BENEFITS. 
(a) N OTIFICATION REQUIRED .—A member of the Armed Forces who receives an administrative separation or mandatory discharge under conditions other than honorable shall be provided written notification that the member may petition the Veterans Benefits Administration of the Department of Veterans Affairs to receive, despite the characterization of the member’s service, certain benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. (b) DEADLINE FOR NOTIFICATION .—Notifica tion under subsection (a) shall be provided to a member described in such subsection in conjunction with the member’s notification of the administrative separation or mandatory discharge or as soon thereafter as practicable. 
SEC. 530. CONSISTENT ACCESS TO SPECIAL VICTIMS’ COUNSEL FOR FORMER DEPENDENTS OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall revise Navy policy regarding the eligibility of former dependents of members of the Armed Forces to representation by a Victims’ Legal Counsel so that Navy policy is consistent with Army and Air Force policy regarding Special Victims’ Counsel, which provides that a former dependent is eligible for such representation if, while entitled to legal assistance, the dependent was the victim of an alleged sexrelated offense by a member of the Armed Forces. Subtitle D—Member Education, Training, Resilience, and Transition 
SEC. 541. PROHIBITION ON RELEASE OF MILITARY SERVICE ACADEMY GRADUATES TO PARTICIPATE IN PROFESSIONAL ATHLETICS. 
(a) U NITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY .—Sec tion 4348(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) That the cadet will not seek release from the commissioned service obligation of the cadet to pursue a career as a professional athlete and understands that the appointment alternative described in paragraph (3) will not be used to allow the cadet to pursue such a career.’’. (b) UNITED STATES NAVAL ACADEMY .—Section 6959(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) That the midshipman will not seek release from the commissioned service obligation of the midshipman to pursue a career as a professional athlete and understands that the appointment alternative described in paragraph (3) will not be used to allow the midshipman to pursue such a career.’’. (c) UNITED STATES AIRFORCE ACADEMY .— Section 9348(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) That the cadet will not seek release from the commissioned service obligation of the cadet to pursue a career as a professional athlete and understands that the appointment alternative described in paragraph (2) will not be used to allow the cadet to pursue such a career.’’. (d) APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS .—The Sec retaries of the military departments shall 
promptly revise the cadet and midshipman service agreements under sections 4348, 6959, and 9348 of title 10, United States Code, to reflect the amendments made by this section. The revised agreement shall apply to cadets and midshipmen who are attending the United States Military Academy, the United States Naval Academy, or the United States Air Force Academy on the date of the enactment of this Act and to persons who begin attendance at such military service academies on or after that date. 
SEC. 542. ROTC CYBER INSTITUTES AT THE SENIOR MILITARY COLLEGES. 
(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary of Defense may carry out a program to establish a Reserve Officers’ Training Corps Cyber Institute (referred to in this Act as an ‘‘ROTC Cyber Institute’’) at each of the senior military colleges for purposes of accelerating the development of foundational expertise in critical cyber operational skills for future military and civilian leaders of the Armed Forces and Department of Defense including such leaders of the reserve components. (b) ELEMENTS .—Each ROTC Cyber Institute established under the program authorized by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) Programs to provide future military and civilian leaders of the Armed Forces or the Department of Defense, as the case may be, who possess cyber operational expertise from beginning through advanced skill levels. Such programs shall include instruction and practical experiences that lead to recognized certifications in the cyber field. (2) Programs of targeted strategic foreign language proficiency training for such future leaders that— (A) are designed to significantly enhance critical cyber operational capabilities; and (B) are tailored to current and anticipated readiness requirements. (3) Programs related to mathematical foundations of cryptography and courses in cryptographic theory and practice designed to complement and reinforce cyber education along with the strategic language programs critical to cyber operations. (4) Programs designed to develop early interest and cyber talent through summer programs for elementary school and secondary school students and dual enrollment opportunities for cyber, strategic language, and cryptography related courses. (5) Training and education programs to expand the pool of qualified cyber instructors necessary to support cyber education in regional school systems. (c) PARTNERSHIPS WITHDEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND THE ARMED FORCES .—Any ROTC Cyber Institute established under the program authorized by subsection (a) may enter into a partnership with one or more components of the Armed Forces, active or reserve, or any agency of the Department of Defense to facilitate the development of critical cyber skills for students who may pursue a military career. (d) PARTNERSHIPS WITHOTHER SCHOOLS .— Any ROTC Cyber Institute established under the program authorized by subsection (a) may enter into a partnership with one or more local educational agencies to facilitate the development of critical cyber skills under the program among students attending the elementary schools and secondary schools of such agencies who may pursue a military career. (e) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) ESEA 
TERMS .—The terms ‘‘elementary school’’, ‘‘secondary school’’, and ‘‘local educational agency’’ have the meanings given the terms in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). (2) SENIOR MILITARY COLLEGES .—The term ‘‘senior military colleges’’ means the senior military colleges described in section 2111a(f) of title 10, United States Code. SEC. 543. LIEUTENANT HENRY OSSIAN FLIPPER LEADERSHIP SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—The Secretary of the Army shall carry out a program to be known as the ‘‘Lieutenant Henry Ossian Flipper Leadership Scholarship Program’’ under which the Secretary may provide financial assistance, in accordance with this section, to a person— (1) who is pursuing a recognized postsecondary credential at a minorityserving institution; and (2) who enters into an agreement with the Secretary as described in subsection (b). (b) SERVICE AGREEMENT FOR SCHOLARSHIP RECIPIENTS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—To receive financial assistance under this section— (A) a member of the Army shall enter into an agreement to serve on active duty in the Army for the period of obligated service determined under paragraph (2); and (B) a person who is not a member of the Army shall enter into an agreement to enlist or accept a commission in the Army and to serve on active duty in Army for the period of obligated service determined under paragraph (2). (2) PERIOD OF OBLIGATED SERVICE .—The pe riod of obligated service for a recipient of financial assistance under this section shall be the period determined by the Secretary of Army as being appropriate to obtain adequate service in exchange for the financial assistance. The period of service required of a recipient shall be not less than the period equal to threefourths of the total period of pursuit of a credential for which the Secretary agrees to provide the recipient with financial assistance under this section. The period of obligated service is in addition to any other period for which the recipient is obligated to serve on active duty. (3) TERMS OF AGREEMENT .—An agreement entered into under this section by a person pursuing a recognized postsecondary credential shall include the following terms: (A) SERVICE START DATE .—The period of obligated service will begin on a date after the award of the credential, as determined by the Secretary of the Army. (B) ACADEMIC PROGRESS .—The person will maintain satisfactory academic progress, as determined by the Secretary, and that failure to maintain such progress constitutes grounds for termination of the financial assistance for the person under this section. (C) OTHER TERMS .—Any other terms and conditions that the Secretary determines to be appropriate for carrying out this section. (c) AMOUNT OF ASSISTANCE .—The amount of the financial assistance provided for a person under this section shall be the amount determined by the Secretary of the Army as being necessary to pay the person’s cost of attendance at the minorityserving institution. (d) USE OF ASSISTANCE FOR SUPPORT OF INTERNSHIPS .—The financial assistance for a person under this section may also be provided to support internship activities of the person at the Department of Defense in periods between the academic years leading to the credential for which assistance is provided the person under this section. (e) REPAYMENT FOR PERIOD OF UNSERVED OBLIGATED SERVICE .—A member of the Army who does not complete the period of active duty specified in the service agreement under subsection (b) shall be subject to the repayment provisions of section 303a(e) of title 37. (f) REPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes— (1) an assessment of the progress of the Secretary in carrying out the scholarship program under this section; (2) the number of scholarships that the Secretary intends to award in the academic year beginning after the date of the submission of the report; and (3) a description of the Secretary’s efforts to promote the scholarship program at minority serving institutions. (g) DEFINITIONS .—In this Act: (1) COST OF ATTENDANCE .—The term ‘‘cost of attendance’’ has the meaning given the term in section 472 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087ll). (2) MINORITY SERVING INSTITUTION .—The term ‘‘minorityserving institution’’ means an institution of higher education described in section 371(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1067q(a)). (3) RECOGNIZED POSTSECONDARY CREDEN TIAL.—The term ‘‘recognized postsecondary credential’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102). Subtitle E—Defense Dependents’ Education and Military Family Readiness Matters 
SEC. 551. CONTINUATION OF AUTHORITY TO ASSIST LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES THAT BENEFIT DEPENDENTS OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CIVILIAN EMPLOYEES. 
(a) A SSISTANCE TO SCHOOLS WITHSIGNIFICANT  NUMBERS OF MILITARY DEPENDENT STUDENTS .— Of the amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2018 by section 301 and available for operation and maintenance for Defensewide activities as specified in the funding table in division D, $30,000,000 shall be available only for the purpose of providing assistance to local educational agencies under subsection (a) of section 572 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006 (Public Law 109–163; 20 U.S.C. 7703b). (b) LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY DEFINED .— In this section, the term ‘‘local educational agency’’ has the meaning given that term in section 7013(9) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7713(9)). 
SEC. 552. EDUCATION FOR DEPENDENTS OF CERTAIN RETIRED MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 2164(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by inserting ‘‘, dependents of retirees,’’ after ‘‘dependents of members of the armed forces’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘and the dependents of such retirees’’ after ‘‘such members of the armed forces’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘retiree’ means a member or former member of the armed forces, not including a member or former member of the Coast Guard, who is entitled to retired or retainer pay under this title, or who, but for age, would be eligible for retired or retainer pay under chapter 1223 of this title.’’. 
SEC. 553. CODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO CONDUCT FAMILY SUPPORT PROGRAMS FOR IMMEDIATE FAMILY MEMBERS OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES ASSIGNED TO SPECIAL OPERATIONS FORCES. 
Section 705 of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. 4025(a)), is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) REGISTRATION .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—For the purposes of voting in any election for Federal office (as defined in section 301 of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30101)) or State or local office, a servicemember who registers to vote in a State in which the servicemember is present in compliance with military orders for a permanent change of station shall not, solely by reason of that registration— ‘‘(A) be deemed to have acquired a residence or domicile in that State; ‘‘(B) be deemed to have become a resident in or a resident of that State; or ‘‘(C) be deemed to have lost a residence or domicile in any other State, without regard to whether or not the person intends to return to that State. ‘‘(2) NOTIFICATION BY THE SERVICEMEMBER .— A servicemember who elects to register to vote in the State in which the servicemember is present in compliance with military orders for a permanent change of station shall notify the Service Voting Action Officer of the military department concerned not later than 10 days after such registration. ‘‘(3) NOTIFICATION BY THE SERVICE VOTING AC TION OFFICER .—A Service Voting Action Officer who receives a notification under paragraph (2) shall notify the chief State election official of the State in which the servicemember resides or is domiciled of such registration not later than 10 days after such registration.’’. 
SEC. 574. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING SECTION 504 OF TITLE 10, UNITED STATES CODE, ON EXISTING AUTHORITY OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE TO ENLIST INDIVIDUALS, NOT OTHERWISE ELIGIBLE FOR ENLISTMENT, WHOSE ENLISTMENT IS VITAL TO THE NATIONAL INTEREST. 
It is the sense of Congress that a statute currently exists, specifically paragraph (2) of subsection (b) of section 504 of title 10, United States Code, which states that ‘‘the Secretary concerned may authorize the enlistment of a person not described in paragraph (1) [of that subsection] if the Secretary determines that such enlistment is vital to the national interest’’. TITLE VI—COMPENSATION AND OTHER PERSONNEL BENEFITS Subtitle A—Pay and Allowances 
The adjustment in the rates of monthly basic pay required by subsection (a) of section 1009 of title 37, United States Code, to be made on January 1, 2018, shall take effect, notwithstanding any determination made by the President under subsection (e) of such section with respect to an alternative pay adjustment to be made on such date. 
SEC. 602. LIMITATION ON BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING MODIFICATION AUTHORITY FOR MEMBERS OF THE UNIFORMED SERVICES RESIDING IN MILITARY HOUSING PRIVATIZATION INITIATIVE HOUSING. 

SEC. 3117. PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR PROGRAMS IN RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2018 for atomic energy defense activities may be obligated or expended to enter into a contract with, or otherwise provide assistance to, the Russian Federation. (b) WAIVER .—The Secretary of Energy, without delegation, may waive the prohibition in subsection (a) only if— (1) the Secretary determines, in writing, that a nuclearrelated threat arising in the Russian Federation must be addressed urgently and it is necessary to waive the prohibition to address that threat; (2) the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Defense concur in the determination under paragraph (1); (3) the Secretary of Energy submits to the appropriate congressional committees a report containing— (A) a notification that the waiver is in the national security interest of the United States; (B) justification for the waiver, including the determination under paragraph (1); and (C) a description of the activities to be carried out pursuant to the waiver, including the expected cost and timeframe for such activities; and (4) a period of seven days elapses following the date on which the Secretary submits the report under paragraph (3). (c) EXCEPTION .—The prohibition under subsection (a) and the requirements under subsection (b) to waive that prohibition shall not apply to an amount, not to exceed $3,000,000, that the Secretary may make available for the Department of Energy Russian Health Studies Program. (d) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the following: (1) The congressional defense committees. (2) The Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 3118. NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMINISTRATION PAY AND PERFORMANCE SYSTEM. 
(a) P AYBANDING AND PERFORMANCE BASED PAYADJUSTMENT DEMONSTRATION PROJECT .— (1) EXTENSION .—The Administrator for Nuclear Security shall carry out the demonstration project until the date that is five years after the date of the enactment of this Act. The Administrator shall carry out such project in accordance with the demonstration project plan, including with respect to the authority of the Administrator to modify such system pursuant to such plan and waiving certain authorities or requirements under such plan. (2) NAVAL NUCLEAR PROPULSION PROGRAM .— The Deputy Administrator for Naval Reactors 
may carry out the demonstration project with respect to the employees of the Naval Nuclear Propulsion Program in positions in the competitive service. (3) ROTATIONS .—In carrying out the demonstration project, the Administrator shall authorize, and establish incentives for, employees of the National Nuclear Security Administration to have rotational assignments among different programs of the Administration, the headquarters and field offices of the Administration, and the management and operating contractors of the Administration. (4) REQUIREMENTS FOR SENIOR LEVEL POSI TIONS .—The Administrator shall establish requirements for employees of the Administration who are in the demonstration project to be promoted to seniorlevel positions in the Administration, including requirements with respect to— (A) professional training and continuing education; and (B) a certain number and types of rotational assignments under paragraph (3), as determined by the Administrator. (5) DEFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) The term ‘‘demonstration project’’ means the National Nuclear Security Administration Pay Banding and PerformanceBased Pay Adjustment Demonstration Project that is carried out— (i) pursuant to section 4703 of title 5, United States Code; and (ii) in accordance with the demonstration project plan and this subsection. (B) The term ‘‘demonstration project plan’’ means the demonstration project plan published in the Federal Register on December 21, 2007 (72 Fed. Reg. 72,776). (b) ROTATIONS FOR CERTAIN CONTRACTORS .— (1) INCREASED USE .—The Administrator for Nuclear Security shall increase the use of rotational assignments of employees of the management and operating contractors of the National Nuclear Security Administration to the headquarters of the Administration, the Department of Defense and the military departments, the intelligence community, and other departments and agencies of the Federal Government. (2) METHODS .—The Administrator shall carry out paragraph (1) by— (A) establishing incentives for— (i) the management and operating contractors of the Administration and the employees of such contractors to participate in rotational assignments; and (ii) the departments and agencies of the Federal Government specified in such paragraph to facilitate such assignments; (B) providing professional and leadership development opportunities during such assignments; (C) using details and other applicable authorities and programs, including the mobility program under subchapter VI of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Intergovernmental Personnel Act Mobility Program’’); and (D) taking such other actions as the Administrator determines appropriate to increase the use of such rotational assignments. (c) REDTEAM ANALYSIS .— (1) ANALYSIS .—The Director for Cost Estimating and Program Evaluation of the National Nuclear Security Administration shall carry out a redteam analysis of the Federal employee staffing structure of the Administration with respect to the Administrator for Nuclear Security meeting the authorized personnel levels under section 3241A of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 22441a). (2) MATTERS INCLUDED .—The analysis under paragraph (1) shall include assessments of— (A) the number of Federal employees within each program of the Administration, and whether such numbers are appropriately balanced with respect to the size, scope, functions, budgets, and risks, of the program; and (B) the number of Senior Executive Service positions within the Administration, including a comparison of such number to other comparable departments and agencies of the Federal Government, and whether such number is appropriate. (d) BRIEFINGS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act— (A) the Administrator for Nuclear Security shall provide a briefing to the appropriate congressional committees on the implementation of— (i) section 3248 of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act, as added by subsection (a); and (ii) subsection (b); and (B) the Director for Cost Estimating and Program Evaluation shall provide to such committees a briefing on the analysis under subsection (c). (2) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate; (B) the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives; (C) the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate; and (D) the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), the Secretary of Energy shall carry out construction and project support activities relating to the MOX facility using funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2018 for the National Nuclear Security Administration for the MOX facility for construction and project support activities. (b) WAIVER .—The Secretary of Energy may waive the requirement in subsection (a) if the Secretary submits to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate the following: (1) The matters required by section 3116(b)(3) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2761). (2) Notification that the Secretary has sought to enter into consultations with any relevant State necessary to pursue an alternative option for carrying out the plutonium disposition program. (3) Notification that the Secretary has been unable to enter into a fixedprice contract with the prime contractor of the MOX facility (for construction and project support activities under subsection (a)) that the Secretary determines sufficiently minimizes risk and cost to the Department of Energy. (4) Certification that— (A) an alternative option for carrying out the plutonium disposition program exists; (B) the total lifecycle cost of such alternative option would be less than approximately half of the estimated remaining total lifecycle cost of the mixedoxide fuel program; and (C) pursuing such alternative option is in the best interest of the Federal Government. (5) The commitment of the Secretary to— (A) remove plutonium from South Carolina; and (B) ensure a sustainable future for the Savannah River Site. (c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘MOX facility’’ means the mixedoxide fuel fabrication facility at the Savannah River Site, Aiken, South Carolina. (2) The term ‘‘project support activities’’ means activities that support the design, long lead equipment procurement, and site preparation of the MOX facility. 

The CHAIR. No further amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in part B of House Report 115–212 and amendments en bloc described in section 3 of House Resolution 431. Each further amendment printed in part B of the report shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. b2030 Pursuant to the order of the House of today, amendment No. 88 may be considered out of sequence. It shall be in order at any time for the chair of the Committee on Armed Services or his designee to offer amendments en bloc consisting of amendments printed in part B of the report not earlier disposed of. Amendments en bloc shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for 20 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Armed Services or their designees, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part B of House Report 115–212. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 155, line 19, strike ‘‘$30,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$50,000,000’’. Page 258, beginning on line 23, strike subsection (b). Page 322, line 8, insert ‘‘(1)’’ after ‘‘(b)’’. Page 351, beginning on line 22, strike subsection (d). Page 376, beginning on line 11, strike paragraph (3). Page 381, after line 6, insert the following: (A) in subsection (b)(3), by striking ‘‘section 377’’ and inserting ‘‘section 277’’; Page 381, line 7, strike ‘‘(A)’’ and insert ‘‘(B)’’. Page 381, line 7, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 381, line 8, strike ‘‘(B)’’ and insert ‘‘(C)’’. Page 381, line 9, strike the period and insert ‘‘; and’’. Page 381, after line 9, insert the following: (D) in subsection (e), as so redesignated, by ‘‘striking sections 375 and 376’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 275 and 276’’. Page 381, line 16, strike ‘‘designating’’ and insert ‘‘redesignating’’. Page 396, after line 4, insert the following: (5) REPORT ON PROCUREMENT OF CONTRACT  
SERVICES .—By inserting after paragraph (64), as added by paragraph (4), the following new paragraph: ‘‘(65) Section 235.’’. Page 410, beginning on line 3, strike paragraph (5) and insert the following: (5) Section 129a(b) is amended by striking ‘‘(as identified pursuant to section 118b of this title)’’. Page 412, line 22, strike ‘‘Section 1552(h)’’ and insert ‘‘Subsection (i) of section 1522, as redesignated by section 511(a)(1) of this Act,’’. Page 415, beginning on line 14, strike paragraph (42). Page 567, line 13, strike the second period. Page 569, line 12, strike ‘‘section 1501(2)’’ and insert ‘‘section 1501(a)(2)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 431, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORNBERRY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, this is a manager’s amendment that contains technical and conforming edits to the bill. I do not know of any controversy. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chair, I am not going to take that much time. I agree with the chairman. This is uncontroversial and should be adopted. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORNBERRY ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . CONAWAY  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part B of House Report 115–212. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Add at the end of subtitle B of title III the following: 
SEC. 316. PROHIBITION ON CONTRACTS OR AWARDS FOR DROPIN BIOFUELS OR BIOREFINERIES DURING SEQUESTRATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Department of Defense may not, during fiscal year 2018 through 2021, enter into any new contracts or make any new award, and no funds may be obligated or expended, with respect to drop in biofuels or biorefineries. (b) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this section: (1) DROPIN BIOFUEL .—The term ‘‘dropin biofuel’’ means a neat of blended liquid hydrocarbon fuel designed as a direct replacement for a traditional fuel with comparable performance characteristics and compatible with existing infrastructure and equipment. (2) BIOREFINERY .—The term ‘‘biorefinery’’ means— (A) a facility that converts or proposes to convert renewable biomass into advanced biofuels (as such term is defined under section 9001 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8101)); and (B) a facility (including equipment and processes) that converts renewable biomass into biofuels and biobased products (as such terms are defined, respectively, under section 9001 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002). 
SEC. 317. CALCULATION OF THE COST OF DROP IN FUELS. 
Section 2922h of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (c) as subsection (d); and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the following: ‘‘(c) INCLUSION OF FINANCIAL CONTRIBUTIONS  FROM OTHER FEDERAL DEPARTMENTS AND  AGENCIES .—For purposes of calculating the fully burdened cost of dropin fuel under subsection (a), for a proposed purchase to be made on or after the beginning of fiscal year 2022, the Secretary of Defense shall include in such calculation any financial contributions made by other Federal departments and agencies.’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 431, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CONAWAY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is a pretty straightforward amendment. It does two things. One, it saves and conserves valuable taxpayer dollars to be used on higher priority issues, and it holds the Department of Defense accountable for current law. Mr. Chairman, we currently have in place a variety of agreements with folks who buy biofuels at costs ranging up to $28 a gallon. The Army actually bought some at $40 a gallon. At a time when you have heard, for over an hour now, the need for conserving resources, for reprioritizing resources, having those kind of contracts, new contracts come in existence makes no sense whatsoever. This amendment would simply say that while sequestration is going on, while we are under the draconian measures of sequestration, the Army, Department of Defense, Navy, Air Force will not enter into new contracts. Existing contracts, wherever they may be, however costly they might be, would continue forward, we would honor those and the amendments made in that regard. But as long as we are under sequestration and we are under this budgeting process that you have heard ad nauseam over the last hour or so, these would prevent this problem from going forward. Then if sequestration goes away on its own or we somehow lift it ourselves, then this restriction would be lifted and then new contracts could be entered into, but those contracts would then have an accounting clause in it, or the accounting department at the Pentagon would have an accounting process in which the cost of the fuels would have to take into account all of the other agencies who have been contributing to this fund. Early on, there was a $510 million pot of money created by the Department of Defense, the Department of Energy, and the Department of Agriculture, using the Commodities Credit Corporation to fund this $510 million. None of us know where that money went. It was supposed to do a refinery, but we don’t know that. We can’t prove that. We do know that they bought jet fuel at $28 a gallon under this program. Normally, at that same timeframe, they also bought jet fuel for $3.35 a gallon. So 25 bucks a gallon differential, 2 million gallons bought at the higher prices, that is $51 million of taxpayer dollars that were, I believe, misapplied and misprioritized in these tough times. This program came into existence, in no small part, because of America’s reliance on overseas sources of oil. This all predates the last 6 years of effort that has gone on in order to create the energy independence that we see on the horizon, given shale drilling and all of the opportunity to use these cheaper fuels. So I ask my colleagues to support the amendment. This makes sense. It does not squander taxpayer resources. It does not affect existing contracts. It would only be for new contracts. The industry itself, of course, is going to be for it because they are selling a commodity at $28 a gallon versus $3 a gallon, and you would expect them to be against my amendment. But my amendment is for the servicemen and women and for the taxpayers. Mr. Chair, I encourage a ‘‘yes’’ vote, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Chair, before I proceed, I wanted to take a quick few seconds to thank and recognize Chairman THORNBERRY and Ranking Member SMITH as a freshman member of the 115th Congress. It has been refreshing to see such bipartisan tone in leadership, so I just wanted to recognize them for those qualities and skills. With the Department of Defense struggling to rein in spending while keeping our military strong and our country protected, it is amendments like Mr. CONAWAY ’s that are unnecessarily impeding cost competition and reductions that come with publicprivate partnerships. This amendment limits competition between alternative fuel sources and may even force DOD to pay more by explicitly prohibiting purchases of cheaper fuel. That is not only inefficient, it is irresponsible. The Department of Defense is the single largest energy consumer in the world. We should be incentivizing the diversification of liquid fuels as an option to bring down costs and reduce regulatory burden. Not only does this amendment risk increased costs for DOD procurement, but it also stunts potential economic growth in the rapidly expanding biofuel field, a billiondollar industry worldwide. Yet another troubling result of this amendment, if passed, is its potential to impede military operations where an alternative fuel may be the only option available. It is unethical to endanger our men and women in uniform with this ban, and, at the very least, a waiver should be included for national security matters. Military leaders and experts have told Armed Services Committee members time and time again about the direct threat that climate change, particularly sea level rise, poses to our military operations and installations both at home in places like Norfolk and abroad. My colleague, Mr. LANGEVIN , included language in this year’s NDAA that specifically acknowledges this threat. It directs the Defense Department to study the impact of climate change and prepare an effective strategy to address its effects. We have long known that carbon pollution and fossil fuels are heavily contributing to a changing climate and the extreme weather patterns that accompany this phenomenon. It is irresponsible for this Congress to ignore this reality and not even consider cost effective and more clean energy sources for our military. Finally, I would like to point out that this amendment is completely unnecessary. Current law already prohibits DOD from purchasing alternative fuel in large quantities unless it is costcompetitive with traditional fuel. I urge my colleagues to oppose this misguided amendment that does far more harm than good to our Defense Department and to our servicemembers. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chair, how much time do I have? The CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas has 2 minutes remaining. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chair, the gentleman is incorrect in the sense that this does not, over the next year or 2 or 3, however long sequestration is going to be in place, measurably affect climate change one way or the other. The small amounts of fuel that are allowed to be purchased in excess of competitive costs are 2 million gallons at 28 bucks a gallon. The Department of Defense buys 107 billion gallons of fuel, so any number up to some multimillion dollar number, million gallon amount could be hidden under this amount. We also don’t have a good accounting process to understand exactly what those costs are when they enter into these contracts, and asking the Department of Agriculture to subsidize this process doesn’t make any sense either. In order to hide from the program, the issue is the Department of Defense buys the fuel, they send a bill to the Commodities Credit Corporation to actually pay for it. So it is not even on the Department of Defense’s books and records to get the proper accounting to make sure. This is straightforward stuff. You can’t, on the one hand, argue that we need to provide all that needs to be provided for our men and women to fight and spend an extra $51 billion, plus $510 million that we don’t know where that went on a product that can be brought for $3.35 a gallon. I would argue there is nowhere in the world today where we need dropin jet fuel that can be provided somewhere else. That argument is specious and it makes no sense whatsoever. That may be some future issue, but that is not today. Giving the shale drilling and the opportunity to provide fossil fuels for our military and their direct mission of fighting, not doing the other things to try to support this issue, makes no 
sense. So I ask my colleagues to vote for this commonsense amendment. It does not affect the existing contracts, and it is a better use of taxpayer dollars, and it is better for the members of the service to put a hiatus on new contracts while we are under sequestration and all of the things that have been talked about. So I encourage my colleagues to support the amendment. And with that, I yield to the chairman for any comments he might have. The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman from Texas has expired. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Chair, I will point out that those figures are incorrect as stated by my colleague. In 2015, the DOD paid $2.03 for 77,660 gallons of fuel at a 10 percent blend. I just wanted to correct the record because those are the accurate figures, and I think those figures speak volumes. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CONAWAY ). The question was taken; and the Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas will be postponed. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part B of House report 115–212. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in part B of House Report 115–212. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title X in division A, add the following new section: 
(a) R EDUCTION .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, but subject to subsection (b), the President, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Energy, and the Administrator for Nuclear Security, shall make such reductions in the amounts authorized to be appropriated under this Act in such manner as the President considers appropriate to achieve an aggregate reduction of 1 percent of the total amount of funds authorized to be appropriated under this Act. Such reduction shall be in addition to any other reduction of funds required by law. (b) EXCLUSIONS .—In carrying out subsection (a), the President shall not reduce the amount of funds for the following accounts: (1) Military personnel, reserve personnel, and National Guard personnel accounts of the Department of Defense. (2) The Defense Health Program account. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 431, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I might consume. Mr. Chairman, at a time when we need to balance our budget and prevent a legacy of debt from being left to the next generation, it is really time to ask ourselves: Not only should we blast through the budget caps, but can’t we afford to at least make a small and important step towards protecting our fiscal security as a nation, which is a critical part of our national security? By spending beyond our means, we make ourselves economically beholden to other nations like China and Saudi Arabia. That makes America less secure rather than more secure. As structured, the NDAA is fiscally irresponsible. We have had a number of discussions about that, that outside of the context of a full budget discussion, it is hard to talk about exceeding the Budget Control Act by 72.5 billion, an additional $10 billion of base spending. It is a broader discussion about the budget that needs to be had. What my amendment would do, very simply, Mr. Chairman, is give authority to the President of the United States and the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Energy to reduce the overall amount of money authorized in this bill by 1 percent. It excludes personnel and health accounts from being included in these reductions. A 1 percent reduction still leaves us well above the original Defense cap spending levels that I actually support. b2045 If I had my way, I would keep those budget numbers for defense spending, but I think this 1 percent is a very reasonable compromise for those of us who believe that we need to at least show a symbolic gesture towards fiscal responsibility as we head into the budget negotiations. In this bill, there are many overfunded accounts. Accounts are funded at levels above and beyond what our own military requested. A 1 percent reduction in that context is extremely reasonable. It is $6.2 billion out of this bill. I have no doubt that there are many ways to find the excess money in the bill that we would leave up to the military to reach that spending level. We can consider numerous programs. This doesn’t have to be across the board. We can consider programs where the bill authorizes procurement levels that exceed the President’s request and the military’s request. My colleague from Massachusetts pointed this out during the bill’s markup when he introduced an amendment to reduce the number of littoral combat ships from three to the Navy’s own request of one. We are effectively blocking the Navy from making a fiscally reasonable decision. There are dozens more—helicopters, aircraft, and missiles—than the President even requested in his budget. So we are not going to cut every one of those items. Many of them have found their way onto the unfunded priority list which the Pentagon provides the Congress. In a perfect world, if we had all the money in the world, we could have included all those items. But at some point, we have to make some decisions about the direction of our military budget, and we can’t allow ourselves to be convinced that somehow we can sustain this level of spending. We can’t. Frankly, even with this 1 percent cut, the level of spending is unsustainable and plunges us further into debt; but I think, hopefully, that is the least that Democrats and Republicans in Congress can come together around as a simple first step. My amendment is a very small first step. We don’t have to choose between protecting the homeland and fiscal restraint. When Congress is imposing spending that the military itself doesn’t even want, here is a vehicle to hand the military the ability to rein in some of that unnecessary spending that reduces our national security rather than improves it. I encourage my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on my amendment and take this modest step towards fiscal responsibility. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. TURNER ), chair of the Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces. Mr. TURNER. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is not about fiscal security. It is arbitrary. It is arbitrary cuts without any reference whatsoever to our security risks, without any assessments to the needs of our military, and it is incorrectly stated that we are giving things to our military that they do not want. In fact, they needed more. There is a whole category called unfunded requirements that they put before the House Armed Services Committee. And I want to say that again: unfunded requirements. It is not unfunded wishes, unfunded needs—unfunded requirements. And they are based on the mission that we have assigned the military and their inability to do so as a result of that gap, and many of which we were unable to fund in this bill. What would some of those relate to? We could take a tour around the world and we know the risks that we are facing: China, Russia, North Korea, Syria, Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya, ISIS, terrorism. These are not issues that you take up lightly and then say we can undertake an arbitrary cut. By the way, if this was really about fiscal security, it would be a 1 percent cut across all spending, but it is only 
going to apply to the military. This doesn’t apply to the IRS. It doesn’t apply to the EPA. This is only saying that the military should be cut as a result of some concept of fiscal savings. But the savings that we have taken have damaged our military already. The Air Force Vice Chief of Staff, General Stephen Wilson, at HASC, testified in February of this year, ‘‘ . . . we have become one of the smallest, oldest equipped, and least ready forces across the full spectrum of operations in our service history,’’ the entire history of the Air Force. In 1991, we went to Desert Storm. Our Air Force was 500,000 people and 134 fighter squadrons. Today we find ourselves at 317 in our active force, with 55 fighter squadrons. The Navy is the same. It is the smallest since World War II. Deployments continue to increase, and training and maintenance periods have been shortened, eliminated, or deferred. The number of Marine Corps infantry battalions have been reduced by four since 2010, going from 28 to 24. Admiral William Moran, the Vice Chief of Naval Operations, has also indicated that of the Navy aircraft, 60 percent are unable to operate. The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman. Mr. TURNER. At the end of this amendment, it incorrectly states that there should be no cuts to military personnel, and it incorrectly states that because the rest of the cuts actually apply to our military personnel. It applies to what we ask them to do and what we give them to do the job. Our military should be honored. It should not be faced with additional cuts. We should honor what is in this bill. We should satisfy their requirements, and we should support our men and women in uniform. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chair, the gentleman asked why aren’t there cuts for other agencies. That is not the bill we have before us. We have the National Defense Authorization bill before us. I have supported similar cuts in various agencies when we have had those appropriations bills on the floor. This is the biggest bill on the authorization side, and then, of course, the companion appropriations bill. This is over 40 percent of our discretionary expenditures, and the authorization for 40 percent of our discretionary expenditures is in this bill. So a 1 percent cut is very meaningful in this bill. That doesn’t mean that 1 percent cuts in other areas aren’t meaningful, too. They are. There is no single other area that is as important, fiscally, as this area, and I think it would set a positive tone for reining in outofcontrol spending. There are many accounts that are funded at levels above President Trump’s request. So if the gentleman is saying somehow that this cut would leave anybody unprepared, he is basically saying that President Trump’s budget would leave the military unprepared or leave people poorly equipped. The truth is there are many of us who support vastly lower spending levels and believe that those are sufficient for national defense. That is not even what this amendment does. It simply reduces spending just over $6.2 billion. It still blasts through the budget cap. Mr. Chair, the ranking member has indicated that he supports this bill, and I deeply respect his expertise in military preparedness. I encourage my colleagues to unanimously adopt my amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODYB. H ICE). Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this amendment. As we all know, over the past 8 years, the world certainly has become a more dangerous place, and we face a variety of threats that, quite frankly, we are not keeping pace with, and we simply cannot continue a pattern of underfunding our military. Yes, we must keep our financial house in order, but we absolutely cannot afford to allow the quality of our national defense to decline by further defense budget cuts. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, I oppose this amendment. I am concerned about a growing notion that we can thank servicemembers for their service but then somehow not provide them everything they need to do their job, that we can continue to allow them to have airplanes that don’t fly, ships that can’t sail, not having the readiness they need to prepare for the missions we send them on. As the gentleman from Ohio said, that hurts people, and, unfortunately, that is what has happened in recent years. Mr. Chairman, defense spending this year is still 18 percent below what it was in 2010. So what has happened is we have cut the defense budget while the threats that we send our military out to keep us safe from have grown. And remember, 2010 was before Russia invaded Crimea, before China started building islands in the South China Sea, before ISIS even existed. This budget that is before us does not fix all our problems. It is a start, and I think it is about as much as we can do in a single year. But even if this bill passes, we are not up to 2010 levels; we have not made up the ground that we have lost. I believe that the men and women who serve deserve our best. This bill, I believe, comes close to providing our best to them this year. It should be supported, and this amendment should be rejected. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS). The question was taken; and the Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MS . JAYAPAL  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in part B of House Report 115–212. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Chairman, I rise as the designee of the gentleman from Wisconsin, and I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
SEC. 1073. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING INVESTING IN THE HOMELAND TO ADVANCE NATIONAL SECURITY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) A strong and safe homeland rests on the health and wellbeing of America’s communities. (2) Federal nondefense discretionary spending provides health care for our veterans, research to tackle cancer, safe highways, airports and waterways, economic security for families in need, and robust law enforcement. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that any increase to the combined amount authorized to be appropriated for National Defense Budget (Function 50) and Overseas Contingency Operations should be matched—dollar for dollar—with increases in the annual amounts authorized to be appropriated for the Federal nondefense discretionary budget, which makes investments that are essential to the national security of the United States. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 431, the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. JAYAPAL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Washington. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Chairman, the reality is that our economic security is part and parcel of our national security, and so it is in line with these values today that we introduce Amendment 334 to the National Defense Authorization Act, which states a sense of Congress that any appropriated increase to the combined national defense budget and the overseas contingency operations budget are matched dollar for dollar by nondefense discretionary spending increases. For years now, these spending increases have occurred concurrently and equally, keeping important parity between defense and nondefense discretionary spending. Because genuine national security depends on the health, vibrancy, and safety of our communities, we must ensure that the spending parity continues and that this Democratic Party principle carries on into fiscal year 2018. 
Nondefense discretionary spending includes a host of funds that are crucial to the American people, from education to research, to veterans’ healthcare, to transportation and even homeland security. NDD funding is absolutely essential to moving our country forward. Mr. Chairman, as vice ranking member of the Budget Committee, I echo the comments made earlier by our ranking member, Mr. SMITH, about the dysfunction that we have, as we have yet to consider a fiscal year 2018 budget resolution, and we have only 23 legislative days before the new fiscal year begins. The effort to push through $696 billion in defense spending will trigger sequestration under the Budget Control Act, and our communities will pay the price in cuts to vital programs. This is senseless brinksmanship, and we must reject it. Sequestration would, further, hinder job creation and stall economic growth by cutting $2 trillion in discretionary spending for infrastructure that makes our communities thrive: roads, bridges, transit, railroad systems, broadband, ports, airports, waterways, schools, and safe, clean water systems. It will erode our investments in education, worker training, public health, and community development that strengthen the middle class and working families; and these shortfalls, Mr. Chairman, will hurt the American people and our economy and make us less secure as a nation. Budgetary gimmicks don’t make our Nation safer either, and that is why in the People’s Budget, which we introduced in the Progressive Caucus, the overseas contingency operations budget is actually zeroed out, as it is essentially a zero accountability slush fund used to avoid the restrictions imposed by the Budget Control Act. Some have pointed out that $10 billion of the $631.5 billion for the military base budget needs is actually labeled OCO purely as a technicality to evade the Budget Control Act caps. This is in addition to the clearly marked $65 billion of OCO funds. By including OCO funding onetoone match in our amendment, we are sending a message that we will not accept these efforts to undermine the best interests of our country and its people. Increasing opaque funding sources comes at the expense of our Nation’s infrastructure programs, education, and all the other things that I mentioned earlier. So to the extent that Congress provides relief from the post sequestration funding levels for our military, responsible Members of this body should be united in insisting that the same relief would apply to domestic discretionary spending. This amendment underscores the reality that economic security is national security. For these reasons, and to support the continuation of this important principle, we urge support of this amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. THORNBERRY. I yield myself 2 minutes. Mr. Chairman, in some ways, I think this may be one of the most important debates we have in the next 3 days because the question is whether our support for the men and women who serve in the military is conditional or not. Will we only repair the planes they fly, will we only fix the ships they sail if, and only if, exactly an equal amount will be added to domestic spending programs. b2100 Will we only provide for military spouses for their needs? Will we only take care of wounded warriors for their increased needs if, and only if, an exact amount, the exact dollar for dollar, is added to domestic programs? That holds the military hostage to a domestic political agenda, and I think that is fundamentally wrong at every level. These men and women go out and risk their lives to keep us safe, yet they not only have to worry about North Korea up on the DMZ, they not only have to worry about ISIS in Syria, they have to worry about whether we will pass some domestic program if we are going to adequately provide for them. The Constitution says it is Congress’ responsibility to provide for the military without condition. This sort of approach, saying, ‘‘We will only do this for the military if, and only if, we get what we want on domestic programs’’ breaks faith with the men and women who serve. It is wrong at every level. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Washington has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Washington (Mr. SMITH). Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, there is nothing political about a domestic agenda, and this isn’t conditional on additional money being spent. In fact, the chairman has got it exactly flipflop. The money that we are providing for the armed services at this point, the extra money, is conditioned on cutting it from everything else. As we saw in President Trump’s budget, $54 billion plus up for defense and $54 billion taken away from the domestic agenda. And it is beyond insulting to say that if you support any sort of domestic spending, you don’t care about the troops. That being concerned about transportation and infrastructure, which, by the way, bridges have collapsed and killed people in this country because of the problems with our transportation and infrastructure. The Department of Homeland Security is part of nondefense discretionary spending. Does it not protect us? We have heard from the President it does. The State Department is also part of nondefense discretionary spending, where we have heard from the Secretary of Defense that it saves lives. So for our committee—the Armed Services Committee to say, ‘‘We are all that matters, to hell with everything else; and if you care at all about transportation or domestic agenda, you don’t care about the troops,’’ that is what is an incredibly disingenuous argument. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 1 minute. Mr. Chairman, I think all of us care about domestic spending programs. I certainly do. And I am not for the cuts that were proposed by the administration. That is what we are here to do and decide. What I am opposed to is the sense of Congress that every dollar we increase in defense has to be matched by an increased dollar on the domestic side. That makes it conditional. That makes it tied to a domestic political agenda on the EPA, the IRS, education, transportation, whatever it is. My point is that all of those things need to stand on their own merits. Defense needs to stand on its own merits, support for our military needs to stand on its own merits, having planes that fly and ships that sail and adequate funding for our troops and their families stand on their own merits. It cannot be conditional upon whether or not this Congress or this President agrees on other spending items. They need to stand on their own two feet, too. But it is absolutely wrong to say we will only support these military folks if we get what we want on the domestic side. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Chairman, I have to say that this is conditional because we still don’t have a budget resolution. So in the absence of a budget resolution, the reality is we are looking at a budget that could potentially raise $676 billion for defense, but at the expense of all of the other programs that we have mentioned. And the reality is that families in the armed services also care about education, about healthcare, about roads, and about everything else that is funded in domestic spending. So we have to make sure that these two things are interconnected. And, yes, we have got to make sure that the State Department is funded and that we continue to push for a budget that keeps parity between defense and nondefense discretionary. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. DESJARLAIS ), a valuable member of our committee. 
Mr. D ESJARLAIS. Mr. Chairman, no one can deny we have a readiness issue within our military due to funding shortfalls. This comes at a time when we are facing unprecedented threats all over the globe. Our Constitution makes it clear that our top priority and duty is to provide for the common defense. In World War II, Americans willingly rationed whatever was necessary to support the war effort and our troops. It would have been unthinkable—unimaginable—for someone to suggest that our military could not have the resources necessary to defeat our enemies, unless we had equal spending for everything else. Simply put, we would have lost the war and our freedom. We cannot lose sight or take for granted our Nation’s safety and security. Without it, the rest of the discretionary budget really doesn’t matter so much. I fear America has lost its way if we live in a culture that would suggest that we can’t support our most vital obligation without equal financial representation of our other government expenditures. I urge my colleagues to give our full support to the men and women in uniform, support the underlying bill, but oppose this amendment that adds unnecessarily to our debt and further threatens our ability to keep our Nation safe for the remaining threats we face. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. JAYAPAL ). The question was taken; and the Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Washington will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . NADLER  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 6 printed in part B of House Report 115–212. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
In division A, strike section 1022 (relating to prohibition on use of funds for transfer or release of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba to the United States). 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 431, the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, my amendment will strike section 1022 of the bill that prohibits the transfer or release of prisoners from Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the United States. We are currently imprisoning 41 people at Guantanamo, 26 of whom are being detained indefinitely without charge or trial, with no proceedings, no hearings, and no opportunity to plea their case, essentially forever. Beyond existing as an affront to fundamental American values, Guantanamo is a dangerous counterproductive relic of the past. National security experts and our own military commanders agree that Guantanamo harms our national security by serving as a recruiting tool for terrorists and damaging our relationships with allies. Furthermore, it is increasingly difficult to justify the annual cost of holding each Guantanamo detainee, which is now climbing to an incredible $10 million a year per detainee. Guantanamo is now the most expensive prison on Earth, costing U.S. taxpayers approximately $445 million per year. This is especially disappointing when you consider that each prisoner in Federal maximum security penitentiaries costs only $78,000 a year. Not only does our refusal to close Guantanamo diminish our legal and ethical reputation throughout the world, it also costs American citizens astronomical sums of money for no purpose. We have made excellent progress towards reducing the numbers of prisoners, and we should continue to do so. About 35 percent of released prisoners were confirmed or suspected of returning to the battlefield during the Bush administration. But the Obama administration developed a robust framework to ensure released detainees were more closely supervised to reduce the likelihood of a return to the battlefield. The Bush administration struck diplomatic bills to repatriate large batches of prisoners to countries like Saudi Arabia and Afghanistan in bulk, and many recidivists came from those batches. By contrast, the Obama administration developed an individualized review process by six agencies to determine whether to recommend transferring a detainee. Over time, it also developed more careful diplomatic and monitoring plans with receiving countries to ease a prisoner’s reintegration into that country’s society. When the first detainees arrived at Guantanamo in January 2002, America was still reeling from the 9/11 attacks, and the war in Afghanistan had only just begun. Yet, 15 years later, it is clear that the war on terror has dragged on for too long, as we have expanded our involvement in costly clashes in Yemen, Somalia, and Syria. In doing so, we have embroiled ourselves in needless, endless conflict, without an exit strategy or a clear strategy for success. The recent vote for Congresswoman BARBARA LEE’s amendment to repeal the 2001 Authorization for Use of Military Force in the House Appropriations Committee demonstrated that Congress is finally realizing a blank check for perpetual war must be reevaluated and reconsidered. Similarly, as we reconsider the 2001 AUMF, I look forward to working together in a bipartisan manner to close the Guantanamo prison, reevaluate our approach to these detainees, and close another dark and sad chapter that has damaged our national honor. Guantanamo’s continued operation provides a momentous challenge to the founding principles of the United States, that no person may be deprived of liberty without due process of law, and certainly may not be deprived of liberty indefinitely without due process of law, and for each day that its doors remain open, it becomes increasingly difficult for our Nation to claim the moral and ethical high ground. We must close the detention facility at Guantanamo now, and this amendment will help us achieve that goal. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the Nadler amendment. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Chairman, the Nadler amendment would allow detainees currently housed at GTMO to be transferred to the United States. As in previous conflicts, it is appropriate and lawful to hold detainees that we engage in our armed conflicts. Guantanamo is the safest and most appropriate location to house these detainees. Members can visit there. It is secure and relatively distant from the United States. Moving to the U.S. puts our homeland and citizens at risk. Our enemies have, when able, attacked and, on occasion, freed detainees, even committing suicide to do it. I have seen the attempts. I have served in Iraq at a detention facility. And as far as Guantanamo being a recruitment tool, it might just be a recruitment tool, and here is why. Because if you are caught trying to kill Americans and committing acts of terrorism, you get to go to a Caribbean island that provides humane conditions for the detainees. Go visit there and you will see that. They have appropriate access to healthcare, the same healthcare that our troops get. They have recreational activities, and they have cultural and religious materials. But, more important than anything else, our troops, and the detainees that they hold there, are all safer in Cuba. It is very difficult to sneak up and attack Guantanamo Bay. The recent terrorist attacks in Europe should remind us all that there is significant risk, and that we face significant risk in this world. Yes, we wish the war on terror was over. But guess what. It is not. This would only increase the risk right here in our own backyards. Congress has passed, and the President has 
signed into law, restrictions on Guantanamo detainee transfers to the U.S. every year since fiscal year 2010. To house these terrorists, these enemies of freedom on our own land is dangerous. I ask for your support in defeating this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The CHAIR. The gentleman from New York has 1
1⁄4minutes remaining. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 15 seconds. I will simply observe that this amendment prohibits the President from transferring prisoners. Do you really think that Donald Trump, the current President, needs the prohibition that he would transfer prisoners to maximum security prisons in the United States if it weren’t safe to do so? Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. BACON ), my friend and colleague. Mr. BACON. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong opposition to this amendment. I can attest unequivocally, based on firsthand knowledge, that this latest attempt to transfer detainees at Guantanamo Bay is strategically unwise and, I believe, morally wrong. None of the arguments in favor of transferring these prisoners are defensible militarily, legally, or financially. We are in a war and these prisoners were captured on the battlefield. There is no hard evidence to support the argument that Guantanamo is a decisive recruiting tool, and is extremely naive to believe that closing it would somehow magically change the hearts and minds of our enemies. We could disarm and renounce every interest we have and they would just invent another reason to attack us. The truth is that many of these prisoners are the worst of the worst, yet they are treated better than many of our own veterans. And here is the key point: prisoners released from Guantanamo have killed Americans in the past and, if given the chance, will gladly do so again, a fact openly conceded by officials in the Obama administration itself. We do not want the blood of Americans killed by these terrorists in custody today on our hands. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, it costs the American taxpayer $10 million a year per detainee to keep a detainee in Guantanamo. To keep that same detainee in a Federal maximum security penitentiary in the United States would cost $78,000. That is a ridiculous waste of our military budget. Nobody has ever escaped from a Federal maximum security prison. b2115 Transferring these prisoners to Federal maximum security prisons in the United States would pose no danger to anybody. And yes, some of these prisoners may be the worst of the worst. Many are not. They were not all caught on the battlefield. Some of them were sold for bounties by people in different tribes or groups in Afghanistan. Some of them were not captured on battlefields at all. Some of them are innocent; some are not. But to keep them in Guantanamo for $10 million each per year with no possibility of getting out is an affront to our values. It is an affront to our liberties. It is an affront to our military budget and to our pocketbooks, and it is, frankly, plain foolish. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. STEFANIK ), my friend and colleague. Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to Mr. NADLER ’s amendment, which strikes language that prohibits the use of funds to transfer or release Guantanamo Bay detainees to the United States. As we are all aware here today, GTMO holds some of the world’s most dangerous and heinous terrorists, individuals who are responsible for and are ideologically committed to killing Americans at home and abroad. They are responsible for killing our men and women in uniform. Transferring these terrorists to the United States, where constitutional protections and immigration law may apply, puts our national security at risk and hinders our intelligencegathering ability. Today, we remain in a war against alQaida and all associated forces. It is the responsibility of Congress to do everything in our power to provide the resources and authorities to win that war, and transferring Guantanamo Bay detainees to the United States undermines these efforts. Therefore, I strongly urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ), my friend and colleague. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, I oppose the gentleman’s amendment. We have debated this issue for years now, and every year we successfully maintain the prohibition on transferring dangerous detainees out of GTMO. It is important to remember that most of the 41 remaining prisoners are very dangerous. The language in the underlying bill is required to keep the American people and our allies safe. One of the main goals of Guantanamo Bay is to keep these terrorists from returning to the battlefield. Sadly, it has become clear that some of the detainees released have returned to the field to fight the United States. We ask our servicemembers to put their lives on the line each and every day in order to keep the American people safe. How can we ask them to do that, while knowing that we are releasing cruel, brutal terrorists back to the battlefield? It would be reprehensible. I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment and protect our servicemembers and the American people. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ). The question was taken; and the Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . NADLER  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 7 printed in part B of House Report 115–212. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
In division A, strike section 1023 (prohibition on use of funds to construct or modify facilities in the United States to house detainees transferred from United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba). 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 431, the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I will not take 5 minutes. This amendment will strike section 1023 of the bill that prohibits the use of funds to construct or modify facilities in the United States for Guantanamo detainees. The provision is simply designed to further delay the transferred detainees out of Guantanamo and is unnecessary and counterproductive. The arguments for this amendment and against it are essentially the arguments for and against the previous amendment that we just went through. That amendment prohibited the use of funds to transfer prisoners. This amendment prohibits the use of funds— this provision, rather, prohibits the use of funds to construct facilities in the United States to receive such transferees. It is essentially the same pros and cons. I just want to mention, though, that yes, some of those detainees may be the worst of the worst, but they will still be detained. But some of them are not. They are people who were caught up in bounty situations where they were sold for money because we were giving a bounty if someone claimed that so and so had been in combat against us, but we didn’t really know. We now know mistakes were made. We may choose to say some of these people can go home, and others can stay in the United States. It is simply, again, a question that we shouldn’t be 
spending $10 million a person, instead of $78,000 a person, to hold them in secure facilities. The other thing that Ms. STEFANIK of New York said I must comment on, she said we are holding people in Guantanamo because if we transfer them to the United States they will enjoy the constitutional rights of prisoners in the United States, and that we don’t want to do, for whatever reason. She didn’t say. But the fact of the matter is, Guantanamo was built for that purpose because it was thought by the Bush administration initially that people held outside of the Continental United States, in Guantanamo, which is in Cuba, not the United States, would not enjoy constitutional rights, could not use the writ of habeas corpus and other things. However, a series of Supreme Court decisions said that was wrong. The prisoners held in Guantanamo Bay have the same constitutional rights as prisoners held in prisons in the Continental United States, so there is no difference on that whatsoever. You can look up the Supreme Court decisions. They are not secret. And what it comes down to is a prejudice against holding people here because of a ridiculous fear that people will escape from maximum security prisons, which no one has ever done in the United States, and we can’t hold dangerous terrorists here, and we shouldn’t release terrorists. But nobody is talking about releasing terrorists. And you can hold dangerous terrorists and dangerous mobsters, dangerous all kinds of people, in maximum security facilities in the United States. There are really two things we should do: bring them to maximum security facilities in the United States because it saves a lot of money and because it removes a major recruiting tool for our enemies abroad. And, within constitutional rights, people should have the opportunity to have a hearing. What is most offensive is not that they are at Guantanamo, as opposed to some prison in the United States, what is most offensive is that we are holding some people without any hearing, without any due process, essentially forever. And yes, we have held people as prisoners of war during the pendency of a war. But we don’t claim these people are prisoners of war. We don’t give them the rights of prisoners of war. We are just holding them. I am not sure how we are holding them, but we are holding them with no claim of any kind of due process, with no finding that they have, in fact, been terrorists in an individual case; and that is just against all American values. I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Missouri is recognized for 5 minutes. Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this irresponsible amendment that allows the construction of facilities in the U.S. to house detainees, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ We are still at war with terrorism, and the law of war affirms that detainees can properly be held off the battlefield for the duration of the hostilities. Both Republican and Democrats have repeatedly rejected bringing terrorists detained at Guantanamo Bay to the United States. It would be a negligent act to transfer highly dangerous terrorists, such as mastermind of 9/11, to U.S. soil to be housed near our neighborhoods and near our families. The gentleman said that these, they are not the worst of the worst, that some people are just, you know, caught up perhaps, and they are there. That is not true. I have been there multiple times. At this point, we only have 41 left, and they are the worst of the worst. There is no one left who you might even claim was just caught up and accidentally arrested. That is false. Like I said, I have visited multiple times to see firsthand the threats facing our country, and the detention procedures carried out at that facility. It does not make sense to build a new facility to spend our precious defense dollars here to house terrorists when we already have adequate, very safe facilities at Guantanamo where they are being treated humanely. It is legal and transparent. It is a remote location. It is away from the battlefield and away from our loved ones. So I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no,’’ and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO). Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chairman, you will hear, and you have already heard, in favor of the Nadler amendment, such as GTMO is contrary to American values; detainees can be held safely at less cost in the U.S. prisons, and GTMO is a recruiting tool for terrorists. Points against the Nadler amendment: the number one task of the Federal Government is to provide for the common defense and security of the United States of America and American citizens. Americans are safer with detainees in Guantanamo versus the homeland. GTMO is the safest and most appropriate location to hold detainees. It is appropriate and lawful to hold detainees until all alQaida and associate forces are defeated. The law for war detainees, including GTMO detainees, states that they cannot be commingled with Federal prisoners, thus requiring separate facilities costing hundreds of millions of dollars. Evidence of the use of Guantanamo as a recruiting or propaganda tool is conjecture, subjective, and inconclusive. Terrorists will continue to attack whether GTMO exists or not. Terrorists will invent any excuse to attract new recruits. I will not support this. Mr. NADLER. I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. KELLY ), my friend and colleague. Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. Earlier this year, I had the opportunity to travel with Chairwoman HARTZLER to Guantanamo Bay to see firsthand the important work our military men and women stationed there are doing for our national security. As representatives of the people, we have been given a duty by the American people to provide for our common defense, and that includes appropriately detaining suspected terrorists. According to the March 2017 Director of National Intelligence report, it estimated 29 percent of former GTMO detainees are confirmed, 17 percent of those, or suspected, 12 percent, of re engaging in terrorist or insurgent activities. The ones we hold now are the 41 worst of the worst, including KSM, and we cannot allow them back onto the battlefields. These people do not need to be housed on U.S. soil. GTMO is the most appropriate and safest place to hold these detainees. They live better than I lived both of my tours in Iraq in 2005 and 2009 and 2010. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. WILSON ). Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I thank Congresswoman HARTZLER for her leadership, and I thank her for this opportunity to speak on this misguided amendment. I have visited Guantanamo Bay twice, and I know firsthand the detainees at Guantanamo Bay are the worst of the worst, terrorists who are conspirators of Osama bin Laden, trained mass murderers, and extremists who have a sole intention of killing Americans. We have also seen that releasing terrorists from Guantanamo puts American families at risk. In a report last year, the Director of National Intelligence from the prior administration was clear that at least 116 detainees, nearly onethird, released from Guantanamo have returned to the battlefield to kill American families. As we have seen from the proliferation of terrorists around the world, from Algeria and North Africa, through the Middle East, across to South Asia and the Philippines, the deterrence of incarceration at Guantanamo Bay has never been more important. I urge all of my colleagues to reject this amendment. 
Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Chairman, I have no additional speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time to close. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The CHAIR. The gentleman from New York has 1 minute remaining. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, first of all, no one is proposing to release these people, although some probably should be released, but no one is proposing that, so take that red herring off the table. Second of all, I, too, have visited Guantanamo, and I don’t know how you tell by visiting Guantanamo that these prisoners are the worst of the worst, or not, just by looking at them. Thirdly, again, they have the same constitutional rights there as here, so you are not changing anything. And bringing them to maximum security facilities in the United States, while it may cost some money if you had to increase the facilities first, instead of spending $445 million, or $10 million a detainee, you would be spending $78,000 a detainee, which would free up your military budget, part of it, for other things. There is simply no rational reason for keeping these people in a military base in Guantanamo which simply serves as a recruiting tool and a measuring rod for our enemies abroad. So again, I urge the adoption of this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. b2130 Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have? The CHAIR. The gentlewoman has 1 minute remaining. Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment. It is not a wise use of our tax dollars to build new facilities here like the gentleman wants to do to detain terrorists when we already have adequate facilities that are doing a great job right now at Guantanamo Bay. We need to keep our terrorists there, away from our families, away from our communities. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to reject this amendment and to vote ‘‘no,’’ and I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ). The amendment was rejected. 
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 8 printed in part B of House Report 115–212. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 505, line 21, strike ‘‘The’’ and insert ‘‘Subject to the limitation in subsection (c), the’’. Page 506, after line 14, insert the following new subsection: (c) LIMITATION .—The program of record in subsection (a) shall not be established, and none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2018 for this section may be obligated or expended, until— (1) the Secretary of Defense certifies to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives that— (A) a Nuclear Posture Review has been completed after January 20, 2017; (B) a groundlaunched intermediaterange missile is the preferred military system, in terms of cost, capability, and command, control, and communications arrangements, for ensuring that the North Atlantic Treaty Organization’s overall deterrence and defense posture remains credible, flexible, resilient, and adaptable in the face of a deployed Russian groundlaunched intermediaterange missile; and (C) a groundlaunched intermediaterange missile is the preferred military system for maintaining strategic stability with the Russian Federation at reasonable cost, while hedging against potential technical problems or vulnerabilities; and (2) the Secretary of State certifies to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives that— (A) the program of record established in subsection (a), and the expenditure of funds to research or develop such a ground launched intermediaterange missile, is necessary to the Secretary of State’s efforts to verifiably return Russia to full compliance with the INF Treaty; (B) at least one NATO Member State government, within a range appropriate to provide counterforce capabilities to prevent intermediaterange groundlaunched missile attacks against any NATO Party or to provide countervailing strike capabilities to enhance the forces of the United States or allies of the United States, has completed the necessary legal and constitutional requirements for an agreement to host a ground launched intermediaterange missile; and (C) the North Atlantic Council has endorsed the deployment of a groundlaunched intermediaterange missile. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 431, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chair, my amendment deletes language in this bill that would mandate a program of record, green lighting this proposal for roadmobile, groundlaunched cruise missiles with ranges that, if tested or deployed, would violate the United States’ obligations under the IntermediateRange Nuclear Forces Treaty. For more than four decades, the United States and Russia have worked through bilateral agreements to reduce their nuclear weapons stockpiles, saving money, and making the world safer. Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush were at the forefront of this effort with the START 1 and START II treaties. There is a longstanding precedent of carefully negotiating these treaties in a bipartisan fashion because these leaders knew that a world with less of these weapons meant a safer world for all of us. Yet over the last several years, our nuclear weapons proliferation has continued on autopilot. Right now we are on track to spend $1.2 trillion on unneeded nuclear weapons. In fact, the Pentagon has concluded that already the United States’ security needs could be met with onethird fewer strategic warheads deployed than New START limits of 1,550. We can and should safely rightsize the arsenal as envisioned by Ronald Reagan and the first President Bush. That is why these treaties are so important. They hold us and our adversaries accountable. We see some confusing signals from the administration, at times appearing to favor nuclear escalation, but at the same time being deeply concerned about managing costs. President Trump has demonstrated a lack of clear understanding of these treaties, but even his administration is fearful that the language undermining the treaty in this bill ‘‘unhelpfully ties them to a specific missile system.’’ Congress should be playing a lead role in getting us back on track with smarter defense spending, not working to abandon this nuclear nonproliferation legacy that Ronald Reagan and Bush, Sr., fought so hard for. We can’t simply fund every weapons program on the list while fulfilling other critical obligations like providing for our military personnel, ensuring we have adequate cybersecurity protections, strengthening our command and control infrastructure, not to mention our nonDefense Department programs like foreign assistance and diplomacy. We have a poor track record when it comes to carefully managing and budgeting implementation of our weapons programs. The House continues this poor record now. Why would we establish a program of record for something that our military, our diplomats, and our NATO allies haven’t asked for? Rather than rushing to adopt this program and abandoning a key international treaty in the process, let’s think this through. Let’s do our homework to make sure our allies, the Departments of Defense and State are all on the same page, and develop a coherent approach to bring Russia back into compliance, rather than throw money at yet another unnecessary weapons program and undercut that regime. This takes our eye off the ball and could have unintended and, I think in some instances, devastating consequences. Mr. Chair, I strongly urge my colleagues to vote in support of this amendment for smarter defense spending and the protection of a landmark treaty that is part of the legacy of Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman, Mr. BLUMENAUER , for his amendment, although I urge its defeat. I start off with pointing out that both the Obama administration and the Trump administration have decided the fact that Russia is in violation of the INF Treaty, and neither of those administrations have indicated any belief that Russia will come back into compliance. But having said that, I want to say I am troubled that the gentleman would want to provide a veto on the development of a system that hasn’t been developed, much less deployed. The gentleman is worried about deployment of a system that we still don’t have developed yet. And hopefully it won’t be deployed when it is completed. That is really the function of whether Russia comes back into compliance. General Selva, the vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, testified before the HASC in March: ‘‘They do not intend to return to compliance absent some pressure from the international community and the United States as a cosigner of that same agreement. There is no trajectory in what they are doing that would indicate otherwise.’’ The development of this system that we are talking about here today is that very pressure that General Selva was referencing. This kind of development got the Russians to the table on the INF Treaty anyway, but they are violating the treaty. And that doesn’t just matter to Europe. It matters to Asia, which is completely ignored by the gentleman’s amendment. And Asia matters on INF. Why? Because 95 percent of China’s missiles are in INF range. The commander of PACOM has testified that he has requirements for intermediaterange missile capability in Asia, ‘‘the aspects of the INF Treaty that limit our ability to counter Chinese and other countries’ landbased missiles, I think is problematic. ‘‘ We didn’t conjure the idea of a groundlaunched cruise missile out of thin air. The U.S. Army reported that introducing intermediaterange groundlaunched missiles into the land domain provides military value across the range of the joint military operations and provides a landbased counter to our adversaries’ antiaccess area denial capabilities. This report was required by the HASC last year as a part of our multiyear oversight on how to respond to Russia’s violations of the INF Treaty, which the prior administration did nothing to challenge. I appreciate the gentleman’s interest. I will gladly work with him on ways to counter Russia’s violations of the treaty, but I must urge defeat of this well intentioned but poorly conceived amendment. Mr. Chair, I urge support of the bipartisan approach taken by the House Armed Services Committee in sections 1244 and 1245, and I urge a vote ‘‘no’’ on the Blumenauer amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chair, may I inquire as to the amount of time I have remaining? The CHAIR. The gentleman from Oregon has 1 minute remaining. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chair, the question is how to get Russia into compliance. Walking away from our obligations? I think not. The amendment allows going ahead if the Department of Defense certifies to Congress that it has completed a new nuclear posture review to make sure this program fits in the overall strategy; that it certifies that it prefers this program to ensure that NATO’s overall deterrence and defense posture remains credible; that the Department of Defense certified it prefers this missile for maintaining strategic stability; that State certifies the program of record is necessary to help verifiably return Russia to compliance; that at least one NATO member state has proven it is serious about hosting the missile; and State certifies that the full Atlantic Council has endorsed deployment of this missile. Those are the conditions in the amendment, and I would think they are reasonable conditions that the gentleman should not object to. If he truly believes in the merit of his argument, there is no reason that that cannot be complied with. And if not, it should not proceed. The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair, again, I want to remind the gentleman that nobody has indicated that Russia has any intention—they see no signs that Russia has any intention of coming back into compliance. I think this is poorly thought out. We need to go forward and not be giving vetoes to other people about what weapon systems we can start developing. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ). The question was taken; and the Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oregon will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . WILSON OF  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 9 printed in part B of House Report 115–212. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add the following new section: 
SEC._12l. RESTRICTION ON FUNDING FOR THE PREPARATORY COMMISSION FOR THE COMPREHENSIVE NUCLEAR TESTBAN TREATY ORGANIZATION. 
(a) S TATEMENT OF POLICY .—Congress declares that United Nations Security Council Resolution 2310 (September 23, 2016) does not obligate the United States nor does it impose an obligation on the United States to refrain from actions that would run counter to the object and purpose of the Comprehensive NuclearTestBan Treaty. (b) RESTRICTION ON FUNDING .— (1) IN GENERAL .—No United States funds may be made available to the Preparatory Commission for the Comprehensive Nuclear TestBan Treaty Organization. (2) EXCEPTION .—The restriction under paragraph (1) shall not apply with respect to the availability of United States funds for the Comprehensive NuclearTestBan Treaty Organization’s International Monitoring System. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 431, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. WILSON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank the Chair for the opportunity to speak on the amendment to restrict the funding from the Comprehensive NuclearTestBan Treaty Organization while still providing funds for the international monitoring system. The purpose is simple. Congress never ratified the Comprehensive NuclearTestBan Treaty. It is irresponsible to the taxpayer and contradictory for the United States to financially support an organization that the United States has never officially joined or contributed funds for a treaty that was never enacted. The amendment clearly continues to fund the international monitoring system to improve our global and nuclear detection capability, and returns us to the longstanding responsible policies from President George W. Bush’s administration. This amendment makes it clear that protecting American families is the job of Congress, not an unaccountable international body. As we see a rise in threats around the world, our nuclear deterrence capability is crucial to promote our ability to preserve peace. It is also important that the United States does not require adherence to this treaty in order to continue our selfimposed moratorium on testing nuclear weapons of any size or of any kind. However, as we live in a world of increasing threats, we should not bind the United States to an agreement that other nuclear powers like China and Russia do not adhere to. The Comprehensive NuclearTest Ban Treaty has never been enacted so there is no change in policy or outcome by supporting this amendment, just a saving of taxpayers’ dollars. 
Mr. Chair, I urge passage of this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Illinois is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. As the only physicist in the U.S. Congress, I feel a special responsibility to speak out on the importance of strengthening our global nuclear security architecture. At a time when it is more important than ever for the security of the United States to reinforce international norms against nuclear testing, we are here debating an amendment that would restrict the ability of a key international institution to monitor nuclear weapons, and, in fact, is designed to undercut prospects for either eventual ratification or even continued adherence to the Comprehensive NuclearTestBan Treaty. The Comprehensive NuclearTest Ban Treaty Organization Preparatory Commission is tasked with establishing a verification regime to monitor compliance with the comprehensive ban on nuclear explosive testing. If enacted, this amendment would send the wrong signal to the world, deliberately risking an opening for the resumption of unrestricted nuclear testing by many nations on Earth, which would be a national security disaster for the United States. b2145 During the debate on the Iran nuclear agreement, I received more than a dozen classified briefings, many of them individual classified briefings by our weapons experts who supported the negotiating team. At that time, I spent a lot of time putting myself in the place of a terrorist or proliferating nation, and I came to understand the overwhelming technical advantage that the United States possesses today over both other nuclear states, and any potential proliferation state, because we conducted more than 1,000 nuclear tests from 1945 to 1992, more than all other countries on Earth combined. Many of those tests were extensively instrumented and have provided us with the ability to accurately computer model and evaluate the performance of nuclear weapons without the risk to safety and to the environment. This is why no official of the Department of Energy, Department of Defense, or any other of our nuclear laboratories have ever called for a resumption of nuclear testing or an unsigning or deprecation of the CTBT, because the moment that other nations begin or resume testing, we lose that crucial advantage. It seems very odd to me that my Republican colleagues would want other nuclear or nonnuclear states to obtain intellectual property and parity in this matter. Although under this amendment the direct funding for the international monitoring system would nominally remain unscathed, it is difficult to imagine that a significant reduction in U.S. technical and financial support to the CTBTO would not adversely affect the organization’s ability to maintain and operate any nuclear monitoring system. The proposed amendment also seeks to undermine the United States’ obligation as a signatory not to conduct nuclear test explosions. If the United States unilaterally declares itself exempt, then other countries are very likely to do the same. In addition, contrary to what the amendment implies, U.N. Security Council Resolution 2310, does not impose any new obligations on the United States. Nothing is mandatory in the U.N. resolution. But repudiating support for the resolution could trigger bad faith in other nations around the world and reduce U.S. legitimacy and leverage that ensures other countries do not test nuclear weapons. So we should not signal any intention that the United States encourages a return to a more hostile nuclear environment, an environment in which the United States does not condemn nuclear weapons testing but, rather, gives away our position as a country that seeks peace and prosperity for our future. We have an opportunity to turn political rhetoric into concrete action to curb the global proliferation of nuclear weapons and secure the safety of future generations. From a national security point of view, we must acknowledge that the CTBT locks in an enormous competitive advantage for the United States, one that would be a huge mistake to begin throwing away. Although the CTBT failed to be ratified by a handful of votes the first time it came up in 1999, as George Shultz, the Secretary of State under President Reagan said: ‘‘You can say that a Senator might have been right to vote against the CTBT when it was first put forward’’—in 1999—‘‘and right to vote for it now. Why? Because things have changed.’’ And what he meant by that is that stockpiled stewardship works, and that the detection system, both that is maintained by the United States and by the world communities by the CTBTO works as well. Short of ratification, the U.S. support for the CTBTO Preparatory Commission remains essential. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the Wilson amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. ROGERS ). Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for offering this important amendment. This is a simple and straightforward amendment that would help us set priorities in spending taxpayer dollars in a small but meaningful way. The U.S. signed the Comprehensive Nuclear TestBan Treaty, back in 1996, but the Senate voted against that ratification in 1999. We are talking about two decades ago. In the meantime, the U.S. has abided by a unilateral pledge to refrain from nuclear explosive tests of any size or kind, but other nations, including Russia and China, have not. They continue to conduct very lowyield nuclear tests that the U.S. does not. Why? Two reasons: one, the CTBT has not entered into force, and the CTBT doesn’t even define what it bans. So while we keep a very stringent policy against testing, other nuclear powers do not. Twenty years later, it is time to ask ourselves why we continue to fund the organization for a treaty that is not going anywhere. This amendment wisely funds the International Monitoring System which provides us some benefits but prohibits the approximately $2 million in payments to the CTBT organization itself that is included in the FY18 budget request for the State Department. Let’s set this small commonsense priority and let’s reinforce the Obama administration’s own position that the U.N. resolution from last year is not legally binding on the United States. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Chairman, to me, this is, again, clearly an amendment which is in coordination with the Senate initiative by Senator TOMCOTTON of Arkansas that clearly continues the funding of the International Monitoring System to improve our global nuclear detection capability and returns us to the longstanding policies from President George W. Bush’s administration. The amendment is clear. Protecting American families is the job of Congress, not an unaccountable, international body. As we see a rise—as I have stated in the past—in threats around the world, our nuclear deterrence capability is crucial to promote our ability to preserve peace. Mr. Chair, I urge the approval of the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. WILSON ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . AGUILAR  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 10 printed in part B of House Report 115–212. Mr. AGUILAR. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XVI, add the following new section: 
SEC. 1673. MODIFICATION TO CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE REVIEW OF COST ESTIMATES FOR NUCLEAR WEAPONS. 
Paragraph (1)(A) of section 1043(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1576), as most recently amended by section 1643 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act 
for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3650), is further amended by striking ‘‘10year period’’ and inserting ‘‘30year period’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 431, the gentleman from California (Mr. AGUILAR ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. AGUILAR. Mr. Chair, for decades, our Nation’s nuclear weapons and triad have provided us with strategic deterrence against nuclear war and the existential threat it represents. And as is often said, it is essential that these weapons and delivery systems be safe, secure, and reliable. However, the age of our forces is a major concern. Currently, our nuclear capable bomber fleet contains 76 B–52s with the first models entering service over 50 years ago and continuing to fly only after numerous modernization efforts. Our Ohio class submarines’ lifespan, which were originally 30 years, have been extended to 42 years with the end of the 42year lifespan approaching in 2027. The first Minuteman III ICBMs were deployed 40 years ago. With the provocative actions of North Korea and the increase in nuclear weapon activities taking place around the world, a credible nuclear deterrent is vital to national security of the United States. But, over the past few years, there has been a good amount of debate as to how much this modernization process will cost. Over the next 30 years, not only will all three legs of our nuclear triad, our bombers, ICBMs, and missile submarines have to be replaced, a sustainment and modernization program for our nuclear bombs and warheads will be taking place at the same time as well. The Congressional Budget Office currently produces a projected cost of nuclear weapons report annually. However, it only covers 10 fiscal years into the future. My concern is that the CBO’s current 10year timeframe does not encompass the later outyear costs, including the late 2020s, and early 2030s, when costs are projected by many to increase significantly. My amendment would modify section 1643 of the fiscal year 2015 NDAA, the CBO review of cost estimates of nuclear weapons and nuclear weapon delivery systems, to make the timeframe 30 years instead of 10 years, Mr. Chairman. I brought this issue up last year when I served on the House Armed Services Committee, and earlier this year Ranking Member SMITH and Ranking Member VISCLOSKY wrote a letter to the CBO expressing their interest in an assessment of the sustainment and modernization costs associated with the triad for the next 30 years. The New York Times reports that the CBO 30 year estimate, which is due to be released later this year, will put costs at more than $1.2 trillion. With a resurgent Russia, a rising China, and destabilized Middle East, there is little evidence that the demands of our conventional forces will decrease. That is why it is imperative that we have proper accounting for our 30year nuclear modernization process if we are to adequately plan for future conventional and nuclear investments and provide proper oversight. Now, some of my colleagues will say that a 30year cost estimate isn’t worth the paper that it is written on; that they would depict a time period far too much into the future to obtain a realistic estimate. But that isn’t the case. Why do we have an FY17 Annual Long range Plan for the Construction of Naval Vessels, which not only contains an estimated 30year funding requirement spanning the 30year timeframe, but also this was produced by DOD for a cost of $395,000 to produce. We have a 30year cost estimate for the Navy, but not for our strategic deterrence. I will close by mentioning, one of our nuclear gravity bombs is an example of why we need a permanent 30year estimate. According to GAO, one cost estimate produced by NNSA’s Office of Cost Estimating points out that it could cost $2.6 billion more than previous estimates to complete the B61–12 Life Extension Program. But the original baseline was from NNSA’s fiscal year 2017 Stockpile Stewardship and Management Plan. If Congress hopes to provide proper oversight of these modernization efforts, we must have uptodate estimates that accurately reflect any updates and changes that impact our nuclear bombs, warheads, and delivery systems. That is why I wish to make the time period for CBO’s estimate 30 years instead of 10 years. These are important investments to make in our national security and a responsible way to better understand the cost. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition. The CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair, my friend from California is correct about one thing: I will say a 30year cost estimate is not worth the paper it is written on. I oppose this amendment, just as I opposed a similar amendment by my friend from California, number 12. I submitted amendment No. 88 that we will consider shortly. My amendment was a hopeful compromise with my colleagues from California, who are offering amendment Nos. 10 and 12 on this same issue. Unfortunately, we have not been able to reach a compromise, so we will put them all before our colleagues here on the floor for consideration. The bottom line is that my colleagues are asking DOD and CBO to create a 25 and 30year cost estimate for how much our nuclear forces cost. That would triple the current requirement of 10year cost estimates. Unfortunately, these type of multidecade cost estimates won’t be worth the paper they are written on. As evidence for that, Assistant Secretary of Defense Tom Hopkins, who would be responsible for creating the DOD report, has called a 25year report on this ‘‘burdensome.’’ He explained it to us this way during a hearing: ‘‘Right now we submit a 10year report that does have programs and cost on it. . . . As you would expect, looking out that far, 25 years, the credibility of the numbers would be very, very suspect. ...  ‘‘Forecasting DOD costs over a 25 year period with any useful accuracy is extremely difficult given the challenges of predicting developments in the international security environment and ongoing technological advancements.’’ The Armed Services Committee and this House have considered these types of 30year cost estimate amendments for DOD or CBO in the NDAAs for the last 5 years. Each time, for 5 years in a row, these amendments have been defeated. That is because these types of amendments would not result in good, effective oversight and transparency. It would result in false and unreliable data entering the public debate. If any of my colleagues are interested in a reasonable, commonsense way to try and shed a little more light on these very longterm plans and costs, I encourage them to vote for my amendment No. 88. My amendment allows the Secretary of Defense to provide for information beyond 10 years if he thinks it is accurate and would be useful in understanding the nuclear modernization programs. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this current amendment and ‘‘yes’’ on my amendment No. 88, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. AGUILAR. Mr. Chairman, if anything, my former chairman, when I was on Armed Services, is consistent. He is right. He has continued to oppose this amendment in the past. But what I ask is: Why not have a 30 year estimate? We have one for the Navy. We have one for other programs. If these reports truly aren’t worth the paper that they are written on, then why commission this report? It is almost $400,000 in taxpayer costs. b2200 The taxpayers deserve, and we deserve, to provide oversight over these costs. If Congress hopes to provide the oversight for modernizing these efforts, we need these uptodate reports that accurately reflect these updates and changes to bombs, warheads, and delivery systems. I hope that the chairman would agree with me there. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chairman, I would say that the Navy provides 30year cost estimates because Congress made them, and the Navy 
doesn’t want to do it, and they don’t think they are reliable. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. AGUILAR ). The question was taken; and the Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. AGUILAR. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 11 printed in part B of House Report 115–212. 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MR . GARAMENDI  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 12 printed in part B of House Report 115–212. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XVI, add the following new section: 
SEC. 1673. IMPROVEMENT TO ANNUAL REPORT ON THE PLAN FOR THE NUCLEAR WEAPONS STOCKPILE, NUCLEAR WEAPONS COMPLEX, NUCLEAR WEAPONS DELIVERY SYSTEMS, AND NUCLEAR WEAPONS COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM. 
Subsection (a)(2) of section 1043 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1576), as most recently amended by section 1643 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3650), is further amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (F) and (G) as subparagraphs (G) and (H), respectively; (2) by inserting after subparagraph (E) the following new subparagraph (F): ‘‘(F) A detailed description of the plan, as applicable, to sustain, lifeextend, modernize, or replace the nuclear weapons and bombs in the nuclear weapons stockpile.’’; and (3) in subparagraph (G), as redesignated by paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (A) through (E)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraphs (A) through (F)’’; (B) by striking ‘‘10year’’ and inserting ‘‘25 year’’; (C) by striking ‘‘military construction,’’ and inserting ‘‘construction’’; and (D) by inserting ‘‘and the Department of Energy’’ before the period at the end. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 431, the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, every year Congress receives a very important and very helpful report regarding our nuclear weapons enterprise. It is sometimes referred to as the 1043 Report because it is mandated by section 1043 of the NDAA for Fiscal Year 2012. It requires the Department of Defense, in cooperation with the Department of Energy, to submit a detailed 10year plan and budget estimate for our nuclear weapons enterprise, that is, the bombs, the weapons themselves, the command and control, the national lab infrastructure, the delivery systems, et cetera, et cetera. That report is then reviewed by the Government Accountability Office for completeness and accuracy. Finally, the Congressional Budget Office then reviews it and submits an independent report. Terrific, all good, we all agree that it is a good thing. I know that the chairman of the subcommittee wanted that to happen, and indeed we do have it. This amendment simply deals with the reality that this is not a 10year program. This is a program that will go on for at least the next 25, probably the next 30 years, with extraordinary costs that actually occur beyond the 10year time horizon. Therefore, it is important that the United States, as we get into this longterm effort to recapitalize our entire nuclear arsenal, that we encounter today and take into account today the most expensive years that will occur beyond the 10year horizon. This amendment that I am proposing simply requires that the Department of Defense and the Department of Energy consider a 25year time horizon for the 1043 Report. We really do need to know, and, in fact, we have some of that information today. The Department of Energy, that is in the National Nuclear Security Administration, does do a 25year report, and they apparently think it is accurate enough to present to the committees here. The Department of Defense provides the equipment, the means for delivering the bombs, that is the submarines, the various ballistic and intercontinental ballistic missiles, the groundbased ballistic missiles, the new bombers, and, quite possibly, new longrange strike LRSO. So let’s find out. Let’s consider that. The reason we need to consider it is that it is a pile of money, well over $1 trillion that we will be spending in the next 25 years. This is not just my words but if one were to consider the people who deal with this on a regular basis; for example, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, Mr. Kendall, on April 14, 2015, said that we have a problem with recapitalizing the strategic deterrent. We do have a huge affordability problem with that basket of systems. So it is a problem that we are going to have to face up to. Well, who is we? We is us. We are going to have to figure out how to pay for all this, and we are going to have to make some tough choices. So this is simply a matter of trying to figure out how we can get detailed information. I know that our esteemed chairman for whom I have tremendous regard has a little different view, and when he picks up his amendment, I will speak to that. In the meantime, I would ask everybody to support this wise amendment so that we actually have good information upon which to make some decisions today that will then be paid for in the next 15 to 25 years. That is what this amendment is. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. LAMALFA ). The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I reluctantly oppose this amendment from my friend and colleague from California. He is a very serious, thoughtful, and clearly articulate Member, but it is for the same reasons that I just outlined with Mr. AGUILAR ’s amendment. I will keep this brief because we just talked about this. But going down this path for a 25 or 30year cost estimate for nuclear weapons is a bad idea and would result in bad data. The Acting Assistant Secretary of Defense in the Obama administration who is still in the Trump administration doesn’t think it is a good idea either. The HASC and the House have considered this 30year cost estimate for the last 5 years in a row, and each time it has been rejected. This amendment would not result in good, effective oversight and transparency. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to consider voting for my reasonable, commonsense amendment when we get to it, amendment No. 88. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment and ‘‘yes’’ on Rogers 88. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, may I ask how much time I have remaining. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, this is a commonsense amendment. I have great esteem for the chairman, but I really don’t think we ought to be mushrooms. I don’t think we ought to be kept in the dark. We really are in the process here of making decisions today to spend a vast amount of money not just in the next 10 years—and we do have estimates of what that would cost—but in the outyears. Those outyears, we know from information that has been delivered to us, that it will be a bow wave—to use the military term—of extraordinary dollars, well into the hundreds of billions of dollars that would be spent in the outyears beyond the 10 years. We need to know today because that will bite into the money that we have available for all of the other things that we must do for our national defense. Mr. Chairman, I would ask for an ‘‘aye’’ vote on this commonsense amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chairman, I agree with the gentleman. We don’t want to be mushrooms, but we also don’t want bad data. So I would urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this and urge people to support Rogers amendment No. 88, which will allow the Secretary to go beyond 10 years to 25 or 30 if the Secretary believes it would yield valuable data. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 13 printed in part B of House Report 115–212. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title XVI, add the following new section: 
SEC. 16ll. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR LONGRANGE STANDOFF WEAPON. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, in any fiscal year, the Secretary of Defense may not obligate or expend more than $95,600,000 on development of the longrange standoff weapon or any other nuclearcapable airlaunched cruise missile, and the Secretary of Energy may not obligate or expend more than $220,253,000 on the life extension program for the W804 warhead, until the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the heads of other relevant Federal agencies, submits to the appropriate congressional committees a Nuclear Posture Review that includes a detailed and specific assessment of the following: (1) The anticipated capabilities of the long range standoff weapon to hold targets at risk beyond other already existing and planned nuclearcapable delivery systems. (2) The anticipated ability of the long range standoff weapon to elude adversary integrated air and missile defenses compared to the B21 bomber. (3) The anticipated effect of the longrange standoff weapon on strategic stability relative to other nucleararmed countries. (4) The anticipated effect of the longrange standoff weapon on the offensive nuclear weapons capabilities and programs of other nucleararmed countries. (5) The anticipated effect of the longrange standoff weapon on the response of other nucleararmed countries to proposals to decrease or halt the growth of their nuclear stockpiles. (6) The anticipated effect of the longrange standoff weapon on the threshold for the use of nuclear weapons. (b) FORM.—The Nuclear Posture Review required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. (c) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 431, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 3 minutes. Mr. Chairman, it is time to insert fiscal sanity into our nuclear weapons planning. We are set to spend $400 billion over the next decade and $1.2 trillion over the next 30 years to recapitalize our entire nuclear arsenal. This nuclear escalation will build a force far exceeding what the Pentagon and security experts have said is necessary to deter a nuclear threat. A stronger nuclear program is not going to help us deal with the strategic challenges we face today, like the fight the against Islamic State, but it will result in having to crowd out Army, Navy, and Air Force conventional priorities. We need to revisit the strategy. We are here in Congress to make hard decisions about how to spend taxpayer dollars. The Pentagon should provide longterm cost reports and tell us what certain weapons will actually add to our existing capacity. My amendment deals with one particular outrageous piece of this unsustainable escalation: the long range standoff weapon, or the LRSO. Now, this weapon is projected to cost $20 billion to $30 billion. This amendment would lock the LRSO funding at fiscal year 2017 levels until the administration submits a Nuclear Posture Review to Congress that includes a detailed assessment of why we need this weapon. It wouldn’t prevent it. It would just keep the funding at the current level until they can tell us why we need it. Until the administration carefully examines the utility of the LRSO, why should we rush its development? After all, the father of this device, former Secretary of Defense Bill Perry, has argued there is scant justification for spending tens of billions of dollars on that weapon. General Mattis has stated numerous times that he is not sold on the LRSO. We shouldn’t risk making tens of billions of dollars in commitments like this with potential failure to follow through all while forfeiting other critical priorities. Before we continue this nuclear escalation on autopilot, let’s make sure. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to this amendment. The CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I strongly oppose this amendment, but it is not just me. The Armed Services Committee considered nearly the same amendment during markup, and it was soundly defeated. It is not just the committee that opposed this amendment. It is also our country’s seniormost military officers. They repeatedly described the urgent need for the LRSO and the declining reliability of the NACMs. They have testified before our committee in March on this exact issue. Here is the Nation’s second highest ranking military officer, the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Selva: 
ALCMs were designed and built in the 1970s with a 10year lifespan. We know today they remain relevant, but we can’t continue to maintain them. A decade from now, those weapons will not be able to penetrate Russian air defenses, and therefore there is an urgency for their replacement. 
In the same year, STRATCOM Commander General Hyten said: 
The LRSO is the first missile system developed in unison with a nuclear warhead in mind for many decades. Limiting resources or funding of either component will disrupt the entire concepttocapability timeline. 
Here is President Obama’s Assistant Secretary of Defense, Bob Scher, testifying before my committee last year: 
The Obama administration’s decision to field a modern ALCM replacement is essential to maintain the ALCM’s unique contribution to stable and effective deterrence. 
Finally, let me briefly address this nonsense argument that LRSO is destabilizing. Here is President Obama’s Under Secretary of State for Arms Control Rose Gottemoeller testifying before the Senate last year: 
First, the LRSO is consistent with our arms control commitments and President Obama’s Prague agenda. Second, the LRSO supports strategic stability and does not undermine it. Third, it is important in the eyes of our allies. There is no evidence that the LRSO or our nuclear modernization program are prompting an actionreaction cycle or catalyzing these arms races. The LRSO is valuable in maintaining strategic stability. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Washington (Mr. Smith), who is the ranking member. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I just want to make two quick points, first to the point Mr. BLUMENAUER made about how we are planning on recapitalizing our entire nuclear arsenal. Now, we have had a robust debate about how much that is going to cost over 10, 25, 30 years. I have some sympathy for the argument that Mr. ROGERSmade. It is going to be very difficult to estimate how much it is going to cost over 25 or 30 years. 
But I do know that if we are talking about recapitalizing our entire nuclear arsenal, all of the submarines, all of the ICBMs, a new bomber, it is going to cost a lot. I don’t know if it is $1.2 trillion or $2 trillion. Whatever it is, it is going to be enormously expensive. b2215 At a time when we face a multiplicity of threats from Russia, North Korea, and where missile defense is critical, I do not believe this is the best investment of our money to get caught up in the Cold War, in the battle against Russia and their nuclear weapons, and making sure we can counter every possible scenario. It is not an efficient use of money. This amendment is but one piece of it to say let’s take a step back and see if this is the best place to spend the money. Maybe it would be better to spend it on cybersecurity. Maybe it would be better to spend it on missile defense. There are a whole lot of other places I think that are better than trapping ourselves in these nuclear scenarios that require us to build an unbelievably expensive nuclear arsenal. Secondly, I will disagree with Mr. ROGERS on one point: the more you build nuclear weapons, the more the other side tends to build nuclear weapons. I cannot agree that this is not going to potentially lead to an escalation. In fact, the reason we are so hellbent on building the LRSO and all of these others is because we are concerned about what Russia and China are doing. That is how it works. It does have that destabilizing effect. I don’t think this is the best place for us to spend our defense dollars. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chairman, I was quoting Rose Gottemoeller from the Obama administration, saying that it was not going to perpetuate this cycle. Mr. Chair, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Ms. CHENEY ), my friend and an outstanding member of the Armed Services Committee. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Chairman, it is surprising to sit here and hear arguments that we have been hearing really for the last almost 70 years now, the notion that the reason that our adversaries build nuclear weapons is because we are building nuclear weapons, or the notion that we all are building nuclear weapons for the same purposes. The North Koreans are building nuclear weapons in order to threaten us. They are building nuclear weapons, potentially, in order to hold us hostage. They are building nuclear weapons against which we must deter. The notion that if we advance our capabilities, the notion that if we produce the LRSO we are going to be in a position where we are encouraging the other side is just simply a flawed understanding. We already have a situation where our adversaries are modernizing their dual capable cruise missiles. They don’t think these things are destabilizing. We shouldn’t argue that they are for us, as well. In addition, the LRSO plays a hugely important deterrent role. It imposes important and real costs on any potential adversary. It forces them, in addition to modernizing their nuclear arsenals, to modernize their air defense arsenals. It is hugely important that we proceed. It is hugely important that we modernize. I agree it is a very expensive undertaking, but I would urge my colleagues to defeat this amendment and remember that the single most expensive thing we can do would be to fail to defend ourselves. The single most expensive thing we can do would be to encourage an adversary to attack us because they think they can overtake us or overcome our capabilities. I think it is important that we not go down the path of unilateral disarmament and that we do everything we can to continue to modernize at a very rapid pace, to speed up the pace at which we are modernizing. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chairman, I am stunned to think that this is somehow the equivalent of unilateral disarmament. The amendment says that the funding level for this new program would remain at the current fiscal year level until the administration submits a nuclear posture review to Congress that indicates a detailed assessment of why we need the weapon. If what the gentleman says is true— and I get mixed signals from the Secretary—then they can easily do that. They are not cut off. It has nothing to do with unilateral disarmament. We have more than enough nuclear weapons to destroy these countries many times over. My friend, Mr. S MITH, talks about other priorities, from cybersecurity to what is happening with ISIS. Lavishing funds on programs that have not yet been justified and can’t meet this test is not worthy. You have other things that you want to help the Department of Defense do, which I think we share. Mr. Chairman, I strongly urge approval of this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oregon will be postponed. AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MR . 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 14 printed in part B of House Report 115–212. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 431, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, our current defense spending is about where it was at the very peak of the Reagan defense buildup after adjusting for inflation. It is about the same as the next eight most powerful military forces on the planet, combined. Six of those eight are already our allies. The President has proposed adding $54 billion to this. That is the equivalent of adding more than the entire military establishment of Great Britain to what we already have. Yet we are told, and I do not doubt, that much of our military force is ill equipped and unready for combat. If that is the case, it is not a fiscal problem; it is a management problem. We seem to care how much money is being spent, but not how it is being spent. That is a catastrophic failure of congressional oversight. In recent years, the Pentagon has warned that its infrastructure is 22 percent bigger than necessary. It has asked Congress for another round of Base Realignment and Closure reviews. Just last month, Secretary Mattis urged resumption of BRAC. He believes it will save $2 billion a year and $20 billion over 10 years. That is enough money to buy 120 FA–18 Super Hornets, 300 more AH–64 helicopters, or four Virginia class submarines if only Congress would get out of the way and allow unneeded bases to close or consolidate. The Pentagon has the authority to close or consolidate bases on foreign soil, but in the NDAA Congress blocks its authority to close or consolidate unnecessary bases on our own soil. My amendment removes the NDAA prohibition on this needed process and allows BRAC to move forward as our President has requested. His Statement of Administration Policy on NDAA is crystal clear: ‘‘While the bill contains many promising reforms, it fails to authorize a Base Realignment and Closure round, which would result in substantial recurring savings and allow DOD to align infrastructure with force reduction.’’ I have heard three objections: First, we are told the upfront costs of consolidation can be high. But the results are now in, and the first four 
BRAC rounds are saving us $7 billion a year. Second, we are told local economies depend on these bases, but experience tells us that communities rapidly recover by freeing these assets for productive commercial use. Third, we are told to wait until we finished expanding our forces, but the excess capacity estimate already assumes force expansion, and a new round of BRAC will only wring out a small portion of the overcapacity. When we squander billions of defense dollars keeping obsolete military bases open in order to satisfy congressional constituencies, we directly rob our military forces of the resources that we are constantly reminded that they desperately need. There is an old saying that you can’t fill a broken bucket by pouring more water in it. At some point, you have got to fix the bucket. That is our responsibility. We need to take it more seriously. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate very much the efforts by Mr. MCCLINTOCK , but simply put, now is not the time to consider a Base Realignment and Closure. In the past, BRAC has been used without conducting a thorough study, has incurred significant costs and jeopardized valuable military communities, such as those of the Midlands of South Carolina surrounding Fort Jackson or the AikenBarnwell community that I represent adjacent to Fort Gordon, Georgia. If facilities are shuttered, the existing secure assets will not be reasonably replicated. In testimony before the House Armed Services Committee just last month, Secretary Jim Mattis stated that he also has reservations about the BRAC assessments. It is also important to be clear: BRAC is not a proven costsaving measure. The last BRAC cost 67 percent more than planned to carry out, dramatically reducing any projected savings. It would be undermining to our national security and to communities around the Nation to close down military installations without a comprehensive study, especially as the military works to grow the force to address emerging threats around the globe. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to reject this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. SMITH), the ranking member. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I support this amendment. I disagree very strongly with the remarks of the gentleman from South Carolina. First of all, the past BRACs have saved us an enormous amount of money. There have been five rounds. The first four saved us pretty much exactly as much money as they said they were going to. The fifth one was more expensive, but the fifth one was done in 2005, at a time when we were building up the size of the military. It wasn’t so much a closure as it was a realignment. But even then, it is now saving us money. So if you want to argue against BRAC, argue against BRAC; but please, let us not argue that it doesn’t save us money because that is just factually ridiculous. It absolutely saves us money. Second, there have been a number of studies by the Air Force and others. The Air Force has estimated that they are 20 percent over the capacity of their installations. It would be great if we could have a comprehensive study. I agree with that. What our bill has done every year for the last several years is prohibit them from even thinking about a BRAC. So it is a brilliant argument to say, well, you can’t do a BRAC because you haven’t done a comprehensive study, and then to put in the bill you are prohibited from doing a comprehensive study. It is a nice little tautology, but it isn’t helping our military. As we have been discussing throughout the night, we have more needs than we have money for. We cannot afford for parochial interests to get in the way of what is in the best interest of our troops. We need a BRAC. By the way, it doesn’t even authorize a BRAC. It simply removes the prohibition of a BRAC. A BRAC cannot happen unless Congress authorizes it. So all this is going to do if this amendment passes is allow the military to do precisely what the gentleman from South Carolina just said they ought to do. There is no reason to oppose this amendment, and I urge support. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. AUSTIN  SCOTT), my friend and colleague. Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I rise today in opposition to this amendment to the fiscal year 2018 National Defense Authorization Act offered by my friend and colleague, Mr. MCCLINTOCK of California, that would strike a bipartisan provision that clarifies that the fiscal year 2018 National Defense Authorization Act does not authorize a round of Base Realignment and Closures, otherwise known as BRAC. After nearly 13 hours of debate in the Armed Services Committee, my colleagues and I came together and overwhelmingly approved language in the final mark that prevented a BRAC for the next fiscal year. We passed that vote by a vote of 60–1. Many of my colleagues have argued that past BRACs eliminated excess infrastructure in the Nation’s military or streamlined defense spending, but it is just not the case, Mr. Chair. Earlier this year, Secretary Mattis testified to the Armed Services Committee on the need to reassess our military’s current infrastructure resources and needs before closing or realigning any current resources. The fiscal year 2016 National Defense Authorization Act required an updated DOD force structure plan and an infrastructure inventory. To date, DOD has not submitted the required infrastructure report. Quite simply, we may not have enough capacity and infrastructure to meet our current needs and our needs going forward as we look at the threats coming from Russia, China, Iran, North Korea, and the threat of global terrorism and transnational criminal organizations. Who knows what threat we will face tomorrow. If the Secretary of Defense, I hope, will work with us to reassess our current capacity, then the need to halt realignments and closures to give him time to do so is all the more important. With outdated capacity information, there is simply no reason to close or realign an installation just to repurchase or rebuild a new one just a few years down the road. It is fiscally irresponsible in terms of defense spending and meeting our needs moving forward. b2230 I have nothing but respect for my colleague from California and have fought many fights to get rid of waste and cut government spending with him. This is just one that I can’t support. I hope that my colleagues will join me in voting against Mr. MCCLINTOCK ’s broken bucket amendment. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, to vote against these measures, to vote to rob our military of $20 million ofsavings over the next 10 years for military bases the Pentagon itself says are unnecessary, it comes down to that. You cannot provide for the common defense if you cannot pay for it, and the ability of our country to do so is being called into grave question. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ). The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chair, let me say in 90 seconds then, it may sound counterintuitive that BRAC doesn’t save us money, but even though it can take money off the Defense rolls, the question is: Where does this property end up and who pays for it? The bulk of the property ends up in the hands of local government, State government, and if it was public domain to begin with, the Department of 
the Interior has got first crack at it. I have also always sarcastically said every time there is a BRAC base closure, I end up with a new national park and national monument. And even though we have never done a study to verify it, I can give you a half dozen off the top of my head where that happened. So the question is: Does the taxpayer save money? And if you invent a BRAC process that will guarantee that the Federal estate will not be enlarged, that you won’t simply transfer property from one Federal entity to another or from the Federal Government to State governments so the taxpayer saves money, then I will gladly support a BRAC process. But until we can guarantee that, all we are doing is shifting the money around, shifting the entity around. We may help the Department of Defense change their budget, but the taxpayer is still on the hook for all the property and all the efforts that go into it, and that is wrong, and that is the process. When we change the BRAC process to make it more public, to make it so the taxpayer saves, then I will support it, but that hasn’t happened yet. Therefore, I ask Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on the amendment. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. McClintock). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 88 OFFERED BY MR . ROGERS OF  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to the order of the House of today, it is now in order to consider amendment No. 88 printed in part B of House Report 115– 212. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XVI, add the following new section: 
SEC. 1673. MODIFICATION TO ANNUAL REPORT ON PLAN FOR THE NUCLEAR WEAPONS STOCKPILE, NUCLEAR WEAPONS COMPLEX, NUCLEAR WEAPONS DELIVERY SYSTEMS, AND NUCLEAR WEAPONS COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM. 
Subsection (a)(2)(F) of section 1043 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1576), as most recently amended by section 1643 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3650), is further amended by inserting after the period at the end the following: ‘‘The Secretary may include information and data for a period beyond such 10year period if the Secretary determines that such information and data is accurate and useful in understanding the longterm nuclear modernization plan.’’. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 431, the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. ROGERS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chair, as I said a few minutes ago, I submitted this amendment as a hopeful compromise with my colleague from California who offered amendment Nos. 10 and 12 on this same issue. I will keep this very brief because we have discussed this thoroughly tonight. But going down a path of a 30year cost estimate for nuclear weapons is a bad idea and will result in bad data. As we debated this for the past 5 years now, the Obama administration didn’t want to do it, the Trump administration doesn’t want to do it, and the HASC and the House have voted against it every year. I urge my colleagues to consider voting for my reasonable commonsense amendment, commonsense way to get this issue resolved with amendment No. 88. My amendment allows the Secretary of Defense to provide information beyond 10 years if he thinks it would be accurate and useful in the information it yielded. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on my amendment and ‘‘no’’ on amendment Nos. 10 and 12. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition, though I am not opposed. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chair, I just want to say very quickly, I still have the concerns that I have expressed about the broader nuclear weapons issue and will talk a little bit more about that in a minute. But you know, this is a way to at least give an option to get a greater idea of the costs. So it may not be everything that we would want, but it is certainly not something that we should oppose, so I do not oppose it and would urge support. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. ROGERS ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama will be postponed. AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, pursuant to House Resolution 431, I offer amendments en bloc. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. Amendments en bloc No. 1 consisting of amendment Nos. 3, 11, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, and 31 printed in part B of House Report 115–212, offered by Mr. THORN BERRY of Texas: 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . GRAVES OF  
SEC. 632. REPORT REGARDING MANAGEMENT OF MILITARY COMMISSARIES AND EXCHANGES. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report regarding management practices of military commissaries and exchanges. (b) ELEMENTS .—The report required under this section shall include a costbenefit analysis with the goals of— (1) reducing the costs of operating military commissaries and exchanges by $2,000,000,000 during fiscal years 2018 through 2022; and (2) not raising costs for patrons of military commissaries and exchanges. 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MR . ROGERS OF  
PENNSYLVANIA  At the end of subtitle D of title I, add the following new section: 
SEC. 1ll. INCREASE IN AMOUNTS FOR ENHANCING INTELLIGENCE, SURVEILLANCE, AND RECONNAISSANCE CAPABILITY. 
(a) I NCREASE .—Notwithstanding the amounts set forth in the funding tables in division D, the amount authorized to be appropriated in section 101 for aircraft procurement, Air Force, as specified in the corresponding funding table in division D, for BA 05: Modification of Inservice Aircraft: E 8 (line 056) is hereby increased by $23,091,000. (b) OFFSET .—Notwithstanding the amounts set forth in the funding tables in division D, the amount authorized to be appropriated in section 101 for aircraft procurement, Air Force, as specified in the corresponding funding table in division D, for BA 05: Modification of Inservice Aircraft / BSA 5: Other Aircraft (line 050) is hereby reduced by $23,091,000. 
FITZPATRICK OF PENNSYLVANIA  At the end of subtitle B of title II, add the following new section: 
SEC. 2ll. STRATEGY FOR USE OF VIRTUAL TRAINING TECHNOLOGY. 
(a) S TRATEGY REQUIRED .—The Secretary of Defense shall direct the head of each military department— (1) to establish a comprehensive strategy to determine what capability gaps exist in the department that can be rectified with virtual training; (2) to review the virtual training possibilities for this gap to determine what virtual training would rectify this gap most efficiently; and (3) to determine what acquisitions would need to be made to acquire the correct amount of technology to achieve desired goals. 
(b) P OSTFIELDING ANALYSIS .—The head of each military department concerned shall create a postfielding training effectiveness analysis before commencing training using any virtual training technology acquired pursuant to subsection (a). 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MR . BROWN OF  
MARYLAND  At the end of subtitle B of title II, add the following new section: 
SEC. 2ll. INCREASE IN FUNDING FOR ELECTRONICS AND ELECTRONIC DEVICES OF THE ARMY. 
(a) I NCREASE .—Notwithstanding the amounts set forth in the funding tables in division D, the amount authorized to be appropriated in section 4201 for research, development, test, and evaluation, Army, as specified in the corresponding funding table in section 4201, for Applied Research, Electronics and Electronic Devices, Line 018, is hereby increased by $2,000,000. (b) OFFSET .—Notwithstanding the amounts set forth in the funding tables in division D, the amount authorized to be appropriated in section 4201 for research, development, test, and evaluation, Army, as specified in the corresponding funding table in section 4201, for Advanced Component Development and Prototypes, Technology Maturation Initiatives, Line 072, is hereby reduced by $2,000,000. 
AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MR . BROWN OF  
MARYLAND  At the end of subtitle B of title II, add the following new section: 
SEC. 2ll. INCREASE IN FUNDING FOR HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES AND MINORITY INSTITUTIONS. 
(a) I NCREASE .—Notwithstanding the amounts set forth in the funding tables in division D, the amount authorized to be appropriated in section 4201 for research, development, test, and evaluation, Defensewide, as specified in the corresponding funding table in section 4201, for Basic Research, Historically Black Colleges and Universities/Minority Institutions, Line 006, is hereby increased by $4,135,000. (b) OFFSET .—Notwithstanding the amounts set forth in the funding tables in division D, the amount authorized to be appropriated in section 4201 for research, development, test, and evaluation, Defensewide, as specified in the corresponding funding table in section 4201, for Advanced Technology Development, Advanced Innovative Analysis and Concepts, Line 038, is hereby reduced by $4,135,000. 
AMENDMENT NO . 18 OFFERED BY MR . LIPINSKI OF  
ILLINOIS  At the end of title II, at the following new section: 
SEC. 2ll. ESTABLISHMENT AND EXPANSION OF HACKING FOR DEFENSE PROGRAM. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (1) The MD5 Hacking for Defense Program enables universities nationwide to provide valuable entrepreneurial and innovation education to students, providing formal training for scientists and engineers to pursue careers in business or government organizations. (2) The MD5 Hacking for Defense Program is successful in part due to its focus on ensuring that government problems are well defined and suitable for university courses, ensuring that educators are trained and certified in course methodology and curriculum, and providing an ecosystem of government and corporate mentors to student teams to enhance their education and access to clients familiar with specific problems. (3) Hacking for Defense programs provide a unique pathway for veteran students to leverage their military expertise to solve rapidly emerging national security challenges while learning cuttingedge business innovation methodology. (4) The MD5 Hacking for Defense Program’s success in the early stages of the innovation continuum should be expanded to offer training to universities nationwide, and government personnel and organizations charged with innovation. (b) ESTABLISHMENT AND EXPANSION OF  HACKING FOR DEFENSE PROGRAM .— (1) AUTHORIZATION .—The Secretary of Defense is authorized to establish a Hacking for Defense Program under which the Secretary may obligate or expend up to $15,000,000 to support universitybased entrepreneurial education programs, including— (A) materials to recruit veterans for such programs; (B) model curriculum for such programs; (C) training materials for such programs; and (D) best practices for the conduct of such programs. (2) CONSULTATION .—In carrying out paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense may consult with the heads of such Federal agencies, universities, and public and private entities engaged in the development of advanced technologies as the Secretary determines to be appropriate. (3) ELIGIBILITY .—The Secretary of Defense shall— (A) develop and maintain eligibility criteria for programs to become recognized as Hacking for Defense education sites; and (B) ensure that any recipient of a grant under the Small Business Technology Transfer program or the Small Business Innovation Research program has the option to participate in training under the MD5 Hacking for Defense Program. 
AMENDMENT NO . 19 OFFERED BY MR . RATCLIFFE  
OF TEXAS  Page 86, after line 23, insert the following: 
SEC. 323. PROHIBITION ON APPLICATION OF HIRING FREEZES AT DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE INDUSTRIAL BASE FACILITIES. 
Any memorandum, Executive order, or other action by the President to prevent a department or agency of the Federal Government from filling vacant Federal civilian employee positions or creating new such positions, shall have no force or effect with respect to any Department of Defense civilian position at, or in support of— (1) any facility at which depotlevel maintenance and repair (as that term is defined in section 2460 of title 10, United States Code) is carried out; or (2) any facility designated under section 2474 of such title as a center for industrial and technical excellence. 
FITZPATRICK OF PENNSYLVANIA  Page 104, after line 6, insert the following: 
To ensure that the biennial core reporting procedures of the Department of Defense align with the requirements of section 2464 of title 10, United States Code, and that each reporting agency provides accurate and complete information, the Secretary of Defense should direct the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology and Logistics to update the Department of Defense Guidance, in particular Department of Defense Instruction 4151.20, to require future biennial core reports include instructions to the reporting agencies on how to— (1) report additional depot workload performed that has not been identified as a core requirement; (2) accurately capture interservice workload; (3) calculate shortfalls; and (4) estimate the cost of planned workload. AMENDMENT NO . 21 OFFERED BY MR . CA´RDENAS  
OF CALIFORNIA  Page 104, after line 6, insert the following: 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report on arctic readiness. Such report shall include— (1) an analysis of the challenges posed by the rapidly changing arctic region, including the reasons why the arctic region is changing at such a rapid rate; (2) an analysis of how the changes will affect other regions, particularly coastal communities; (3) an analysis of how the changes will affect military infrastructure; and (4) recommendations for congressional action to address the needs of the Armed Forces, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security with respect to the Coast Guard when it is not operating as a service in the Navy, resulting from changes in the arctic. (b) FORM OF REPORT .—The report required under this section shall be unclassified, but may include a classified annex. 
AMENDMENT NO . 22 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON  
OF LOUISIANA  Page 104, after line 6, insert the following: 
SEC. 337. REPORT ON CYBER CAPABILITY AND READINESS SHORTFALLS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to Congress a report on the Army Combat Training Centers and the current resident cyber capabilities and training at such centers to examine potential training readiness shortfalls and ensure that prerotational cyber training needs are met. In preparing the report, the Secretary shall take into account nearby cyber assets that could contribute to addressing potential cyber capability and readiness shortfalls. 
AMENDMENT NO . 23 OFFERED BY MR . CICILLINE  
OF RHODE ISLAND  Page 104, after line 6, insert the following: 
SEC. 337. REPORT ON EFFECTS OF INCREASED AUTOMATION OF DEFENSE INDUSTRIAL BASE ON MANUFACTURING WORKFORCE. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report on the effects of the increased automation of the defense industrial base over the tenyear period beginning on the date that is 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. Such report shall include, for the period covered by the report— (1) an estimate of the number of jobs in the United States manufacturing workforce expected to be eliminated due to automation in the defense sector; (2) an analysis describing any new types of jobs that are expected to be established as a result of an increasingly automated process, including an estimate of the number of these types of jobs that are expect to be created; (3) an analysis of the potential threats to the national security of the United States that are unique to the automation of the defense industry; (4) a strategy to assist in providing workforce training and transition preparation for workers who may lose manufacturing jobs in the defense industry due to automation; (5) a description of any training necessary for workers affected by automation to more easily transition to new types of jobs within the defense manufacturing industry; and (6) any actions taken, or planned to be taken, by the Department of Defense to assist in worker transition. 
AMENDMENT NO . 24 OFFERED BY MR . KHANNA OF  
SEC. 344. COSTBENEFIT ANALYSIS OF UNIFORM SPECIFICATIONS FOR AFGHAN MILITARY OR SECURITY FORCES. 
Beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, whenever the Secretary of Defense enters into a contract for the provision of uniforms for Afghan military or security forces, the Secretary shall conduct a cost benefit analysis of the uniform specification for the Afghan military or security forces uniform. Such analysis shall determine— (1) whether there is a more effective alternative uniform specification, considering both operational environment and cost, available to the Afghan military or security forces; (2) the efficacy of the existing pattern compared to other alternatives (both proprietary and nonproprietary patterns; and (3) the costs and feasibility of transitioning the uniforms of the Afghan military or security forces to a pattern owned by the United States, using existing excess inventory where available, and acquiring the rights to the Spec4ce Forest pattern. 
AMENDMENT NO . 25 OFFERED BY MS . HERRERA  
BEUTLER OF WASHINGTON  Page 126, after line 12, insert the following: 
(a) M EMBERS OF BOARDS FOR THE CORREC TION OF MILITARY RECORDS .—Section 534(c)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 1552 note) is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘This curriculum shall also address the proper handling of claims in which a sexrelated offense is alleged to have contributed to the original characterization of the discharge or release of the claimant, including guidelines for the consideration of evidence substantiating such allegations in accordance with the requirements of section 1554b(b)(3) of title 10, United States Code.’’. (b) DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PERSONNEL  WHOINVESTIGATE CLAIMS OF RETALIATION .— Section 546(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) is amended by striking ‘‘section.’’ and inserting ‘‘section, including guidelines for the consideration of evidence substantiating such allegations in accordance with the requirements of section 1554b(b)(3) of title 10, United States Code.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 26 OFFERED BY MS . KUSTER OF  
NEW HAMPSHIRE  Page 146, after line 16, insert the following new section: 
SEC. 531. INCLUSION OF ADDITIONAL INFORMATION IN ANNUAL SAPRO REPORTS. 
Section 1631 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111383; 10 U.S.C. 1561 note) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(h) DEFINITIONS .— ‘‘(1) SEXUAL ASSAULT DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘sexual assault’ includes rape, sexual assault, forcible sodomy, aggravated sexual contact, abusive sexual contact, and attempts to commit such offenses, as those terms are defined in the Uniform Code of Military Justice. ‘‘(2) SEXUAL COERCION DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘sexual coercion’ includes unwanted vaginal, oral, or anal sex after the perpetrator pressured the victim by means including— ‘‘(A) repeated requests to the victim for sex; ‘‘(B) expressions of unhappiness due to the victim refusing to have sex with the perpetrator; ‘‘(C) lies; ‘‘(D) threats; and ‘‘(E) sexual harassment as that term is defined in section 1561(e) of title 10, United States Code.’’. AMENDMENT NO . 27 OFFERED BY MR . 
GOTTHEIMER OF NEW JERSEY  At the end of subtitle D of title V, add the following new section: 
SEC. 544. EXTENSION OF SUICIDE PREVENTION AND RESILIENCE PROGRAM. 
Section 10219(g) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘October 1, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2019’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 28 OFFERED BY MR . JONES OF  
NORTH CAROLINA  At the end of subtitle E of title V, add the following new section: 
SEC. 5ll. FIVEYEAR EXTENSION OF AUTHORITIES RELATING TO THE TRANSITION AND SUPPORT OF MILITARY DEPENDENT STUDENTS TO LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES. 
Section 574(c)(3) of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (20 U.S.C. 7703b note), as most recently amended by section 572 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2141), is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2022’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 29 OFFERED BY MR . JONES OF  
NORTH CAROLINA  Page 156, beginning on line 19, strike ‘‘, not including a member or former member of the Coast Guard,’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 30 OFFERED BY MRS . WATSON  
COLEMAN OF NEW JERSEY  At the end of subtitle G of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 575. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING NONDISCRIMINATION AT UNITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY. 
Congress affirms the nondiscrimination policy of the United States Military Academy in West Point, New York, including as applied to female cadets, staff, and faculty. 
AMENDMENT NO . 31 OFFERED BY MR . SEAN  
PATRICK MALONEY OF NEW YORK  At the end of subtitle G of title V in division A, add the following new section: 
SEC. lll. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY OF THE SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS TO PROVIDE FOR THE CONDUCT OF MEDICAL DISABILITY EXAMINATIONS BY CONTRACT PHYSICIANS. 
Section 704(c) of the Veterans Benefits Act of 2003 (Public Law 108–183; 38 U.S.C. 5101 note) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2018’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 431, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORNBERRY ) and the gentleman from Washington (Mr. SMITH) each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from California (Mr. ROHRABACHER ). Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of a very important part of this en bloc proposal, which is filled with important parts. Dr. Afridi is a Pakistani doctor who risked his life to help our special forces identify the hiding place of Osama bin Laden, the planner and commander of the slaughter of 3,000 Americans on 9/ 11. Dr. Afridi, clearly an American hero, has languished in a Pakistani dungeon for the past 6 years and has been sentenced to spend another two decades in captivity. Dr. Afridi is a courageous hero. He is not forgotten. His plight is not ignored. Tonight, I am pleading that this language be retained in the final version of this en bloc amendment. This man is suffering for us. Making my amendment in order acknowledges Dr. Afridi’s sacrifice and demands Pakistani authorities release him immediately. If we turn our backs on such a noble friend as Dr. Afridi, shame on us. And I thank the Members who put this bill together for including this very moral statement. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. WILSON ). Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Chairman, thank you for the opportunity to speak on amendment No. 66. On July 4, the Communist totalitarian regime in North Korea marked the holiday testing an intercontinental ballistic missile. This is yet another escalation by a regime that has tested ballistic missiles and has conducted five nuclear tests. This amendment expresses a clear sense of Congress: we will not tolerate the escalation by the regime in North Korea testing ballistic missiles or developing a nuclear weapon threatening American families. The amendment also reaffirms the strong commitment of the United States to our allies in the region, especially South Korea, Japan, and Australia. I am encouraged by the leadership of President Donald Trump for a commitment of peace through strength. It is clear the regime in North Korea will only respond to strength, and this sense of Congress strongly states our commitment to keeping all options on the table while addressing the threat of North Korea, whether it be military, diplomatic, or economic. Mr. Chairman, I urge support of this amendment with the en bloc package. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chair, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ). Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Chair, the most important duty of this body is to ensure the safety of every American family from foreign enemies who intend us harm. We must advocate for a foreign policy that projects strength and purpose. The threat profile our Nation faces has never been more severe, including from rogue regimes and those who directly and indirectly support the spread of terror. Acting in isolation, each of these threats requires U.S. attention. However, we must also investigate and understand the scope of 
evil’s reach, especially the nexus between Iran and North Korea. Mr. Chair, my amendment would compel the Pentagon to report the extent of cooperation on nuclear programs, ballistic missile development, chemical and biological weapons development, and conventional weapons programs between Pyongyang and Tehran. Only when we understand the complex dealings between these enemies of peace can we outline a plan to combat them. My amendment will provide better, more comprehensive tools for American defense, and I urge my friends on both sides of the aisle to support it for the sake of our Nation’s security. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. SUOZZI ). Mr. SUOZZI. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of a bipartisan amendment I have offered along with my colleagues from Texas, Chairman THORNBERRY of the Armed Services Committee and Mr. CONAWAY , a fellow CPA. It is essential the Democrats and Republicans work together to control government costs to root out waste, fraud, and abuse, and that we specifically focus these efforts on the Department of Defense. Chairman THORNBERRY has promoted a reform agenda of which I am very supportive. During the Armed Services Committee markup of the bill, I proposed changes to the chairman’s reform package. My amendment sought to make the use of private sector auditors more efficient and effective by eliminating bureaucratic mandates and an unnecessarily bureaucratic committee. The chairman supported my goals, and I suggested that I work with my fellow CPA, Mr. CONAWAY . In a bipartisan spirit, we agreed to this amendment, which will, one, help eliminate the incurred cost audit backlog; two, help reallocate resources to prioritize higher risk audits with potential savings for government; three, help ensure private sector auditing capacity exists; and, most importantly, four, root out waste, fraud, and abuse in Defense contracting. I never thought I would come to Washington to work on Department of Defense audits, but Chairman THORN BERRY ’s willingness to engage my expertise and the bipartisan manner of the amendment will hopefully result in significant reforms and aid in my ongoing efforts to help save taxpayers’ dollars by making government more effective and efficient. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. JOHNSON ). Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I rise to speak on the National Defense Authorization Act being considered this evening and on my amendment No. 22 to require an Army cyber training readiness assessment. It is vital that we adequately fund our military with the necessary training and tools they need to succeed. Our men and women in uniform deserve the greatest amount of resources we can possibly provide at all times. If agreed to, my amendment requires the Army to review the combat training centers, or CTCs, and the resident cyber capabilities and training to make certain the needs of prerotational cyber training are fully met. These CTCs’ rotations serve as the premier events to evaluate collective training, and the rotations provide feedback to commanders on how well they have trained their units and their leaders and what they need to do to improve readiness. Including cyber training is a commonsense step to meet the threats our Nation will face. The Army has testified before Congress that this area is falling short and additional resources are desperately needed for cyber training. Our Armed Forces must be able to operate within highly defended environments, possibly at the leading edge of a joint force, to control the air, sea, space, and cyberspace domain. My amendment will assist us in this endeavor, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. CORREA ). b2245 Mr. CORREA. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment in en bloc package 3, amendment 53, that would require the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Director of National Intelligence, to provide Congress a report of any cyber attack attempts by the Russian Government and other Russian actors targeting the Department of Defense within the past 2 years. These Defense Department systems are the foundation of our Nation’s defense and security, and it is crucial that they are protected. Despite this understanding, our Nation is still not fully aware of the magnitude of the problems, and Congress is not appropriately advised of these past breaches. My amendment would require a report from the Secretary of the Defense to Congress so that we can begin to properly address the strength of our Nation’s security. I thank Congresswoman SHEAPORTERfor supporting my amendment, and I urge all of my colleagues to do the same. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I have no further speakers on this en bloc amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chair, I yield 90 seconds to the gentleman from California (Mr. CORREA ). Mr. CORREA. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment No. 88 of 228, H.R. 2810. This amendment would call upon the Department of Defense to update its cyber strategy, requiring the President to draft guidance for offensive cyber capabilities, and to authorize international cooperation, including building of our NATO partner allies’ cybersecurity. World war III is raging in cyberspace now. It has become one of the most crucial homeland and global security issues. Our Presidential election came under cyber attack, possibly compromising the American electoral system. But the U.S. is not alone. There were press reports of massive cyber attacks of French President Emmanuel Macron’s campaign as well. My amendment will increase our offensive cyber capabilities to prevent our adversaries from engaging in cyber espionage like we witnessed during the past election cycle and recent global cyber attacks. Protecting our network is vital to the security of our Nation and allies, and my amendment works to that end. I thank Congresswoman ROSEN for supporting my amendment as well, and I urge all my colleagues to do the same. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of the en bloc amendments, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LIPINSKI ). Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Chair, I want to start off by thanking the chair and ranking member for supporting these two amendments, one in this bloc, one in the next bloc. The first amendment will authorize the Hacking for Defense, or H4D, Program. This is an innovative program developed in Silicon Valley with the help of battlefieldexperienced Iraq and Afghanistan veterans, and it finds unique solutions to national security problems. First taught at Stanford, H4D uses lean business startup methods to engage America’s best and brightest in solving real security challenges faced by the DOD. Rapid, lowcost technological innovation is what makes Silicon Valley revolutionary, but the DOD hasn’t historically had the mechanisms in place to harness this American advantage. Hacking for Defense creates ways for talented scientists and engineers to work alongside with veterans, military leaders, and business mentors to innovate solutions that make America safer. For example, a July 7 New York Times article details how an H4D graduate, Capella Space, is helping track North Korean nuclear capabilities, helping to try to make our world safer. Mr. Chairman, I include in the RECORD this article, along with these letters of support from universities and tech communities. 
[From the New York Times, July 7, 2017] TINYSATELLITES WILLTRACK NORTH KOREA  MISSILES  (By David E. Sanger and William J. Broad; Eric Schmitt contributed reporting) For years before North Korea fired its first intercontinental ballistic missile this week, 
the Pentagon and intelligence experts had sounded a warning: Not only was the North making progress quickly, spy satellite coverage was so spotty that the United States might not see a missile being prepared for launch. That set off an urgent but quiet search for ways to improve America’s earlywarning ability—and the capability to strike missiles while they are on the launchpad. The most intriguing solutions have come from Silicon Valley, where the Obama administration began investing in tiny, inexpensive civilian satellites developed to count cars in Target parking lots and monitor the growth of crops. Some in the Pentagon accustomed to relying on highly classified, multibilliondollar satellites, which take years to develop, resisted the move. But as North Korea’s missile program progressed, American officials laid out an ambitious schedule for the first of the small satellites to go up at the end of this year, or the beginning of next. Launched in clusters, some staying in orbit just a year or two, the satellites would provide coverage necessary to execute a new military contingency plan called ‘‘Kill Chain.’’ It is the first step in a new strategy to use satellite imagery to identify North Korean launch sites, nuclear facilities and manufacturing capability and destroy them preemptively if a conflict seems imminent. Even a few extra minutes of warning might save the lives of tens of thousands of Americans—and millions of South Koreans and Japanese who already live within range of the North’s missiles. ‘‘Kim Jongun is racing—literally racing— to deploy a missile capability,’’ Robert Cardillo, the director of the National GeospatialIntelligence Agency, which coordinates satellitebased mapping for the government, said in an interview days before North Korea’s latest launch. ‘‘His acceleration has caused us to accelerate.’’ The timeline for getting the satellites in orbit, which defense officials have never discussed publicly, reflects the urgency of the problem. The missile launch by North Korea on Tuesday was initiated from a new site, a mobile launcher at the Pang Hyon Aircraft Factory. Capt. Jeff Davis, a Pentagon spokesman, said the missile ‘‘is not one we have seen before.’’ That mobility is the problem that the new satellites, with wide coverage using radar sensors that work at night and during storms, are designed to address. Less than onethird of North Korea is under spy satellite coverage at a given moment. American intelligence analysts detected indications of an impending launch in the days before the missile firing, according to a spokesman for the Defense Intelligence Agency, Cmdr. William Marks. But even after the launch, the Pentagon misjudged what it was looking at. Minutes after its 37 minute flight ended, the United States Pacific Command described the missile as an intermediaterange model, often seen. Hours later, Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson issued a very different conclusion: that the North had tested its first intercontinental ballistic missile, able to reach Alaska. The commercial radar push is one of several new ways the administration is seeking to counter the North Korean threat. President Trump inherited a secret effort to sabotage the North’s missile launches. But its success has been spotty at best, especially of late. And joint AmericanSouth Korean missile tests, conducted hours after the ICBM test, appeared to be part of the new strategy that includes Kill Chain—the missiles were designed to reach Pyongyang, where the country’s leadership lives. Kill Chain was also mentioned in a joint statement issued last week by the United States and South Korea, a notable shift for the South’s new president, Moon Jaein. He has rejected public discussion of preemptive military action, arguing it plays into the North Korean paranoia that the United States and its allies are plotting to end the Kim government. Mr. Moon has spoken of reviving direct talks—a socalled sunshine policy, which he advocated as chief of staff to an earlier South Korean president. But Mr. Trump has tried to build pressure, using warships, sanctions and missile defenses. He was recently presented with new options, including military ones, for responding to a sixth nuclear detonation by the North or a test of a missile that could reach the United States. ‘‘The threat is much more immediate,’’ H.R. McMaster, Mr. Trump’s national security adviser, told a conference last week at the Center for a New American Security in Washington. ‘‘So it’s clear that we can’t repeat the same approach—failed approach—of the past.’’ The new satellite initiative builds on technology created more for Wall Street than the Pentagon. From an office in an old Defense Department building within view of the Google campus in California, Raj Shah, the director of the Defense Innovation Unit Experimental, or DIUx, is already investing in companies that exploit tiny civilian radar satellites, able to pierce darkness or storms, in hopes that the Pentagon can use them by the end of the year, or early in 2018. ‘‘It’s a very challenging target,’’ said Mr. Shah, a former F16 pilot in Iraq whose extensive experience in Silicon Valley appealed to Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter, who set up the unit during Mr. Obama’s second term and recruited Mr. Shah. ‘‘The key is using technologies that are already available, and making the modifications we need for a specific military purpose,’’ Mr. Shah said. His unit made an investment to jumpstart the development efforts of Capella Space, a Silicon Valley startup named after a bright star. It plans to loft its first radar satellite late this year. The company says its radar fleet, if successfully deployed, will be able to monitor important targets hourly. ‘‘The entire spacecraft is the size of a backpack,’’ said Payam Banazadeh, a founder of the company. Born in Iran, he learned satellite design at the University of Texas and NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory, specializing in miniaturization. Once in orbit, the payload, he added, would unfurl its antenna and solar panels. ‘‘Everything is getting smaller,’’ Mr. Banazadeh said of the craft’s parts. ‘‘Even the next version of the satellite is getting smaller.’’ Seeing the early fruits of the Pentagon experiment, the National GeospatialIntelligence Agency is opening its doors to companies that can supply it with satellite radar data in addition to traditional images. Its outpost, set up this year, is in San Jose, the heart of Silicon Valley. Federal officials rarely, if ever, acknowledge the poor reconnaissance coverage of the North from traditional military satellites. But William J. Perry, the former secretary of defense, recently said in Washington that if the North rolled out a missile to hit the United States or its allies, ‘‘there’s a good chance we’d never see it.’’ The threat grew worse last year as North Korea began using solid fuels after decades of relying on liquid propellants to power its big rockets and missiles. While liquidfueled missiles can take hours or even days of preparation, solidfueled missiles can be fired with little or no warning. Mr. Kim has made the effort a personal project, posing next to a large solidfueled motor after a successful ground test last year. The North followed that firing with four successful flight tests, twice last year and twice this year. The advances, said YoungKeun Chang, director of the Global Surveillance Research Center at the Korea Aerospace University in Seoul, moved the North significantly closer to a mobile intercontinental missile that could eventually pose ‘‘a serious potential threat to the United States.’’ The key to detecting launch preparations is the nearconstant presence of satellites that can see through clouds, rain, snow, foliage and camouflage and can detect the movement of military gear, including missiles. That requires spacebased radars, which over the years have been highly expensive, with their big antennas and tendency to use large amounts of power. Like any radar, they fire radio waves at targets and gather faint echoes. Spacebased radars can also detect changes in ground elevation that signal hidden tunnels, bunkers and even radioactive cavities left by nuclear blasts, experts say, because such hollows cause the surface above them to subside ever so slightly. But building the radars has historically been expensive for the government. In 2007, the Congressional Budget Office estimated that a constellation of 21 radar satellites would cost the nation up to $94 billion—or more than $4 billion each. The report, published shortly after the North’s first nuclear detonation, zeroed in on whether the satellites could track Korean missiles on mobile launchers. It called the goal ‘‘highly challenging,’’ and said 35 to 50 spacecraft would be needed to make such detections rapidly. The new generation of tiny, cheap satellites has made that outcome more achievable. Capella plans to loft its first radar satellite late this year and build up to 36 orbital radars, within the range the congressional report recommended. In addition to Capella, private companies rushing to make and exploit new generations of small radar satellites include Ursa Space Systems in Ithaca, N.Y.; UrtheCast in Vancouver, Canada; and Iceye in Espoo, Finland. Like many new companies seeking to make small satellites, most have strong ties to Silicon Valley. The National GeospatialIntelligence Agency’s initiative, known as the Commercial Geoint Activity, builds on programs in which the agency bought radarsatellite data from Canada, Italy and Germany as part of its evaluation of the new civilian technologies. Mr. Cardillo said the new partnerships could help the United States close the gaps in tracking Mr. Kim’s rapidly expanding arsenal of threatening missiles. ‘‘If any of these companies, new or old, can help fill those gaps,’’ he said, ‘‘then I’m interested.’’ 
LELAND STANDFORD , JUNIOR UNIVERSITY , July 11, 2017. Hon. DANIEL W. L IPINSKI , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARREPRESENTATIVE LIPINSKI : I am writ ing to express my personal support for your proposed amendment 352 to H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. This amendment would provide statutory authorization for the Hacking for Defense program, something developed here at Stanford University that is effectively changing the way students think about national security. 
Hacking for Defense is a class first taught at Stanford and now at growing number of other universities around the country in which students learn to apply lean startup methods to national security challenges. Instructors gather projects or problems from branches of the military and intelligence agencies for the students to address. A core component of the course is gaining an in depth understanding of the problem the students are trying to solve, which the students do by conducting 100 interviews with potential ’’customers’’ or beneficiaries of a solution. By the end of the course, although students aren’t required to come up with a new product or service, many of them do such as the ’’tiny satellites’’ project recently in the news regarding North Korea’s missiles. Hacking for Defense is valuable because it combines a student’s knowledge and entrepreneurial energy with the experience of their business and military mentors to innovatively solve national security challenges. In addition, it exposes rising generation of technology stars to the potential value and benefit of careers in national service. Authorization and federal support of this program will enable its expansion to many more universities throughout the country, helping solve high priority problems and train a new generation of civicminded entrepreneurs and technologists. I strongly support inclusion of this program in the National Defense Authorization Act. Respectfully, THOMAS H. B YERS , PH.D., Professor, Management Science & Engineering, Endowed Chair in Entrepreneurship Education, School of Engineering, Founder and Faculty Director, Stanford Technology Ventures Program, Stanford University. 
JAMES MADSION UNIVERSITY , Harrisonburg, VA, July 12, 2017. Hon. DANIEL W. L IPINSKI , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARREPRESENTATIVE LIPINSKI : As strong supporters of establishing a national security innovation workforce, we commend your support for the Hacking for Defense Program, operated under MD5, the National Security Technology Accelerator within the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics. We support your effort to authorize the program and create the option for the Secretary of Defense to expend up to $15 million to expand and strengthen existing programs designed to boost Veterans innovation education. A publicprivate partnership between the National Defense University and a network of national research universities, MD5 was recognized in the Fiscal Year 2017 National Defense Authorization Act as ″an important pilot program making vital contributions in the field of technology innovation. ″ The pro gram emphasizes the incentives, outreach, professional military education, and skills based training necessary to build a National Security Innovation Corps. By leveraging programs like Hacking for Defense (H4D), MD5 is growing a cadre of entrepreneurs that are adept at critical thinking, creative problem solving, and the formation of successful ventures that deliver economic, national security, and social value. H4D classes educate Veterans and other students in technology innovation and entrepreneurship, and provide a unique pathway for Veterans to leverage their expertise while learning cuttingedge business innovation methodology, increasing postmilitary opportunities and applying their knowledge to new national security problems. Additional funds will help MD5 build on its early success by expanding H4D training to universities nationwide, as well as government personnel and other organizations responsible for innovation efforts. Funds will be used to expand the development of resources, to include Veteran recruitment materials, model curriculum, training materials, and best practices to support university entrepreneurial education programs. We support your amendment 352 to H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018, to continue to grow the national security innovation workforce. Sincerely, YVONNE R. H ARRIS , PH.D., Vice Provost. 
ZOICLABS, Culver City, CA, July 11, 2017. Hon. DANIEL W. L IPINSKI , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARREPRESENTATIVE LIPINSKI : As strong supporters of establishing a national security innovation workforce, we commend your support for the Hacking for Defense Program, operated under MD5, the National Security Technology Accelerator within the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics. We support your effort to authorize the program and create the option for the Secretary of Defense to expend up to $15 million to expand and strengthen existing programs designed to boost veterans innovation education. A publicprivate partnership between the National Defense University and a network of national research universities, MD5 was recognized in the Fiscal Year 2017 National Defense Authorization Act as ‘‘an important pilot program making vital contributions in the field of technology innovation.’’ The program emphasizes the incentives, outreach, professional military education, and skills based training necessary to build a National Security Innovation Corps. By leveraging programs like Hacking for Defense (H4D), MD5 is growing a cadre of entrepreneurs that are adept at critical thinking, creative problem solving, and the formation of successful ventures that deliver economic, national security, and social value. H4D classes educate veterans and other students in technology innovation and entrepreneurship, and provide a unique pathway for veterans to leverage their expertise while learning cuttingedge business innovation methodology, increasing postmilitary opportunities and applying their knowledge to new national security problems. Additional funds will help MD5 build on its early success by expanding H4D training to universities nationwide, as well as government personnel and other organizations responsible for innovation efforts. Funds will be used to expand the development of resources, to include veteran recruitment materials, model curriculum, training materials, and best practices to support university entrepreneurial education programs. We support your amendment 352 to H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018, to continue to grow the national security innovation workforce. Sincerely, MATTHEW THUNELL , Executive Vice President. 
ALION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY , McLean, VA, July 12, 2017. Hon. DANIEL W. L IPINSKI , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE LIPINSKI : For over 80 years, Alion has been called upon to solve the nation’s most important and challenging problems. Our original charter in 1936, as Armour Research Foundation (later the Illinois Institute of Technology Research Institute, or ‘‘IITRI’’), identified our purpose: ‘‘to experiment upon, test, promote, and develop the public, scientific, and commercial value of inventions, discoveries, and processes.’’ Our focus has remained constant, while we continue to evolve to apply the latest innovations in science, technology and engineering to address the needs of this great nation. One innovation still in use today is our development of the ‘‘Armour alloy,’’ a titanium alloy that saved the Air Force’s gas turbine engine program, and is still used in military fighting vehicles and advanced prosthetics. Beginning during the interwar period, continuing through America’s superpower status in the wake of our successful contributions to World War II, and enduring through the rapidly evolving and complex global security environment of the present day, Alion is an important part of the American fabric of innovation. Today, Alion stands strong on this solid foundation, supporting customers in defense, civilian government, and commercial industries. Our 21 labs and 2,300person staff provide Alion the physical and intellectual resources to tackle any problem. Our history as an academic research center informs our approach of bringing together the brightest minds and best technologies from wherever they reside: government labs, large industry, universities, or small businesses. For example, when in 2015 the Secretary of Defense established a new initiative to expand access to global commercial technology innovations, Alion was the first partner to close a deal with a commercial company focused on big data analytics; as we have done many times, Alion brokered an effective translation between military need and commercial capabilities, bringing the two together into a successful solution. As strong supporters of establishing a national security innovation workforce, we commend your support for the Hacking for Defense Program, operated under MD5, the National Security Technology Accelerator within the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics. We support your effort to authorize the program and create the option for the Secretary of Defense to expend up to $15 million to expand and strengthen existing programs designed to boost veterans’ innovation education. A publicprivate partnership between the National Defense University and a network of national research universities, MD5 was recognized in the Fiscal Year 2017 National Defense Authorization Act as ‘‘an important pilot program making vital contributions in the field of technology innovation.’’ The program emphasizes the incentives, outreach, professional military education, and skills based training necessary to build a National Security Innovation Corps. By leveraging programs like Hacking for Defense (H4D), MD5 is growing a cadre of entrepreneurs that are adept at critical thinking, creative problem solving, and the formation of successful ventures that deliver economic, national security, and social value. H4D classes educate veterans and other students in technology innovation and entrepreneurship, and provide a unique pathway for veterans to leverage their expertise while learning cuttingedge business innovation methodology, increasing postmilitary opportunities and applying their knowledge to new national security problems. Additional funds will help MD5 build on its early success by expanding H4D training to universities nationwide, as well as government personnel and other organizations responsible for innovation efforts. Funds will 
be used to expand the development of resources, to include veteran recruitment materials, model curriculum, training materials, and best practices to support university entrepreneurial education programs. We support your amendment 352 to H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018, to continue to grow the national security innovation workforce. Sincerely, GERRY DECKER , Chief Growth Officer. 
UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO BOULDER , Boulder, CO, July 12, 2017. Hon. DANIEL W. L IPINSKI , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE LIPINSKI : The Uni versity of Colorado, and its College of Engineering and Applied Science, is an avid supporter of establishing a strong national security innovation workforce, and we commend your support for MD5, the National Security Technology Accelerator within the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics. We support your effort to authorize the program and create the option for the Secretary of Defense to expend up to $15 million to expand and strengthen existing programs designed to boost veteran’s innovation education. In our position as the flagship research university in one of the nation’s top Aerospace & Defense economies, we recognize the need to maintain a decisive advantage in technology innovation. Our research partners—including Ball Aerospace, Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman, Sierra Nevada Corporation, and Raytheon—routinely emphasize an increasing need for highly trained, technically competent, agile, and innovative engineers and scientists to address the most pressing technology challenges in National Security. As the newest member of MD5, we believe programs like Hacking for Defense (H4D) are critical to developing a strong corps of future entrepreneurs that are adept at critical thinking, creative problem solving, and the formation of successful ventures that deliver economic, national security, and social value. The H4D curriculum educates veterans and other students in technology innovation and entrepreneurship, and provides a unique pathway to leverage their expertise while learning cuttingedge business innovation methodology and applying their knowledge to new national security problems. Additional funding will help MD5 build on its early success by expanding H4D training to universities and other innovation organizations nationwide. Funds will be used to expand the development of resources, to include veteran recruitment materials, model curriculum, training materials, and best practices that will further enhance our university entrepreneurial education programs. We support your amendment 352 to H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018, to continue to grow the national security innovation workforce. Sincerely, ROBERT D. B RAUN , Dean, College of Engineering and Applied Science. 
OGSYSTEMS, July 12, 2017. Hon. DANIEL W. L IPINSKI , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARREPRESENTATIVE LIPINSKI : As strong supporters of establishing a national security innovation workforce, we commend your support for the Hacking for Defense Program, operated under MD5, the National Security Technology Accelerator within the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics. We support your effort to authorize the program and create the option for the Secretary of Defense to expend up to $15 million to expand and strengthen existing programs designed to boost veteran innovation education. A publicprivate partnership between the National Defense University and a network of national research universities, MD5 was recognized in the Fiscal Year 2017 National Defense Authorization Act as ‘‘an important pilot program making vital contributions in the field of technology innovation.’’ The program emphasizes the incentives, outreach, professional military education, and skills based training necessary to build a National Security Innovation Corps. By leveraging programs like Hacking for Defense (H4D), MD5 is growing a cadre of entrepreneurs that are adept at critical thinking, creative problem solving, and the formation of the workforce innovative government contractors like OGSystems need to deliver economic, national security, and social value. H4D classes educate veterans and other students in technology innovation and entrepreneurship, and provide a unique pathway for veterans to leverage their expertise while learning cuttingedge business innovation methodology, increasing postmilitary opportunities and applying their knowledge to new national security problems. I have personally seen the positive impact to the Government agencies we support in both the H4D definition of problems and in the engagement of innovative sources of ideas to solve them. An example of one of the teams I helped to mentor was Capella Space at Stanford University, who is now VC funded and working on national defense problems in radar that even the MultiBillion defense contractors weren’t interested in investing IR&D funding. This is a winwin situation in the activation of nontraditional sources of innovation for DoD and the driving of solutions that impact national security. Additional funds will help MDS build on its early success by expanding H4D training to universities nationwide, as well as government personnel and other organizations responsible for innovation efforts. Funds will be used to expand the development of resources, to include veteran recruitment materials, model curriculum, training materials, and best practices to support university entrepreneurial education programs. We support amendment 352 to H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018, to continue to grow the national security innovation workforce. Sincerely, GARRETT PAGON , President. 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Chair, the second amendment deals with cybersecurity standards. At the end of 2016, the DOD issued important updated cybersecurity standards for defense contractors. Companies must implement these new standards by January 1, 2018. However, I have heard from a number of small manufacturers in my district that it is very difficult getting the information and expertise necessary to institute these standards. They fear this may mean the end of their companies. America cannot afford to lose these small businesses, so my amendment encourages the Secretary of Defense to establish a cooperative program between the DOD and MIST to educate and assist small and mediumsized manufacturing firms in achieving compliance with the updated cybersecurity standards. This would help improve cybersecurity access across the defense supply chain while also preserving competition for DOD contracts. It has received broad support from the business and technology community. Mr. Chair, I thank the chair and ranking member for supporting these two amendments in this bloc and the next. I ask my colleagues to support these amendments. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. GOTTHEIMER ). Mr. GOTTHEIMER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this bipartisan amendment to reauthorize the Suicide Prevention and Resilience Program to 2019. This is a critical program that provides members of the National Guard and Reserves, as well as their families, with training in suicide prevention, resilience, and community healing resources. We simply cannot allow this critical suicide prevention program to expire, not for the men and women who are or have been on the front lines. Our Nation’s veterans deserve the best care after putting their lives on the line to protect the freedoms we hold dear. My bipartisan amendment reauthorizes and extends this program to improve safety and ensure continuity and peace of mind for the men and women who serve. Just one soldier lost to suicide is too many. We should do everything in our power to help as many servicemembers as we can. National Guardsmen and Reservists face unique challenges. They are citizen soldiers who do not live on a base. They often leave their jobs and families on a moment’s notice to suit up to protect us. Even a great Guardsman or Reservist may not know when and how to ask for help, yet these men and women still need access to support systems and community networks to help identify potential mental health issues. That is why it is critical that we extend this program to protect the wellbeing of all of our soldiers. I am proud to offer this amendment in honor of those who serve in the New Jersey Guard and Reserve and across the Nation, as well as for their families. I thank my colleague, Congresswoman MCSALLY , for her leadership on this issue and for her advocacy on behalf of all servicemembers. I also thank Chairman THORNBERRY  and Ranking Member SMITH for their important work on this critical legislation. I look forward to coming together as Democrats and Republicans to defend our Nation and protect all of those who serve. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chair, I urge adoption of the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of Mr. Rogers’ amendment allocating additional base funding for one of our nation’s most critical battle management command and control platforms: the E–8C Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System, or JSTARS fleet. JSTARS’ critical mission is enabled by leveraging its extremely capable active radar system providing invaluable moving target indicator (MTI) intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance targeting information to multiple users both on the ground and in airborne attack platforms. The demand for MTI capability within each geographic combatant commander’s area of responsibility far exceeds what JSTARS can currently provide due to its limited legacy fleet size of 16 aircraft and strained crew resources. Thankfully, FY18 NDAA includes JSTARS Recapitalization funds, but the legacy fleet of 16 aircraft still has issues and challenges that the Air Force must successfully navigate to maintain viability until the current fleet is replaced by the Recapitalization program beginning in the late 2020s. Despite these issues and challenges, we are confident that the Secretary of the Air Force can develop a successful legacy JSTARS to JSTARS Recapitalization transition plan that would not prematurely retire E–8C aircraft, reassign crews or maintenance personnel, or otherwise increase the MTI ISR capability gap from what existing levels of aircraft are currently experiencing. To do this, we need strong support and necessary resources. That’s why I’m here tonight in supporting additional resources for the JSTARS legacy fleet to update and maintain their critical battle management capabilities. As the premiere military in the world, we cannot afford to let this important military capability deteriorate before our eyes, putting our warfighters and strategic campaigns at risk around the world. One of the greatest duties we have as Members of Congress is to provide for our nation’s defense, and I urge my colleagues to support this measure as well as other provisions supporting our warfighters and ensuring our men and women in uniform have the resources they need to meet the unique security needs of the 21st century. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORN BERRY ). The en bloc amendments were agreed to. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, pursuant to House Resolution 431, I offer a second package of amendments en bloc. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. Amendments en bloc No. 2 consisting of amendment Nos. 32, 33, 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, 40, 41, 42, 43, 44, 45, 46, 47, 48, and 49 printed in part B of House Report 115–212, offered by Mr. THORNBERRY of Texas: 
AMENDMENT NO . 32 OFFERED BY MS . MENG OF  
NEW YORK  At the end of subtitle G of title V, add the following new section: SEC. 5ll. ISSUANCE OF CONSOLIDATED PREGNANCY AND PARENTHOOD INSTRUCTION. 
The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that each military department issues a single, consolidated instruction that addresses the decisions, actions, and requirements for members of the Armed Forces relating to pregnancy, the postpartum period, and parenthood. 
AMENDMENT NO . 33 OFFERED BY MR . CARSON OF  
INDIANA  At the end of subtitle A of title VII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 704. MENTAL HEALTH ASSESSMENTS FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES DEPLOYED IN SUPPORT OF A CONTINGENCY OPERATION. 
Section 1074m(a)(1)(B) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Until January 1, 2019, once’’ and inserting ‘‘Once’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 34 OFFERED BY MS . KUSTER OF  
NEW HAMPSHIRE  Page 204, after line 5, insert the following: 
SEC. 704. COUNSELING AND TREATMENT FOR SUBSTANCE USE DISORDERS AND CHRONIC PAIN MANAGEMENT SERVICES FOR MEMBERS WHO SEPARATE FROM THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 1145(a)(6)(B)(i) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subclause (I)— (A) by inserting ‘‘, substance use disorder,’’ after ‘‘posttraumatic stress disorder’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) by redesignating subclause (II) as subclause (III); and (3) by inserting after subclause (I) the following: ‘‘(II) chronic pain management services, including counseling and treatment of cooccurring mental health disorders and alternatives to opioid analgesics; and’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 35 OFFERED BY MR . LANCE OF  
NEW JERSEY  At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 7ll. PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR TERMINATION OF VETS4WARRIORS CRISIS HOTLINE PROGRAM. 
None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended to terminate the Vets4Warriors crisis hotline program unless the Secretary of Defense has submitted to the congressional defense committees a report describing a sufficient replacement to such program. 
AMENDMENT NO . 36 OFFERED BY MR . PASCRELL  
OF NEW JERSEY  In title VII, at the end of subtitle C add the following: 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit a report to the congressional defense committees on the implementation by the Department of Defense of the recommendations from the Government Accountability Office report entitled ‘‘Actions Needed to Ensure PostTraumatic Stress Disorder and Traumatic Brain Injury Are Considered in Misconduct Separations’’ and published May 16, 2017. 
AMENDMENT NO . 37 OFFERED BY MR . MEEHAN OF  
PENNSYLVANIA  At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 7ll. AUTHORIZATION OF INTERGOVERNMENTAL AGREEMENTS FOR THE PROVISION OF HEALTH SCREENINGS. 
Section 2679(e)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘Such term includes health screenings for conditions relating to the exposure of perfluorooctanesuflonic acid and perfluorooctanoic acid in communities near formerly used defense sites that have been identified by the Secretary of Defense as sources of such acids.’’ AMENDMENT NO . 38 OFFERED BY MS . KUSTER OF  
NEW HAMPSHIRE  At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add the following new section: 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary of Defense shall conduct a study on the effectiveness of the training provided to military health care providers regarding opioid prescribing practices, initiatives in opioid safety, the use of the VA/DOD Clinical Practice Guideline for Management of Opioid Therapy for Chronic Pain, and other related training. (b) ELEMENTS .—The study under subsection (a) shall address the effectiveness of training with respect to the following: (1) Reducing the total number of prescription opioids dispensed by the Department of Defense to beneficiaries of health care furnished by the Department. (2) Reducing the average dosage prescribed by a military health care provider to such beneficiaries. (3) Reducing the average number of doses per prescription for treatment of acute pain. (4) Reducing the average duration of opioid therapy for chronic pain. (5) Reducing the number of overdoses due to prescription opioids for patients with acute pain and patients undergoing opioid therapy for chronic pain. (6) Providing counseling and referrals to treatment alternatives to opioid analgesics. (7) Providing education on the risks of opioid medications to individuals for whom such medications are prescribed, and to their families, with special consideration given to raising awareness among adolescents on such risks. (8) Effectiveness in communicating to military health care providers changes in Department policies regarding opioid safety and prescribing practices. (c) BRIEFING .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a briefing on the results of the study under subsection (a). 
THORNBERRY OF TEXAS  Strike section 802 and insert the following: 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2313a the following new section: ‘‘§ 2313b. Performance of incurred cost audits ‘‘(a) COMPLIANCE WITHSTANDARDS OF RISK 
ANDMATERIALITY .—Not later than October 1, 2020, the Secretary of Defense shall comply with commercially accepted standards of risk and materiality in the performance of each incurred cost audit of costs associated with a contract of the Department of Defense. ‘‘(b) CONDITIONS FOR THE USE OF QUALIFIED  PRIVATE AUDITORS TO PERFORM INCURRED  COSTAUDITS .—(1) The Secretary shall use a qualified private auditor to perform a sufficient number of incurred cost audits of contracts of the Department of Defense in order to ensure that— ‘‘(A) any backlog of incurred cost audits of the Defense Contract Audit Agency is eliminated by October 1, 2020; ‘‘(B) incurred cost audits are completed not later than one year after the date of receipt of a qualified incurred cost submission; 
‘‘(C) sufficient private sector capacity exists to meet the current and future needs of the Department of Defense for the performance of incurred cost audits; ‘‘(D) qualified private auditors are used to perform a substantial number of incurred cost audits on an ongoing basis to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the performance of incurred cost audits; ‘‘(E) the Defense Contract Audit Agency is able to devote ample resources to high priority audits; and ‘‘(F) multiyear auditing is conducted only to address outstanding incurred cost audits for which a qualified incurred cost submission was submitted to the Defense Contract Audit Agency more than 12 months before the date of the enactment of this section. ‘‘(2)(A) Not later than October 1, 2018, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a copy of the acquisition plan required by the Federal Acquisition Regulation for the task order contract to be awarded under subparagraph (B). Such plan shall also include— ‘‘(i) a description of the incurred cost audits that the Secretary determines are appropriate to be conducted by qualified private auditors, including the approximate number and dollar value of such incurred cost audits; and ‘‘(ii) an estimate of the number and dollar value of incurred cost audits to be conducted by qualified private auditors for each of the fiscal years 2019 through 2025 necessary to meet the requirements of paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) Not later than October 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense or a Federal department or agency authorized by the Secretary shall award an indefinite deliveryindefinite quantity task order contract to two or more qualified private auditors to perform incurred cost audits of costs associated with contracts of the Department of Defense. ‘‘(C) The Defense Contract Management Agency, a contract administration office of a military department, or an authorized entity outside of the Department of Defense shall issue a task order to perform an incurred cost audit to a qualified private auditor under a task order contract awarded under subparagraph (B), if issuing such task order will assist the Secretary in meeting the requirements of paragraph (1). Such task order may be issued only to a qualified private auditor that certifies that the qualified private auditor possesses the necessary independence to perform such an audit. ‘‘(D) A qualified private auditor performing an incurred cost audit of a contract of the Department of Defense shall develop and maintain complete and accurate working papers on each incurred cost audit. All working papers and reports on the incurred cost audit prepared by such qualified private auditor shall be the property of the Department of Defense, except that the qualified private auditor may retain a complete copy of all working papers to support such reports made pursuant to this section. ‘‘(E) The Defense Contract Audit Agency may not conduct further audit or review of an incurred cost audit performed by a qualified private auditor pursuant to this section unless requested to do so as part of conducting contract quality assurance functions in accordance with the Federal Acquisition Regulation. ‘‘(3)(A) Effective October 1, 2022, the Defense Contract Audit Agency may issue unqualified audit findings for an incurred cost audit only if the Defense Contract Audit Agency is peer reviewed by a commercial auditor and passes such peer review. This peer review shall be conducted in accordance with the peer review requirements of generally accepted government auditing standards of the Comptroller General of the United States and shall be deemed to meet the requirements of the Defense Contract Audit Agency for a peer review under such standards. ‘‘(B) The peer review referred to in subparagraph (A) shall occur not less frequently than once every three years. ‘‘(C) Not later than October 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives an update on the process of securing a commercial auditor to perform the peer review referred to in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(4) The Secretary of Defense shall consider the results of an incurred cost audit performed under this section without regard to whether the Defense Contract Audit Agency or a qualified private auditor performed the audit. ‘‘(5) The contracting officer for a contract that is the subject of an incurred cost audit shall have the sole discretion to accept or reject an audit finding on direct costs of the contract. ‘‘(c) MATERIALITY STANDARDS FOR INCURRED COSTAUDITS .—(1) Not later than October 1, 2020, and except as provided in paragraph (2), the minimum materiality standard used by an auditor shall— ‘‘(A) for an incurred cost audit of costs in an amount less than or equal to $100,000, be 4 percent of such costs; ‘‘(B) for an incurred cost audit of costs in an amount greater than $100,000 but less than $500,000, be $2,000 plus 2 percent of such costs; ‘‘(C) for an incurred cost audit of costs in an amount greater than $500,000 but less than $1,000,000, be $5,000 plus 1 percent of such costs; ‘‘(D) for an incurred cost audit of costs in an amount greater than $1,000,000 but less than $5,000,000, be $8,000 plus 0.9 percent of such costs; ‘‘(E) for an incurred cost audit of costs in an amount greater than $5,000,000 but less than $10,000,000, be $13,000 plus 0.8 percent of such costs; ‘‘(F) for an incurred cost audit of costs in an amount greater than $10,000,000 but less than $50,000,000, be $23,000 plus 0.7 percent of such costs; ‘‘(G) for an incurred cost audit of costs in an amount greater than $50,000,000 but less than $100,000,000, be $73,000 plus 0.6 percent of such costs; ‘‘(H) for an incurred cost audit of costs in an amount greater than $100,000,000 but less than $500,000,000, be $153,000 plus 0.52 percent of such costs; and ‘‘(I) for an incurred cost audit of costs in an amount greater than $500,000,000, be $503,000 plus 0.45 percent of such costs. ‘‘(2) An auditor that performs an incurred cost audit under this section may use a materiality standard of a lesser amount than the materiality standard described under paragraph (1) with respect to a particular qualified incurred cost submission from a contractor based on an assessment of risk presented by such qualified incurred cost submission. The risk shall be assessed by the auditor in accordance with generally accepted government auditing standards and guidance issued by the Secretary of Defense. ‘‘(3) Not later than March 1, 2019, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on practices for assessing risk and materiality in auditing, which shall include— ‘‘(A) a summary of commercially accepted standards of risk and materiality and Government standards for risk and materiality as related to incurred cost audits; ‘‘(B) examples of how commercial auditing firms apply such standards in developing methodologies for conducting incurred cost audits; and ‘‘(C) recommendations, if appropriate, to modify the minimum materiality standards under paragraph (1) to be consistent with commercially accepted standards of risk and materiality. ‘‘(4) Not later than October 1, 2019, and every 5 years thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on commercially accepted standards of risk and materiality as related to incurred cost audits. The report may contain recommendations to modify the materiality standards under paragraph (1) to be consistent with such commercially accepted standards of risk and materiality. ‘‘(d) TIMELINESS OF INCURRED COST AUDITS.—(1) The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that all incurred cost audits performed pursuant to subsection (b) are performed in a timely manner. ‘‘(2) The Secretary of Defense shall notify a contractor within 60 days after receipt of an incurred cost submission from the contractor whether the submission is a qualified incurred cost submission. ‘‘(3) With respect to qualified incurred cost submissions received on or after the date of the enactment of this section, audit findings shall be issued for an incurred cost audit not later than one year after the date of receipt of such qualified incurred cost submission. ‘‘(4) If audit findings are not issued within one year after the date of receipt of a qualified incurred cost submission, such qualified incurred cost submission shall be considered accepted in its entirety unless the Secretary of Defense can demonstrate that the contractor unreasonably withheld information necessary to perform the incurred cost audit. ‘‘(f) REVIEW OF AUDIT PERFORMANCE .—Not later than April 1, 2025, the Comptroller General of the United States shall provide a report to the congressional defense committees that evaluates for the period beginning on October 1, 2019, and ending on August 31, 2023— ‘‘(1) the timeliness, individual cost, and quality of incurred cost audits, set forth separately by incurred cost audits performed by the Defense Contract Audit Agency and by qualified private auditors; ‘‘(2) the cost to contractors of the Department of Defense for incurred cost audits, set forth separately by incurred cost audits performed by the Defense Contract Audit Agency and by qualified private auditors; ‘‘(3) the effect, if any, on other types of audits conducted by the Defense Contract Audit Agency that results from incurred cost audits conducted by qualified private auditors; and ‘‘(4) the capability and capacity of commercial auditors to conduct incurred cost audits for the Department of Defense. ‘‘(g) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘commercial auditor’ means a private entity engaged in the business of performing audits. ‘‘(2) The term ‘flexibly priced contract’ means— ‘‘(A) a costtype contract, fixedprice incentive fee contract, or priceredeterminable contract, or a task order issued under an indefinite deliveryindefinite quantity task order con 10 tract, for which final payment is based on actual costs incurred; or ‘‘(B) the materials portion of a timeand materials contract or laborhour contract of the Department of Defense. ‘‘(3) The term ‘incurred cost audit’ means an audit of charges to the Government by a contractor under a flexibly priced contract. ‘‘(4) The term ‘materiality standard’ means a dollar amount of misstatements, including omissions, contained in an incurred cost audit that would be material if the 
misstatements, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of the Government made on the basis of the incurred cost audit. ‘‘(5) The term ‘qualified incurred cost submission’ means a submission by a contractor of costs incurred under a flexibly priced contract that has been qualified by the Department of Defense as sufficient to conduct an incurred cost audit. ‘‘(6) The term ‘qualified private auditor’ means a commercial auditor— ‘‘(A) that performs audits in accordance with generally accepted government auditing standards of the Comptroller General of the United States; and ‘‘(B) that has received a passing peer review rating, as defined by generally accepted Government auditing standards.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2313a the following new item: ‘‘2313b. Performance of incurred cost audits.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 40 OFFERED BY MS . FOXX OF  
NORTH CAROLINA  Page 247, strike lines 4 through 7 and insert the following: ‘‘(5) The Director shall develop guidelines and resources on intellectual property matters and make them available to the acquisition workforce. Such guidelines and resources shall include templates for specially negotiated licenses (as appropriate) and a collection of definitions, key terms, examples, and case studies that demonstrate and resolve ambiguities in the differences between— ‘‘(A) detailed manufacturing and process data; ‘‘(B) form, fit, and function data; and ‘‘(C) data required for operations, maintenance, installation, and training.’’. Page 248, line 3, insert after the period the following: ‘‘As part of such communications, the Director shall regularly engage with appropriately representative entities, including large and small businesses, traditional and nontraditional Government contractors, prime contractors and subcontractors, and maintenance repair organizations.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 41 OFFERED BY MR . CONNOLLY  
OF VIRGINIA  At the end of subtitle D of title VIII, add the following new section: 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall develop, make available for public comment, and finalize— (1) a definition of the term ‘‘Procurement Administrative Lead Time’’ or ‘‘PALT’’, to be applied Department of Defensewide, that describes the amount of time from the date on which a solicitation is issued to the date of an initial award of a contract or task order of the Department of Defense; and (2) a plan for measuring and publicly reporting data on PALT for Department of Defense contracts and task orders above the micropurchase threshold. (b) REQUIREMENT FOR DEFINITION .—Unless the Secretary determines otherwise, the amount of time in the definition of PALT developed under subsection (a) shall— (1) begin on the date on which a solicitation is issued for a contract or task order of the Department of Defense by the Secretary of a military department or head of a Defense Agency; and (2) end on the date of an initial award of the contract or task order. (c) DEVIATION FROM PALT M ILESTONES .— The Secretary may deviate from current PALT milestones as the Secretary determines necessary, to develop the definition of PALT under subsection (a). (d) COORDINATION .—In developing the definition of PALT, the Secretary shall coordinate with the senior contracting official of each military department and Defense Agency to determine the variations of the definition in use across the Department of Defense and each military department and Defense Agency. (e) USE OF EXISTING PROCUREMENT DATA SYSTEMS .—In developing the plan for measuring and publicly reporting data on PALT required by subsection (a), the Secretary shall consider, to the maximum extent practicable, relying on the information captured by the Federal procurement data system established pursuant to section 1122(a)(4) of title 41, United States Code (or any similar or successor system). 
AMENDMENT NO . 42 OFFERED BY MR . NOLAN OF  
MINNESOTA  At the end of subtitle D of title VIII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 870A. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING STEEL PRODUCED IN THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (1) Frequent surges in unfairly trade steel imports have materially injured the iron ore and steel industries in the United States, putting our national, economic, and energy security at risk. (2) Highquality American steel products are vital to the success of the United States military and are used in a variety of applications from aircraft carriers to armor plate for tanks. (3) Domestic producers of defenserelated steel products are dependent on the overall financial health of the iron ore and steel industries in the United States. (4) The loss of a strong domestic iron ore and steel industry would make the United States dangerously dependent upon foreign sources of steel, such as China. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that a strong domestic iron ore and steel industry is vital to the national security of the United States. 
AMENDMENT NO . 43 OFFERED BY MR . CONNOLLY  
OF VIRGINIA  At the end of subtitle D of title VIII, add the following: 
(a) E LIMINATION OF SUNSET RELATING TO  TRANSPARENCY AND RISKMANAGEMENT OF  MAJOR INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY INVEST MENTS .—Subsection (c) of section 11302 of title 40, United States Code, is amended by striking the first paragraph (5). (b) ELIMINATION OF SUNSET RELATING TO INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY PORTFOLIO , P ROGRAM , AND RESOURCE REVIEWS .—Section 11319 of title 40, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating the second subsection (c) as subsection (d); and (2) in subsection (d), as so redesignated, by striking paragraph (6). (c) EXTENSION OF SUNSET RELATING TO FEDERAL DATA CENTER CONSOLIDATION INITIA TIVE.—Subsection (e) of section 834 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 44 U.S.C. 3601 note) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 44 OFFERED BY MR . LIPINSKI OF  
ILLINOIS  At the end of subtitle C of title IX, add the following new section: 
SEC. 924. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON COOPERATIVE PROGRAM FOR INFORMATION SECURITY EDUCATION. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Secretary of Defense should provide adequate resources to the Office of the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense and the Defense Procurement Acquisition Policy to enable such entities to establish a cooperative program with the National Institute of Standards and TechnologyManufacturing Extension Partnership; and (2) the cooperative program described in paragraph (1) should— (A) educate and assist small and medium sized manufacturing firms in the Department of Defense supply chain in achieving compliance with NIST Special Publication 800–171 titled ‘‘Protecting Controlled Unclassified Information in Nonfederal Information Systems and Organizations’’ as such publication is incorporated into the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement; (B) highlight the resources available to businesses that have contracts with the Department or that are applying for such contracts; and (C) educate such businesses on— (i) the System Security Plan of the National Institute of Standards and Technology; (ii) the procurement toolbox of the Defense Procurement Acquisition Policy; (iii) the Cyber Security Evaluation Tool of the Department of Homeland Security; and (iv) the risks of using third party companies in assessing compliance with NIST Special Publication 800–171. Page 640, after line 12, insert the following: (c) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the quarterly cyber operations briefings required under section 484 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a), should include an update on the progress of the Secretary of Defense in carrying out the cooperative program described in section 924. 
AMENDMENT NO . 45 OFFERED BY MR . CONAWAY  
OF TEXAS  At the end of subtitle A of title X, add the following new section: 
SEC. 1004. AMENDMENTS TO DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FINANCIAL AUDIT PLAN. 
OFDEFENSE FINANCIAL AUDIT PLAN.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 1003 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 10 U.S.C. 2222 note) is amended by striking ‘‘Financial Improvement and Audit Readiness Plan’’ each place such term appears in heading and text and inserting ‘‘Financial Improvement and Audit Remediation Plan’’. (2) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1003(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 10 U.S.C. 2222 note) is amended by striking ‘‘Financial Improvement and Audit Readiness Plan’’ each place such term appears in heading and text and inserting ‘‘Financial Improvement and Audit Remediation Plan’’ (b) REPORT AND BRIEFING REQUIREMENTS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 1003 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 10 U.S.C. 2222 note) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) REPORT AND BRIEFING REQUIRE MENTS .— ‘‘(1) ANNUAL REPORT .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Not later than March 31, 2019, and annually thereafter, the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the status of the implementation by the Department of Defense of the Financial Improvement and Audit Remediation Plan required by subsection (a). ‘‘(B) ELEMENTS .—Each report under subparagraph (A) shall include, at a minimum— 
‘‘(i) an analysis of the consolidated corrective action plan management summary prepared pursuant to section 1002 of this Act; and ‘‘(ii) current Department of Defensewide information on the status of corrective actions plans related to critical capabilities and material weaknesses, including the standard data elements recommended in the implementation guide for Office of Management and Budget Circular A123, for the armed forces, military departments, and Defense Agencies. ‘‘(2) SEMIANNUAL BRIEFINGS .—Not later than March 31 and October 31 each year, the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) and the Comptrollers of the military departments shall provide a briefing to the congressional defense committees on the status of the corrective action plan. ‘‘(3) CRITICAL CAPABILITIES DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘critical capabilities’ means the critical capabilities described in the Department of Defense report titled ‘Financial Improvement and Audit Readiness (FIAR) Plan Status Report’ and dated May 2016.’’. (2) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) The Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 2222 note) is amended by striking section 881. (B) The National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 10 U.S.C. 2222 note) is amended by striking section 1003. (C) Section 1005(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 10 U.S.C. 2222 note) is amended by striking paragraph (2). (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—Subsection (b) shall take effect December 1, 2017. 
AMENDMENT NO . 46 OFFERED BY MR . BURGESS  
OF TEXAS  At the end of subtitle A of title X, add the following new section: 
Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report ranking all military departments and Defense Agencies in order of how advanced they are in achieving auditable financial statements as required by law. The report should not include information otherwise available in other reports to Congress. 
AMENDMENT NO . 47 OFFERED BY MR . YOHO OF  
FLORIDA  Page 359, after line 4, insert the following: 
SEC. 1026. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS TO CLOSE OR RELINQUISH CONTROL OF UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
None of the funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2018 may be used— (1) to close or abandon United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba; (2) to relinquish control of Guantanamo Bay to the Republic of Cuba; or (3) to implement a material modification to the Treaty Between the United States of America and Cuba signed at Washington, D.C. on May 29, 1934, that constructively closes United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay. 
AMENDMENT NO . 48 OFFERED BY MR . SANFORD  
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  In section 1037(c)(1), strike ‘‘and approvals’’ and insert ‘‘, approvals, and the total costs of all flyover missions, including the costs of fuel, maintenance, and manpower,’’. AMENDMENT NO . 49 OFFERED BY MR . YOHO OF  
FLORIDA  Page 375, after line 8, insert the following: 
SEC. 1040. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR PROVISION OF MANPORTABLE AIR DEFENSE SYSTEMS TO THE VETTED SYRIAN OPPOSITION. 
(a) L IMITATION .—If a determination is made during fiscal year 2018 to use funds available to the Department of Defense for that fiscal year to provide manportable air defense systems (MANPADs) to the vetted Syrian opposition pursuant to the authority in section 1209 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3541), such funds may not be used for that purpose until— (1) the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State jointly submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the determination; and (2) 30 days elapses after the date of the submittal of such report to the appropriate congressional committees. (b) REPORT REQUIREMENTS .—The report under subsection (a) shall set forth the following: — (1) A description of each element of the vetted Syrian opposition that will provided manportable air defense systems as described in subsection (a), including— (A) the geographic location of such element; (B) a detailed intelligence assessment of such element; (C) a description of the alignment of such element within the broader conflict in Syria; and (D) a description and assessment of the assurance, if any, received by the commander of such element in connection with the provision of manportable air defense systems. (2) The number and type of manportable air defense systems to be so provided. (3) The logistics plan for providing and resupplying each element to be so provided manportable air defense systems with additional manportable air defense systems. (4) The duration of support to be provided in connection with the provision of man portable air defense systems. (5) The justification for the provision of manportable air defense systems to each element of the vetted Syrian opposition, including an explanation of the purpose and expected employment of such systems. (6) Any other matters that the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State jointly consider appropriate. (c) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1209(e)(2) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3541). (d) PROHIBITION ON USE OF CERTAIN  FUNDS .—None of the funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act for fiscal year 2018 for ‘‘Counter ISIS Train and Equip Fund’’ Counter may be used to procure or transfer manportable air defense systems (MANPADS). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 431, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORNBERRY ) and the gentleman from Washington (Mr. SMITH) each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I have no requests for time, and I simply urge adoption of this package of en bloc amendments. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume just to clean up a couple of earlier debates we had on amendments. I just wanted to make a couple of arguments. On the nuclear weapons issue, I just want to be clear, we support a strong and robust nuclear deterrence. We are not advocating unilateral disarmament by any stretch of the imagination. We are simply asking: In the budget challenge environment that we have, is this the best use of our money to totally rebuild our entire nuclear weapons system? And the amendments that were offered weren’t even necessarily saying no. They are just saying this is something we ought to study and ought to talk about. And I will, however, disagree with one argument that was made about how somehow it is a myth that over the last 70 years, all of our adversaries are building nuclear weapons in response to the nuclear weapons that we have built. I think that is a big misreading of history. We all recall that we were first to the table on this. And thank goodness we were. It enabled us to end World War II. But we are still the only nation on Earth that has actually used nuclear weapons. And when the Soviet Union developed theirs, we had them and they didn’t. And I think it is a little ridiculous to assume that no part of their thinking was that: Well, if the United States of America, our prime adversary, has nuclear weapons, we better have them, too. 
And then we saw the arms race accelerate, even to the point of the famous debate in 1960, how candidate JOHN KENNEDY talked about the missile gap that we had. That turned out to be a total fabrication. It wasn’t true. We didn’t have that gap. It was unfair to what the Eisenhower administration was doing. But the argument from the other side that the notion of an arms race is ridiculous is something that I think is wrong. Arms races do happen. And part of what we need to do in working with our adversaries is to try to contain them in a reasonable fashion. So I do believe that in many cases, it becomes a self perpetuating thing. We build them, they build them; we build them, they build them. And I hope that part of our nuclear strategy isn’t just building as many nuclear weapons as is humanly possible, but is actually opening up lines of communication with potential adversaries like China, with adversaries like Russia. Now, I will grant you that where North Korea is concerned, and as I have said repeatedly, we have to deter them, but we have the power to destroy North Korea, I think, hundreds of times over. We have the capacity in terms of our weapons systems to deter them. 
So I hope, as we look at modernizing our nuclear weapons systems, we will consider the cost and the effectiveness of doing that. And I know Mr. ROGERS  has offered his thoughtful amendment to give the Department of Defense some opportunity to do that, but that is all we were trying to say on that. On BRAC, a couple of arguments were made at the end there that were somewhat misleading. One was that Secretary Mattis had said that he wanted to totally relook at the situation, implying that Secretary Mattis didn’t think that a BRAC was a good idea. The Pentagon—President Donald Trump’s Pentagon and Secretary Mattis’ Pentagon—recommended a BRAC round that we rejected. So make no mistake about it, the Republican President and Secretary Mattis support a BRAC round. And two more minor points. It was argued that, well, we voted for this bill 60 to 1 out of committee, so we were all in favor of it. Yes, not all, but we were in favor of the bill. This was a small piece of that bill. So to argue in a bill— and forgive me, I don’t know how many pages this year’s bill is. I know last year’s was 1,600—that in a 1,600page bill, if you vote for it, you have got to support absolutely everything in it is a notion that I don’t think any Member would support. Again, I will emphasize an argument that I made with Mr. WILSON on the notion that, well, gosh, they don’t have a study, they haven’t looked at it, they haven’t thought about what they are going to do, when, in fact, it is Congress that has prohibited them legislatively— and I don’t know how many of the last few years, but several of them—from doing that. Let’s at least let them take a look at it to give us the numbers, because the same point as the nuclear weapons issue, as we have heard over and over today, we have crucial readiness shortfalls. In many ways I will agree with the chairman: we are right now not doing right by the men and women who serve in the military by not providing them with the training and the equipment they need to do the missions that we are contemplating having them do. And if that is the case, if we can find savings by not building as many nuclear weapons as we need or by closing institutions that we do not need, then I think that is something that we owe the men and women who serve in the military. And let’s not kid ourselves. This is a very parochial issue. There are a whole bunch of bases in the State of Washington. I don’t want to see any of them closed, but if the military decides that that is the best thing to do, I am not going to stand in the way of it. And I hope, given the dire situation that we face that has been described by my Republican colleagues, that we would put parochial concerns to the side and do what is best for the military, to make sure that we are spending the money as wisely as we possibly can and to make absolutely certain that the men and women who serve are trained, equipped, and ready to fight whatever fight it is we ask them to go into. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of the second en bloc amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. b2300 Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I want to take a moment to address the topics that the gentleman from Washington addressed. First off, I completely agree with him. This bill that we are considering today, tomorrow, and the next day is about 1,000 pages. I don’t agree with it all. It has everything from missile defense to helping spouses pay licenses when they are forced to move from State to State, and I suspect I will not agree with it all at the end of the day. What is important, though, is the overriding obligation we have to support the men and women who risk their lives to protect us. So, I think the gentleman is exactly right. Just because you vote for the bill does not mean you endorse everything in it. And at the same time, even if you disagree with some of the things in it, it is important to support the men and women who serve by voting for the bill, even if you have disagreements. I completely concur with the gentleman on that. When it comes to the nuclear issue, there are a few points I want to make that maybe were not made during the previous debates. Number one is we have drastically fewer nuclear weapons now than we had during the Cold War. I think a lot of people do not realize how significantly fewer weapons and delivery systems we have now than we had all during the fifties, sixties, seventies, and into the eighties. But these are still machines. They do not live forever. Whether you are talking about the weapon itself or the delivery systems, they age; and, as they age, there are chemical reactions, parts wear out, and things change. So they have to be modernized if our deterrent is to remain credible. Now, you can get into an argument about, okay, how many weapons does it take to be credible and what delivery systems are required to penetrate defenses, to hold enough targets at risk, to have that credible defense, but what I think there can be little debate about is that the world is growing more dangerous in the nuclear field. We have seen what happened with North Korea. There is enormous concern about what happens in the Middle East and elsewhere. I believe that our nuclear deterrent is the foundation upon which the rest of our defense efforts are built, and that foundation must remain credible. It has to be rebuilt. My understanding is the estimates are at no point will rebuilding that entire nuclear deterrent require more than 7 percent of any year’s defense budget, 7 percent for the foundation and 93 percent for the House that is built on it. It is essential that we maintain that credible deterrent, and it has got to be big enough to be credible so that a country like China does not think they can build a few more weapons and get to parity with the United States. On the subject of BRAC, I do disagree with the gentleman from Washington on this point. Two years ago, I specifically asked that we have included in the bill that was signed into law a requirement that the Pentagon provide us with an updated cost estimate on excess infrastructure. What we have all been citing is a 2004 estimate that there is about 20 percent excess infrastructure. Twentytwo percent is the number that is often used. What we got back was seven pages of nothing. By the way, that was not prohibited by the bill. It was required by the bill. What I am interested in is a real updated, datadriven study that shows whether we have excess infrastructure and of what sort. And I think that is exactly what Secretary Mattis said. Let me quote his exact sentence: I am not comfortable right now that we have a full 20some percent excess infrastructure. I need to go back through and look at this again because I don’t want to get rid of something that we can’t sustain and then say we have got to go buy some land here in 10 years. 
I think that is what we need is an updated study. And if it shows that we have got excess infrastructure, I am not at all opposed to having another round of BRAC. I am very opposed to having another round like 2005, which, I believe, it is either CBO or GAO, I can’t remember which, says has not yet broken even 12 years later. It still costs more money than it has, and it has not started to save yet. So I don’t want a repeat of that. I am interested if it shows that we do have excess infrastructure and a way to deal with that. Secretary Mattis, I believe, shares that view, but until we see the data, I am not supportive of another round. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. THORNBERRY. I yield to the gentleman. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, it is not clear that it has got a prohibition on a study, nor does it call for one. So as we get into conference, I think it might be a worthwhile thing to say that we authorize, ask—you know, and I am not sure if this is something the Defense Department can do without our authorization or not, but it is something that we should discuss as we get into conference, to have them do that study. I think that would be an excellent first step, but I am not sure that we 
cover it in this bill. Maybe we do, and we can figure that out over the course of the next 48 hours. But if it doesn’t, that is something that I think we ought to try to do. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the point. I am not convinced that the gentleman and I really differ on this point. What the bill says, now, is: ‘‘Nothing in this act shall be construed to authorize an additional base alignment and closure round.’’ That is what it says. It says we don’t authorize it, of course. It does not prohibit a study to say whether we ought to. Again, I would welcome a real datadriven study that will help us reach that conclusion. Mr. Chairman, this is just further evidence that there is a wide range of issues and discussions to have on this bill, all for that purpose of supporting the men and women who serve our Nation. I support en bloc package No. 2. I urge my colleagues to, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of the bipartisan amendment I introduced with Congressman TOMROONEY from Florida. The amendment would require the Secretary of Defense to report to Congress within 180 days on the implementation of recommendations from a recent Government Accountability Office (GAO) report entitled ‘‘Actions Needed to Ensure PostTraumatic Stress Disorder and Traumatic Brain Injury Are Considered in Misconduct Separations,’’ which was released in May 2017. GAO found that some of the service branch policies related to the consideration of traumatic brain injury (TBI) and posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) in ‘‘other than honorable’’ discharges were inconsistent with Department of Defense policy. To remedy these inconsistencies, DOD issued five recommendations. As the cochair and cofounder of the Congressional Brain Injury Task Force, I have worked to address the effects brain injuries have on both the military and civilian populations. TBI and PTSD have been recognized as the signature injuries of the Wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. Estimates from the RAND Corporation in 2008 estimated that nearly 20 percent—or 320,000—of the 1.6 million men and women deployed to Iraq and Afghanistan sustained a brain injury while in the line of duty. Additionally, between 11–20 percent of Operations Iraqi Freedom and Enduring Freedom have PTSD in a given year, according to the Department of Veteran Affairs (VA). Given the impact that TBI and PTSD have on an individual’s behavior and decisionmaking skills, it is imperative that these conditions are accurately diagnosed in a timely manner. It is also important that these conditions receive appropriate consideration when a servicemember is discharged for misconduct. According to the GAO’s report, in the case of 16 percent of the separations for misconduct that the GAO examined, the servicemembers suffered from PTSD or TBI. Additionally, the GAO found that two of the four branches of the military have policies inconsistent with DOD’s policy on the impact of TBI and PTSD on separations for misconduct. It is troubling that the Army and Marine Corps may not have adhered to their own screening, training, and counseling policies related to PTSD and TBI. That is why it is imperative that DOD’s policies are implemented consistently across all of the military services and that there is adequate oversight of adherence. When an individual receives an ‘‘other than honorable’’ discharge, he or she may not be eligible for health benefits through the VA. A lack of health coverage is problematic for anyone, but especially so for individuals suffering from TBI or PTSD. DOD policy requires that servicemembers requesting separation in lieu of trial by courtmartial be counseled on the negative consequences of this type of separation. However, of the 48 separation packets the GAO examined, 11 had unclear or undocumented evidence that counseling took place. If servicemembers are agreeing to less than honorable discharges, they need to understand the consequences of that decision. After the release of this report, I sent a letter to DOD Secretary James Mattis urging him to give due consideration to the recommendations made by the GAO. We must ensure the department provides accurate and timely diagnosis of PTSD and TBI in determining separation for misconduct, consistent policies across all branches of the military with accountability, and adequate counseling for servicemembers about the consequences of separation for misconduct, including the loss of health benefits. This amendment is supported by the Brain Injury Association of America, the National Association of State Head Injury Administrators, and the U.S. Brain Injury Alliance. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORN BERRY ). The en bloc amendments were agreed to. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, pursuant to House Resolution 431, I offer a third package of amendments en bloc. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. YOHO). The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. Amendments en bloc No. 3 consisting of amendment Nos. 50, 51, 52, 53, 54, 55, 56, 57, 58, 59, 60, 61, 62, 63, 64, 65, 66, 67, and 68 printed in part B of House Report 115–212, offered by Mr. THORN BERRY of Texas: 
AMENDMENT NO . 50 OFFERED BY MRS . TORRES  
OF CALIFORNIA  Page 375, after line 8, insert the following: 
SEC. 1040. DETERMINATION REGARDING TRANSFER OF DEFENSE ARTICLES TO UNITS COMMITTING GROSS VIOLATIONS OF HUMAN RIGHTS. 
(a) D ETERMINATION REQUIRED .—In carrying out the Golden Sentry program to monitor enduse compliance of the government of a foreign state to which defense articles and services have been provided, the Director of the Defense Security Cooperation Agency, in consultation with the appropriate United States embassy personnel in the foreign state, shall determine whether the government of the foreign state has transferred any defense article to a unit that is prohibited from receiving assistance from the United States by reason of a determination by the Secretary of State that there is credible evidence that such unit has committed a gross violation of human rights. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on the implementation of subsection (a). 
AMENDMENT NO . 51 OFFERED BY MR . YOUNG OF  
ALASKA  Page 396, strike lines 17 through 24 and insert the following: 
SEC. 1052. REPORT ON DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ARCTIC CAPABILITY AND RESOURCE GAPS AND REQUIRED INFRASTRUCTURE. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth— (1) necessary steps the Department of Defense is undertaking to resolve arctic security capability and resource gaps; and (2) the requirements and investment plans for military infrastructure required to protect United States national security interests in the arctic region. Page 397, after line 21, insert the following: (c) ADDITIONAL ELEMENTS .—The report under subsection (a) shall also include the following: (1) A review of United States national security interests in the arctic region, including strategic national assets, United States citizens, territory, freedom of navigation, and economic and trade interests in the region. (2) A description of United States military capabilities needed for operations in arctic terrain, including types of forces, major weapon systems, and logistics required for operations in such terrain. (3) A description of the installations, infrastructure, and deep water ports for deployment of assets required to support operations in the arctic region, including the stationing, deployment, and training of military forces for operations in the region. (4) An investment plan to establish the installations and infrastructure required for operations in the arctic region. 
AMEMDMENT NO . 52 OFFERED BY MR . EVANS OF  
PENNSYLVANIA  Page 409, after line 2, insert the following: 
SEC. 1058. REPORT ON POTENTIAL AGREEMENT WITH THE GOVERNMENT OF RUSSIA ON THE STATUS OF SYRIA. 
Before entering into any agreement or understanding with the government of Russia regarding the status of Syria, the President shall submit to Congress a report that includes— (1) a description of any understanding between the President and the government of Russia regarding a plan to divide territory among parties to the conflict; and (2) a description of any such understanding that would provide Iran with access to the border between Israel and Syria. 
AMENDMENT NO . 53 OFFERED BY MR . CORREA OF  
CALIFORNIA  Page 409, after line 2, insert the following: 
SEC. 1058. REPORT ON PRIOR ATTEMPTED RUSSIAN CYBER ATTACKS AGAINST DEFENSE SYSTEMS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Director of National Intelligence, shall submit to the Congress a written report on all attempts to breach, intrude, or otherwise hack into Department of Defense systems that— (1) occurred during the last 24month period ending on the date of the enactment of this Act; and 
(2) were attributable either to the government of the Russian Federation or actors substantially supported by the government of the Russian Federation. (b) FORM OF REPORT .—The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
AMENDMENT NO . 54 OFFERED BY MR . BRENDAN F . 
BOYLE OF PENNSYLVANIA  Page 409, after line 2, insert the following: 
SEC. 1058. REPORT ON ALTERNATIVES TO AQUEOUS FILM FORMING FOAM. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the Department’s status toward developing a new military specification for safe and effective alternatives to aqueous film forming foam (hereinafter referred to as ‘‘AFFF’’) that do not contain perfluorooctanoic acid (hereinafter referred to as ‘‘PFOA’’) or erfluorooctanesulfonic acid (hereinafter referred to as ‘‘PFOS’’). (b) ELEMENTS .—The report required by subparagraph (1) shall include the following: (1) A detailed explanation of the Department’s status toward developing a new military specification for safe and effective alternatives to AFFF that do not contain PFOA or PFOS. (2) An update on the Department’s plans for replacing AFFF containing PFOA or PFOS at military installations across the country and methods of disposal for AFFF containing PFOA or PFOS. (3) An overview of current and planned research and development for AFFF alternatives that do not contain PFOA or PFOS. (4) An assessment of how the establishment of a maximum contaminant level for PFOA or PFOS under the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq), rather than the current health advisory level, would impact the Department’s mitigation actions, prioritization of such actions, and research and development related to PFOA and PFOS. 
AMENDMENT NO . 55 OFFERED BY MRS . WALORSKI  
OF INDIANA  At the end of subtitle E of title X, add the following new section: 
(a) R EPORT ON PROJECT , PROGRAM , AND PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT STANDARDS .— (1) REPORT .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall deliver, not later than 90 days after enactment, a report to Congress on the adoption of project, program, and portfolio management standards within the Department of Defense. (2) ELEMENTS .—The report under paragraph (1) shall address, at a minimum, the following: (A) Existing policy, guidance, and instruction of the Department of Defense related to project, program, and portfolio management. (B) An assessment of how the Department of Defense can incorporate nationally accredited standards for project, program, and portfolio management—as required by Public Law 104–113 and Public Law 114–264—into its existing project, program, and portfolio management policy, guidance, and instruction, as well as how it may replace or revise existing policy, guidance, and instruction related to project, program, and portfolio management. (b) REPORT ON DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT .— (1) REPORT .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall deliver, not later than nine months after enactment, a report to Congress on enhancing portfolio management capabilities and structure within the Department of Defense. (2) ELEMENTS .—The report under paragraph (1) shall address, at a minimum, the following: (A) Existing policy and guidance of the Department of Defense related to portfolio management, the management and alignment of portfolios of projects and programs to realize organization strategy and objectives. (B) An assessment of how milestone decision authority and budget allocations in a portfolio management model at the enterprise, Program Executive Officer, and Service Acquisition Executive levels could be revised in a manner consistent with the existing Defense Acquisition Management System framework and Office of Management and guidance set forth in Office of Management and Budget Circular A–11 to streamline decisionmaking authority and enhance agility, including the appropriate roles for developing, managing, and overseeing portfolio strategies, portfolio roadmaps and portfolio documentation, portfolio decisionmaking, and portfolio budget decisions. (C) An assessment of portfolio organizational structures within government and industry with the potential to improve integration of overall Department of Defense enterprise strategy and program execution. (D) An assessment of nationally accredited standardsbased portfolio management models for adoption by the Department of Defense to manage its portfolios of projects and programs and streamline decisionmaking. (E) An assessment of the Department of Defense’s existing standards, policy, guidance, and instruction for portfolio management and how the adoption of nationally accredited standards for portfolio management may replace or revise existing policy, guidance and instruction. (F) Any other matters related to Department of Defense portfolio management the Comptroller General determines are relevant. 
AMENDMENT NO . 56 OFFERED BY MR . HARPER OF  
MISSISSIPPI  Add at the end of subtitle F of title X the following: 
SEC. 10l. PROVIDING ASSISTANCE TO HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES IN RESPONSE TO CYBERSECURITY EVENTS. 
(a) P ROVISION OF ASSISTANCE .—If the Speaker of the House of Representatives (or the Speaker’s designee), with the concurrence of the Minority Leader of the House of Representatives (or the Minority Leader’s designee), determines that a cybersecurity event has occurred and that containing, mitigating, or resolving the event exceeds the resources of the House of Representatives, then notwithstanding any other provision of law or any rule, regulation, or executive order— (1) the Speaker may request assistance in responding to the event from the head of any Executive department, military department, or independent establishment; (2) not later than 24 hours after receiving the request, the head of the department or establishment shall begin to provide appropriate assistance in response to the incident, including (if necessary) restoring the information systems of the House to an operational state which allows for the continuation of the legislative process and for Members, officers, and employees of the House to continue to meet their official and representational duties; and (3) such assistance shall be provided without reimbursement by the House of Representatives. (b) SCOPE OF ASSISTANCE .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The assistance provided to the Speaker by the head of a department or establishment under this section may consist only of a type that the head of the department or establishment is authorized under law to provide to the department or establishment, another Executive department, military department, or independent establishment, or a private entity. (2) CONNECTIONS BETWEEN DEPARTMENT OR  
ESTABLISHMENT AND HOUSE INFORMATION SYS TEMS .—In providing assistance under this section— (A) personnel of a department or establishment may not log onto the information systems of the House without the authorization of the Speaker (or the Speaker’s designee); and (B) personnel of a department or establishment may provide the House with access to technological support services of the department or establishment, including by authorizing personnel or systems of the House to connect with and operate services or programs of the department or establishment with guidance from subject matter experts of the department or establishment. (c) TERMINATION OF ASSISTANCE .— (1) TERMINATION UPON NOTICE FROM SPEAK ER.—After initiating assistance under this section, the head of the department or establishment shall continue providing assistance until the Speaker (or Speaker’s designee) notifies the head of the department or establishment that the cybersecurity incident has terminated and that it is no longer necessary for the department or establishment to provide postincident assistance. (2) REMOVAL OF TECHNOLOGICAL SUPPORT  
SERVICES .—Upon receiving notice from the Speaker under paragraph (1), the head of the department or establishment shall ensure that any technological support services or programs of the department or establishment are removed from the information systems of the House, and that personnel of the department or establishment are no longer monitoring such systems. (d) COMPLIANCE WITH EXISTING STAND ARDS .—In providing assistance under this section, the head of the Executive department, military department, or independent establishment shall meet the requirements of section 113 of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31). (e) NOEFFECT ON OTHER AUTHORITY TO  PROVIDE SUPPORT .—Nothing in this section may be construed to affect the authority of an Executive department, military department, or independent establishment to provide any support, including cybersecurity support, to the House of Representatives under any other law, rule, or regulation. (f) DEFINITIONS .—In this section, each of the terms ‘‘Executive department’’, ‘‘military department’’, and ‘‘independent establishment’’ has the meaning given such term in chapter 1 of title 5, United States Code. 
AMENDMENT NO . 57 OFFERED BY MR . SEAN  
PATRICK MALONEY OF NEW YORK  In title X, at the end of subtitle F add the following: 
SEC. ll. REVIEW AND UPDATE OF REGULATIONS GOVERNING DEBT COLLECTORS INTERACTIONS WITH UNIT COMMANDERS OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall review and update Department of Defense Directive 1344.09 and any associated regulations to ensure that such regulations comply with Federal consumer protection laws with respect to the collection of debt. 
AMENDMENT NO . 58 OFFERED BY MS . HANABUSA  
OF HAWAII  Page 451, after line 6, insert the following: 
SEC. 1073. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING PACIFIC WAR MEMORIAL. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress recognizes that there is currently no memorial that specifically honors the members of the United States Armed Forces who served in the Pacific Theater of World War II, also known as the Pacific War. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that a Pacific War memorial should be established at a suitable location at or near the Pearl Harbor site of the World War II Valor in the Pacific National Monument in Honolulu, Hawaii. 
AMENDMENT NO . 59 OFFERED BY MR . KILMER OF  
WASHINGTON  At the end of title XI, insert the following: 
SEC. 1109. EXTENSION OF OVERTIME RATE AUTHORITY FOR DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY EMPLOYEES PREFORMING WORK ABOARD OR DOCKSIDE IN SUPPORT OF THE NUCLEARPOWERED AIRCRAFT CARRIER FORWARD DEPLOYED IN JAPAN. 
Section 5542(a)(6)(B) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2019’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 60 OFFERED BY MR . GALLEGO  
OF ARIZONA  At the end of subsection (b) of section 1212, add the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) A description of— ‘‘(A) support provided to the Taliban, al Qaeda, the Haqqani network, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, and other terrorist organizations operating in Afghanistan by Russia, Iran, Pakistan, and other countries; and ‘‘(B) United States military and diplomatic efforts to disrupt such support.’’. 
ROHRABACHER OF CALIFORNIA  At the end of subtitle B of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12xx. SENSE OF CONGRESS RELATING TO DR. SHAKIL AFRIDI. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (1) The attacks of September 11, 2001, killed approximately 3,000 people, most of whom were Americans, but also included hundreds of individuals with foreign citizenships, nearly 350 New York Fire Department personnel, and about 50 law enforcement officers. (2) Downed United Airlines flight 93 was reportedly intended, under the control of the alQaeda highjackers, to crash into the White House or the Capitol in an attempt to kill the President of the United States or Members of the United States Congress. (3) The September 11, 2001, attacks were largely planned and carried out by the al Qaeda terrorist network led by Osama bin Laden and his deputy Ayman al Zawahiri, after which Osama bin Laden enjoyed safe haven in Pakistan from where he continued to plot deadly attacks against the United States and the world. (4) Since 2001, the United States has provided more than $30 billion in security and economic aid to Pakistan. (5) The United States very generously and swiftly responded to the 2005 Kashmir Earthquake in Pakistan with more than $200 million in emergency aid and the support of several United States military aircraft, approximately 1,000 United States military personnel, including medical specialists, thousands of tents, blankets, water containers and a variety of other emergency equipment. (6) The United States again generously and swiftly contributed approximately $150 million in emergency aid to Pakistan following the 2010 Pakistan flood, in addition to the service of nearly twenty United States military helicopters, their flight crews, and other resources to assist the Pakistan Army’s relief efforts. (7) The United States continues to work tirelessly to support Pakistan’s economic development, including millions of dollars allocated towards the development of Pakistan’s energy infrastructure, health services and education system. (8) The United States and Pakistan continue to have many critical shared interests, both economic and security related, which could be the foundation for a positive and mutually beneficial partnership. (9) Dr. Shakil Afridi, a Pakistani physician, is a hero to whom the people of the United States, Pakistan and the world owe a debt of gratitude for his help in finally locating Osama bin Laden before more innocent American, Pakistani and other lives were lost to this terrorist leader. (10) Pakistan, the United States and the international community had failed for nearly 10 years following attacks of September 11, 2001, to locate and bring Osama bin Laden, who continued to kill innocent civilians in the Middle East, Asia, Europe, Africa and the United States, to justice without the help of Dr. Afridi. (11) The Government of Pakistan’s imprisonment of Dr. Afridi presents a serious and growing impediment to the United States’ bilateral relations with Pakistan. (12) The Government of Pakistan has leveled and allowed baseless charges against Dr. Afridi in a politically motivated, spurious legal process. (13) Dr. Afridi is currently imprisoned by the Government of Pakistan, a deplorable and unconscionable situation which calls into question Pakistan’s actual commitment to countering terrorism and undermines the notion that Pakistan is a true ally in the struggle against terrorism. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that Dr. Shakil Afridi is an international hero and that the Government of Pakistan should release him immediately from prison. 
AMENDMENT NO . 62 OFFERED BY MS . SINEMA OF  
ARIZONA  Page 475, after line 15, insert the following new paragraph: (9) A description of amounts and sources of Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant financing in Syria and efforts to disrupt this financing as part of the broader strategy of the United States in Syria. 
AMENDMENT NO . 63 OFFERED BY MR . CONYERS  
OF MICHIGAN  At the end of subtitle C of title XII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 12l. REPORT ON MERITS OF AN INCIDENTS AT SEA AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES, IRAN, AND CERTAIN OTHER COUNTRIES. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report assessing the relative merits of a multilateral or bilateral Incidents at Sea militarytomilitary agreement between the United States, the Government of Iran, and other countries operating in the Persian Gulf aimed at preventing accidental naval conflict in the Persian Gulf and the Strait of Hormuz. (b) MATTERS TO BEINCLUDED .—Such assessment should consider and evaluate the current maritime security situation in the Persian Gulf and the effect that such an agreement might have on military and other maritime activities in the region, as well as other United States regional strategic interests. (c) FORM.—The report required by this section shall be submitted in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex. (d) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
AMENDMENT NO . 64 OFFERED BY MR . KIHUEN OF  
NEVADA  At the end of subtitle C of title XII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 12l. EXTENSION OF QUARTERLY REPORTS ON CONFIRMED BALLISTIC MISSILE LAUNCHES FROM IRAN AND IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS IN CONNECTION WITH THOSE LAUNCHES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (1) Iran continues to test ballistic missile technology notwithstanding the restrictions imposed under United Nations Security Council Resolution 2231 (2015). (2) On January 29, 2017, Iran tested the mediumrange Khorramshahr ballistic missile that flew 600 miles before exploding, in a failed test of a reentry vehicle. (3) According to press reports, in March 2017 Iran tested two shortrange Fateh 110 ballistic missiles. (4) Iran has inscribed antiIsrael propaganda on its missiles, including ‘‘Israel should be wiped off the Earth’’. (b) EXTENSION .—Section 1226(e) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2487) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2022’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 65 OFFERED BY MR . HASTINGS  
OF FLORIDA  At the end of subtitle C of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. REPORT ON STEPS AND PROTOCOLS RELATED TO THE RESCUE, CARE, AND TREATMENT OF CAPTIVES OF THE ISLAMIC STATE. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Congress a report containing each of the following: (1) A description of any steps the Department of Defense is taking to ensure coordination between the Armed Forces of the United States and local forces in conducting military operations in regions controlled by the Islamic State where religious or minority groups are known or thought to be held captive, in order to incorporate the rescue of such captives as a secondary objective. (2) A description of any protocols that will be put in place by the Department of Defense, including protocols developed in coordination with the Government of Iraq, for the care and treatment of religious or minority groups rescued from captivity under the Islamic State, including any protocol for relocating such groups of captives to safe locations. (b) FORM.—The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
AMENDMENT NO . 66 OFFERED BY MR . WILSON OF  
SOUTH CAROLINA  At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add the following new section: 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (1) The Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, also known as North Korea, continues 
to develop a ballistic and nuclear weapons development program that poses a grave threat to the United States, United States allies the Republic of Korea, Japan, and Australia, and to regional and global security. (2) North Korea continues to escalate the pace and number of its ballistic missile launches, and to date has conducted five nuclear tests. (3) On July 4, 2017, North Korea conducted the first test of an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) it claims is capable of reaching United States territory, which, if reliable and effective, constitutes a new threat to America’s security. (4) On June 3, 2017, Secretary of Defense James Mattis stated, during remarks at the ShangriLa Dialogue, that ‘‘the current North Korea program signals a clear intent to acquire nuclear armed ballistic missiles, including those of intercontinental range that pose direct and immediate threats to our allies, our partners and all the world’’. (5) On April 27, 2017, Admiral Harry Harris, Jr., Commander of the United States Pacific Command, testified that ‘‘North Korea continues to disregard United Nations sanctions by developing, and threatening to use intercontinental ballistic missiles and nuclear weapons that will threaten the U.S. Homeland.’’. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the United States should act to counter North Korea’s continued development and testing of nuclear weapons and intercontinental ballistic missiles; (2) the development of a functional and operational North Korean nuclear and intercontinental ballistic missile program constitutes a threat to the security of the United States and to our allies and partners in the region; (3) the defense of the United States and our allies against North Korean aggression remains a top priority, and the United States maintains an unwavering and steadfast commitment to the policy of extended deterrence, especially with respect to South Korea and Japan; (4) the United States supports the deployment of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system in South Korea to counter North Korea’s missile threat and the deployment of ballistic missile defense systems to allies in the IndoAsiaPacific region to protect from the growing threat of North Korea’s nuclear weapons and ballistic missile programs; (5) the United States should encourage further multilateral security cooperation and dialogue among South Korea, Japan, and Australia to address the North Korea threat; (6) the United States calls upon the People’s Republic of China to use its leverage to pressure North Korea to cease its provocative behavior and abandon and dismantle its nuclear and ballistic missile programs, and comply with all relevant United Nations Security Council resolutions; (7) the United States should fully enforce all existing sanctions on North Korea and undertake a comprehensive diplomatic effort to urge allies and other countries to fully enforce, and build upon, existing international sanctions; and (8) the United States should retain diplomatic, economic, and military options to defend against and pressure North Korea to abandon its illicit weapons program. 
AMENDMENT NO . 67 OFFERED BY MR . BERA OF  
CALIFORNIA  At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add the following new section: SEC. 12l. STRATEGY TO FURTHER UNITED STATESINDIA DEFENSE COOPERATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall develop a strategy for advancing defense cooperation between the United States and India. (b) ELEMENTS .—The strategy shall address the following: (1) Common security challenges. (2) The role of United States partners and allies in the United StatesIndia defense relationship. (3) The role of the Defense Technology and Trade Initiative. (4) How to advance the Communications Interoperability and Security Memorandum of Agreement and the Basic Exchange and Cooperation Agreement for Geospatial Cooperation. (5) Any other matters the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of State determines to be appropriate. 
AMENDMENT NO . 68 OFFERED BY MR . WALZ OF  
MINNESOTA  At the end of subtitle H of title XII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 1282. REPORT BY DEFENSE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY ON CERTAIN MILITARY CAPABILITIES OF CHINA AND RUSSIA. 
(a) R EPORT .—The Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency shall submit to the Secretary of Defense and the appropriate congressional committees a report on the military capabilities of the People’s Republic of China and the Russian Federation. (b) MATTERS INCLUDED .—The report under subsection (a) shall include, with respect to the military of China and the military of Russia, the following: (1) An update on the presence, status, and capability of the military with respect to any national training centers similar to the Combat Training Center Program of the United States. (2) An analysis of a readiness deployment cycle of the military, including— (A) as compared to such a cycle of the United States; and (B) an identification of metrics used in the national training centers of that military. (3) A comprehensive investigation into the capability and readiness of the mechanized logistics of the army of the military, including— (A) an analysis of field maintenance, sustainment maintenance, movement control, intermodal operations, and supply; and (B) how such functions under subparagraph (A) interact with specific echelons of that military. (4) An assessment of the future of mechanized army logistics of that military. (c) NONDUPLICATION OF EFFORTS .—The De fense Intelligence Agency may make use of or add to any existing reports completed by the Agency in order to respond to the reporting requirement. (d) FORM.—The report under subsection (a) may be submitted in classified form. (e) BRIEFING .—The Director shall provide a briefing to the Secretary and the committees specified in subsection (a) on the report under such subsection. (f) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT TEES.—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate; and (2) the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 431, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORNBERRY ) and the gentleman from Washington (Mr. SMITH) each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I urge Members to support en bloc package No. 3, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I urge Members to support the en bloc package, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Chair, thank you for this opportunity to highlight my amendment, floor amendment Number 58 to H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA). Among the battles fought by the United States (U.S.) during World War II were many battles throughout the Pacific, sometimes referred to as the AsiaPacific. From 1941 through 1945, U.S. service members fought on land, in the air, and at sea through numerous South Pacific islands to secure peace and defend our democracy and freedom. Our nation suffered over 150,000 casualties in the war. My amendment recognizes that while Pearl Harbor memorializes the beginning of the Pacific War (the USS Arizona) and the end of the Pacific War (the USS Missouri), there is no memorial honoring our service members who defended our country and gave their lives during the Pacific War. As such, my amendment expresses the sense of Congress that there should be such a memorial established at or near the Pearl Harbor site of the World War II Valor in the Pacific National Monument in Honolulu, Hawai‘i. The idea for a Pacific War Memorial originated with Admiral Lloyd ‘‘Joe’’ Vasey, who turned 100 years old earlier this year. Admiral Vasey served aboard the submarine USS Gunnel in the Pacific during World War II, under John S. McCain, Jr., father of U.S. Senator JOHN MCCAIN. During a fierce battle aboard the Gunnel, Admiral Vasey thought to himself, ‘‘There has to be a better way to resolve international disputes.’’ Years later, Admiral Vasey put that thought into action and founded the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS), also known as the Pacific Forum, to promote peace in the Asia Pacific. In the words of Admiral Vasey: ‘‘There is no recognition of the brave Americans who were lost in the Pacific War...  They are resting on the bottom of the Pacific Ocean somewhere, or their remains are scattered across the South Pacific islands. We need to honor them, and their families need a place to mourn.’’ I wholeheartedly agree with Admiral Vasey and feel strongly that the location of such a memorial should be in Hawai‘i, preferably at Pearl Harbor near the USS Arizona and USS Missouri. It would be fitting to share the stories of the brave service members who fought and gave their lives in the Pacific War alongside sites that commemorate events and other U.S. service members of the Pacific during World War II. I thank my House colleagues for supporting Admiral Vasey’s idea and my amendment to H.R. 2810. I look forward to continuing my work with my colleagues to make Admiral 
Vasey’s desire for a Pacific War memorial a reality. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORN BERRY ). The en bloc amendments were agreed to. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, pursuant to House Resolution 431, I offer a fourth package of amendments en bloc. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ). The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. Amendments en bloc No. 4 consisting of amendment Nos. 69, 70, 71, 72, 73, 74, 75, 76, 77, 78, 79, 80, 81, 82, 83, 84, 85, 86, and 87 printed in part B of House Report 115–212, offered by Mr. THORN BERRY of Texas: 
AMENDMENT NO . 69 OFFERED BY MR . TURNER OF  
OHIO At the end of subtitle H of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE NORTH ATLANTIC TREATY ORGANIZATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (1) The North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) has been the cornerstone of transatlantic security cooperation and an enduring instrument for promoting stability in Europe and around the world for over 65 years. (2) NATO currently faces a range of security challenges, including Russian aggression in Eastern Europe and instability and conflict in the Middle East and North Africa. (3) In light of these and other threats, NATO must have a credible deterrence to defend NATO members, if necessary, against adversaries or threats. (4) Since the 2014 NATO summit in Wales and the 2016 summit in Warsaw, NATO has made progress in implementing a Readiness Action Plan to enhance allied readiness and collective defense in response to Russian aggression. However, much work remains to be done. (5) NATO’s solidarity is strengthened by bolstering its conventional and nuclear deterrence, increasing defense spending by NATO members, and continuing the enlargement of NATO. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) NATO members should— (A) continue to advance the NATO Open Door Policy and build on the successes of previous enlargement initiatives; (B) continue to work with countries that are seeking to join NATO to prepare for entry; (C) commend Montenegro’s final accession to NATO; (D) seek a Dayton II agreement to resolve the constitutional issues faced by Bosnia and Herzegovina; (E) work with the Republic of Kosovo to prepare the country for entrance into the NATO Partnership for Peace program; (F) continue support for the NATO Membership Action Plan for Georgia; (G) implement specific plans to ensure that sufficient investments are made to meet NATO responsibilities, including by allocating at least 2 percent of each member’s gross domestic product to defense spending, 20 percent of which should be dedicated to major equipment procurement, as agreed at the 2014 Wales Summit and reaffirmed at the 2016 Warsaw Summit; (H) continue to build on efforts to identify and address, through consensus, the security threats facing the alliance, such as by enhancing counterterrorism activities; (I) continue to bolster deterrence efforts and promote the Enhanced Forward Presence in Eastern Europe; (J) as decided at the 2016 Warsaw Summit, use the new rotational deployments of four multinational combat battalions in Poland, Lithuania, Latvia, and Estonia to promote stability in that region as well as to deter Russian aggression; and (K) invest in infrastructure projects necessary to guarantee free and efficient movement throughout the territories of NATO members; and (2) the United States should commit to maintaining a robust military presence in Europe as a means of promoting allied interoperability, providing visible assurance to NATO allies, and deterring Russian aggression in the region. AMENDMENT NO . 70 OFFERED BY MR . TROTT OF  
MICHIGAN  At the end of subtitle H of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE EXPORT OF DEFENSE ARTICLES TO TURKEY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) on June 6, 2017, the House of Representatives voted unanimously to pass H. Res. 354, condemning the violence that took place outside the Turkish Ambassador’s residence on May 16, 2017, and calling on the perpetrators to be brought to justice under United States law; and (2) the security force that participated in this violence may be the recipient of arms exported from the United States under a proposed deal. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the proposed sale of semiautomatic handguns for export to Turkey should remain under scrutiny until a satisfactory and appropriate resolution is reached to the violence described in subsection (a)(1). 
AMENDMENT NO . 71 OFFERED BY MR . ENGEL OF  
NEW YORK  At the end of subtitle H of title XII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 12l. STRATEGY TO IMPROVE DEFENSE INSTITUTIONS AND SECURITY SECTOR FORCES IN NIGERIA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that contains a comprehensive strategy to support improvements in defense institutions and security sector forces in Nigeria. (b) MATTERS TO BEINCLUDED .—The report required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) An assessment of the threats posed by terrorist and other militant groups operating in Nigeria, including Boko Haram, ISISWA, and Niger Delta militants, as well as a description of the origins, strategic aims, tactical methods, funding sources, and leadership structures of each such organization. (2) An assessment of efforts by the Government of Nigeria to improve civilian protection, accountability for human rights violations, and transparency in the defense institutions and security sector forces. (3) A description of the key international and United States diplomatic, development, intelligence, military, and economic resources available to address instability across Nigeria, and a plan to maximize the coordination and effectiveness of these resources to counter the threats posed by Boko Haram, ISISWA, and Niger Delta militants. (4) An assessment of efforts undertaken by the security forces of the Government of Nigeria to improve the protection of civilians in the context of— (A) ongoing military operations against Boko Haram in the northeast region; (B) addressing farmerherder land disputes in the Middle Belt; (C) renewed militant attacks on oil and gas infrastructure in the Delta; and (D) addressing proBiafra protests in the southeast region. (5) An assessment of the effectiveness of the Civilian Joint Task Force that has been operating in parts of northeastern Nigeria in order to ensure that underage youth are not participating in governmentsponsored vigilante activity in violation of the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008 (Public Law 110– 340). (6) An assessment of the options for the Government of Nigeria to eventually incorporate the Civilian Joint Task Force into Nigeria’s military or law enforcement agencies or reintegrate its members into civilian life. (7) A plan for the United States to work with the Nigerian security forces and judiciary to transparently investigate allegations of human rights violations committed by the security forces of the Government of Nigeria that have involved civilian casualties, including a plan to undertake tangible measures of accountability following such investigations in order to break the cycle of conflict. (8) A plan for the United States to work with the Nigerian defense institutions and security sector forces to improve detainee conditions. (9) A plan to work with the Nigerian military, international organizations, and nongovernmental organizations to demilitarize the humanitarian response to the food insecurity and population displacement in northeastern Nigeria. (10) Any other matters the President considers appropriate. (c) UPDATES .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the report required under subsection (a) is submitted to the appropriate congressional committees, and annually thereafter for 5 years, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees an update of the report containing updated assessments and evaluations on progress made on the plans described in the report, including— (1) updated assessments on the information described in paragraphs (2), (4), and (6) of subsection (a); and (2) descriptions of the steps taken and outcomes achieved under each of the plans described in paragraphs (7), (8), (9), and (10) of subsection (a), as well as assessments of the effectiveness and descriptions of the metrics used to evaluate effectiveness for each such plan. (d) FORM.—The report required under subsection (a) and the updates required under (c) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (e) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
AMENDMENT NO . 72 OFFERED BY MS . WILSON OF  
FLORIDA  At the end of subtitle H of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING THE CHIBOK SCHOOLGIRLS AND BOKO HARAM. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (1) . The members of Jama’atu Ahlis Sunna Lidda’awati walJihad, commonly known as Boko Haram, have terrorized the people of Nigeria with increasing violence since 2009, targeting military, government, and civilian sites in Nigeria, including schools, mosques, churches, markets, villages, and agricultural centers, and killing thousands and abducting hundreds of civilians in Nigeria and the surrounding countries. (2) On the night of April 14, 2014, 276 female students, most of them between 15 and 18 years old, were abducted by Boko Haram from the Chibok Government Girls Secondary School, a boarding school located in Borno state in the Federal Republic of Nigeria. (3) While some Chibok girls have fled their captors and others have been released through negotiations, more than 100 Chibok girls remain in captivity. (4) In addition to kidnapping the Chibok schoolgirls, Boko Haram has killed more than 20,000 people, coerced women and girls into carrying out suicide missions, displaced more than 3,000,000 Nigerians, tens of thousands of whom are at risk of starving to death, and caused thousand of school closures. (5) In supporting efforts to reunite the Chibok schoolgirls with their families, the United States has authorized the deployment of military personnel to assist with intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance, and provided training, equipment, and humanitarian services to the populations affected by and vulnerable to Boko Haram violence. (6) The Secretary of State designated several individuals linked to Boko Haram, including its leader, Abubakar Shekau, as Specially Designated Global Terrorists in 2012, and designated Boko Haram as a Foreign Terrorist Organization in November 2013. (7) The Senate and the House of Representatives have both passed legislation and undertaken other initiatives to condemn Boko Haram and support the Chibok schoolgirls. (8) In addition to legislation, members of Congress have traveled to Nigeria to meet with freed Chibok schoolgirls and their families, held briefings, press conferences, and hearings, and, every week that Congress is in session, participated in Wear Something Red Wednesday, a bipartisan campaign led by Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi, Republican Conference Chair Cathy McMorris Rodgers, and Congresswoman Frederica Wilson, during which lawmakers wear a red outfit or accessory and take group photos to share on social media to raise awareness about the kidnapped Chibok schoolgirls. (9) The 114th Congress unanimously passed S. 1632, which President Barack Obama signed into law on December 14, 2016, to direct the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Defense to jointly develop a five year strategy to aid Nigeria and the Multinational Joint Task Force, composed of troops from Benin, Cameroon, Chad, Niger, and Nigeria, to combat Boko Haram. (10) On June 27, 2017, President Donald Trump met with two freed Chibok schoolgirls at the White House. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—Congress— (1) commends the Secretary of State, Secretary of Defense, and Director of National Intelligence for delivering a report to Congress on a fiveyear strategy for the United States to employ diplomatic, development, defense, and other tools to assist and enable our African partners to lead the effort to degrade and ultimately defeat Boko Haram, the Islamic State in Iraq and ash Sham – West Africa (ISISWA), and any potential splinter or successor groups; (2) affirms United States support for the international effort to degrade Boko Haram and ISISWA and to assist the Multinational Joint Task Force to address the underlying drivers of violent extremism; and (3) supports the efforts of the Department of Defense to implement a United States strategy for countering Boko Haram and ISISWA. AMENDMENT NO . 73 OFFERED BY MR . 
FITZPATRICK OF PENNSYLVANIA  At the end of subtitle H of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. MODIFICATION OF ANNUAL REPORT ON MILITARY AND SECURITY DEVELOPMENTS INVOLVING THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA. 
Subsection (b) of section 1202 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2000 (Public Law 106–65; 10 U.S.C. 113 note), as most recently amended by section 1271 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2538), is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(23) Any Chinese laws, regulations, or policies that could jeopardize the economic security of the United States.’’. 
FITZPATRICK OF PENNSYLVANIA  At the end of subtitle H of title XII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 12l. REPORT ON IRAN AND NORTH KOREA NUCLEAR AND BALLISTIC MISSILE COOPERATION. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the ballistic missile programs of Iran and North Korea represent a serious threat to allies of the United States in the Middle East, Europe, and Asia, members of the Armed Forces deployed in those regions, and ultimately the United States; and (2) further cooperation between Iran and North Korea on nuclear weapons or ballistic missile technology is not in the security interests of the United States or our allies. (b) REPORT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the heads of other relevant agencies, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report that includes— (A) an assessment of the extent of cooperation on nuclear programs, ballistic missile development, chemical and biological weapons development, or conventional weapons programs between the Government of Iran and the Government of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, including the identity of Iranian and North Korean persons that have knowingly engaged in or directed the provision of material support or the exchange of information (including through the transfer of goods, services, technology, or intellectual property) between the Government of Iran and the Government of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea; and (B) a determination whether any of the activities described in subparagraph (A) violate United Nations Security Council Resolutions 1695 (2006), 1718 (2006), 1874 (2009), 2087 (2013), 2094 (2013), 2231 (2015), 2270 (2016) and 2321 (2016). (2) FORM.—The report required under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. (3) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. AMENDMENT NO . 75 OFFERED BY MR . YOHO OF  
FLORIDA  At the end of subtitle H of title XII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 12l. MODIFICATION OF ANNUAL UPDATE OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FREEDOM OF NAVIGATION OPERATIONS REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 1275 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2540) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) For each country identified under paragraph (1) as making an excessive maritime claim challenged by the United States under the program referred to in subsection (a), the types and locations of excessive maritime claims by such country that have not been challenged by the United States, if any, under the program referred to in subsection (a).’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made subsection (a) takes effect of the date of the enactment of this Act and applies with respect to each report required to be submitted under section 1275 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 on or after such date of enactment. 
AMENDMENT NO . 76 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE OF TEXAS  At the end of subtitle H of title XII, add the following new section: 
The Secretary of Defense shall prepare contingency plans— (1) to assist relief organizations in delivery of humanitarian assistance in South Sudan; and (2) to engage Sudan’s military to promote efforts to reduce conflicts. 
AMENDMENT NO . 77 OFFERED BY MR . NORMAN OF  
SOUTH CAROLINA  Page 579, after line 13, insert the following: 
SEC. 1523. SEPARATE ACCOUNT LINES FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS FUNDS. 
For accountability and transparency purposes, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget and the Secretary of Defense shall establish separate accounts to ensure that amounts authorized to be appropriated pursuant to this title are administered separately from amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated or made available for the Department of Defense. 
AMENDMENT NO . 78 OFFERED BY MR . CICILLINE  
OF RHODE ISLAND  Page 579, after line 13, insert the following: 
SEC. 1523. GUIDELINES FOR BUDGET ITEMS TO BE COVERED BY OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS ACCOUNTS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Director of Management and Budget, shall update the guidelines regarding the budget items that may be covered by overseas contingency operations accounts. Such revised guidelines shall be consistent with the recommendations included in Government Accountability Report GAO1768 entitled ‘‘Overseas Contingency Operations: OMB and DOD Should Revise the Criteria for Determining Eligible Costs and Identify the Costs Likely to Endure Long Term’’ published January 18, 2017. 
AMENDMENT NO . 79 OFFERED BY MR . SOTO OF  
SEC. 1623. COORDINATING EFFORTS TO PREPARE FOR SPACE WEATHER EVENTS. 
The Secretary of Defense shall ensure the timely provision of operational space weather observations, analyses, forecasts, and other products to support the mission of the Department of Defense and coalition partners, including the provision of alerts and warnings for space weather phenomena that may affect weapons systems, military operations, or the defense of the United States. 
AMENDMENT NO . 80 OFFERED BY MR . CORREA OF  
CALIFORNIA  At the end of subtitle D of title XVI, add the following new section: 
SEC. 1656. STRATEGY FOR THE OFFENSIVE USE OF CYBER CAPABILITIES. 
(a) F INDINGS .— (1) The North Atlantic Treaty Organization (commonly known as ‘‘NATO’’) remains a critical alliance for the United States and a costeffective, flexible means of providing security to the most important allies of the United States. (2) The regime of Russian President Vladimir Putin is actively working to erode democratic systems of NATO member states, including the United States. (3) According to the report of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence dated January 6, 2017, on the Russian Federation’s hack of the United States presidential election: ‘‘Russian efforts to influence the 2016 presidential election represent the most recent expression of Moscow’s longstanding desire to undermine the USled liberal democratic order.’’. (4) As recently as May 4, 2017, the press reported a massive cyber hack of French President Emmanuel Macron’s campaign, likely attributable to Russian actors. (5) It is in the core interests of the United States to enhance the offensive and defensive cyber capabilities of NATO member states to deter and defend against Russian cyber and influence operations. (6) Enhanced offensive cyber capabilities would enable the United States to demonstrate strength and deter the Russian Federation from threatening NATO, while reassuring allies, without a provocative buildup of conventional military forces. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS ON CYBER STRATEGY  
OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE .—It is the sense of Congress that — (1) the Secretary of Defense should update the cyber strategy of the Department of Defense (as that strategy is described in the Department of Defense document titled ‘‘The Department of Defense Cyber Strategy’’ dated April 15, 2015); and (2) in updating the cyber strategy of the Department, the Secretary should— (A) specifically develop an offensive cyber strategy that includes plans for the offensive use of cyber capabilities, including computer network exploitation and computer network attacks, to thwart air, land, or sea attacks by the regime of Russian President Vladimir Putin and other adversaries; (B) provide guidance on integrating offensive tools into the cyber arsenal of the Department; and (C) assist NATO partners, through the NATO Cooperative Cyber Center of Excellence and other entities, in developing offensive cyber capabilities. (c) STRATEGY FOR OFFENSIVE USE OF CYBER  CAPABILITIES .— (1) STRATEGY REQUIRED .—The President shall develop a written strategy for the offensive use of cyber capabilites by departments and agencies of the Federal Government. (2) ELEMENTS .—The strategy developed under paragraph (1) shall include, at minimum— (A) a description of enhancements that are needed to improve the offensive cyber capabilities of the United States and partner nations, including NATO member states; and (B) a statement of principles concerning the appropriate deployment of offensive cyber capabilities. (3) SUBMISSION TO CONGRESS .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the congressional defense committees (as that term is defined in section 101(a)(16) of title 10, United States Code) the strategy developed under paragraph (1). (B) FORM OF SUBMISSION .—The strategy submitted under subparagraph (A) may be submitted in classified form. (d) INTERNATIONAL COOPERATION .— (1) AUTHORITY TO PROVIDE TECHNICAL AS SISTANCE .—The President, acting through the Secretary of Defense and with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, is authorized to provide technical assistance to NATO member states to assist such states in developing and enhancing offensive cyber capabilities. (2) TECHNICAL EXPERTS .—In providing technical assistance under paragraph (1), the President, acting through the NATO Cooperative Cyber Center of Excellence, may detail technical experts in the field of cyber operations to NATO member states. (3) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to preclude or limit the authorities of the President or the Secretary of Defense to provide cyberrelated assistance to foreign countries, including the authority of the Secretary to provide such assistance under section 333 of title 10, United States Code. 
AMENDMENT NO . 81 OFFERED BY MR . AGUILAR OF  
CALIFORNIA  At the end of subtitle D of title XVI, add the following new section: 
SEC. 16ll. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CYBER WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of Defense may carry out a pilot program to be known as the ‘‘Cyber Workforce Development Pilot Program’’ (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Pilot Program’’) under which the Secretary shall provide funds, in addition to other funds that may be available, for the recruitment, training, professionalization, and retention of personnel in the cyber workforce of the Department of Defense. (b) PURPOSE .—The purpose of the Pilot Program shall be to assess the effectiveness of carrying out a fullscale talent management program to ensure that the cyber workforce of the Department of Defense has the capacity, in both personnel and skills, needed to effectively perform its cyber missions and the kinetic missions impacted by cyber activities. (c) MANAGEMENT .—The Pilot Program shall be managed by the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense, in consultation with the Principal Cyber Advisor to the Secretary of Defense. (d) GUIDANCE .—The Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense, in consultation with the Principal Cyber Advisor to the Secretary of Defense, shall issue guidance for the administration of the Pilot Program. Such guidance shall include provisions that— (1) identify areas of need in the cyber workforce that funds under the Pilot Program may be used to address, including— (A) changes to the types of skills needed in the cyber workforce; (B) capabilities to develop the cyber workforce and assist members of the cyber workforce in achieving qualifications and professionalization through activities such as training, education, and exchange programs; (C) incentives to retain qualified, experienced cyber workforce personnel; and (D) incentives for attracting new, high quality personnel to the cyber workforce; (2) describe the process under which entities may submit an application to receive funds under the Pilot Program; (3) describe the evaluation criteria to be used for approving or prioritizing applications for funds under the Pilot Program in any fiscal year; and (4) describe measurable objectives of performance for determining whether funds under the Pilot Program are being used in compliance with this section. (e) CONSIDERATIONS .—When selecting entities to provide training and education services under the Pilot Program, consideration shall be given to whether the entity providing such services is a Center of Academic Excellence in Information Assurance Education (as that term is defined in section 2200e of title 10, United States Code). (f) ANNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 120 days after the end of each of fiscal year for which funds are appropriated for the Pilot Program, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the operation of the Pilot Program during such fiscal year. Each report shall include, for the fiscal year covered by such report, the following: (1) A description of the expenditures made under the Pilot Program (including expenditures following a transfer of funds under the Pilot Program to a military department or Defense Agency) in such fiscal year, including the purpose of such expenditures. (2) A description and assessment of improvements in the Department of Defense cyber workforce resulting from such expenditures. (3) Recommendations for additional authorities to fulfill the purpose of the Pilot Program. (4) A statement of the funds that remain available under the Pilot Program at the end of such fiscal year. (g) TERMINATION .—The Pilot Program and the annual reporting requirement under subsection (f) shall each terminate on the date that is five years after the date on which funds are first appropriated for the Pilot Program and any funds not obligated or expended under the Pilot Program on that date shall be deposited in the general fund of the Treasury of the United States. (h) CYBER WORKFORCE DEFINED .—In this Act, the term ‘‘cyber workforce’’ means the following: (1) Personnel in positions that require the performance of cybersecurity or other cyber related functions as so identified pursuant to the Federal Cybersecurity Workforce Assessment Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–113; 5 U.S.C. 301 note) . (2) Military personnel or civilian employees of the Department of Defense who are not described in paragraph (1) but who— (A) are assigned functions that contribute significantly to cyber operations; and (B) are designated as temporary members of the cyber workforce by the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense, or by the head of a military department or Defense Agency, for the limited purpose of receiving training for the performance of cyberrelated functions. 
AMENDMENT NO . 82 OFFERED BY MR . COOPER OF  
TENNESSEE  Page 685, line 24, strike ‘‘any’’ and insert ‘‘the’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 83 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE OF TEXAS  At the end of subtitle F of title XVI, add the following new section: 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the hazards or risks posed directly or indirectly by the nuclear ambitions of North Korea, focusing upon— (1) the development and deployment of intercontinental ballistic missiles or nuclear weapons; (2) the consequences to the United States, the interests of the United States, and allies of the United States of North Korea’s nuclear and missile programs; (3) a plan to deter and defend against such threats from North Korea; (4) protecting vital interest and capabilities of the United States in space from such threats from North Korea; and (5) the potential damage or destruction caused by such missiles to satellites and space stations, including magnetic fields such as the Van Allen belts. 
AMENDMENT NO . 84 OFFERED BY MR . CULBERSON  
OF TEXAS  Add at the end of subtitle E of title XXVIII the following: 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is hereby established within the Department of the Interior a grant program for the preservation of our nation’s most historic battleships. (b) USE OF GRANTS .—Amounts received through grants under this section shall be used for the preservation of our nation’s most historic battleships in a manner that is selfsustaining and has an educational component. (c) CRITERIA FOR ELIGIBILITY .—To be eligible for a grant under this section, an entity shall— (1) submit an application under procedures prescribed by the Secretary; (2) match the amount of the grant, on a 1 to1 basis, with nonFederal assets from non Federal sources, which may include cash or durable goods and materials fairly valued as determined by the Secretary; (3) maintain records as may be reasonably necessary to fully disclose— (A) the amount and the disposition of the proceeds of the grant; (B) the total cost of the project for which the grant is made; and (C) other records as may be required by the Secretary, including such records as will facilitate an effective accounting for project funds; and (4) provide access to the Secretary for the purposes of any required audit and examination of any books, documents, papers, and records of the entity. (d) MOSTHISTORIC BATTLESHIP DEFINED .— In this section, the term ‘‘most historic battleship’’ means a battleship that is— (1) between 75 and 115 years old; (2) listed on the National Register of Historic Places; and (3) located within the State for which it was named. (e) SAVINGS PROVISION .—The authorities contained in this section shall be in addition to, and shall not be construed to supercede or modify those contained in the National Historic Preservation Act (16 U.S.C. 470–470x 6). (f) PRIVATE PROPERTY PROTECTION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—No Federal funds made available to carry out this section may be used to acquire any real property, or any interest in any real property, without the written consent of the owner (or owners) of that property or interest in property. (2) NO DESIGNATION .—The authority granted by this section shall not constitute a Federal designation or have any effect on private property ownership. (g) SUNSET .—The authority to make grants under this section expires on September 30, 2024. 
AMENDMENT NO . 85 OFFERED BY MR . LAMALFA  
OF CALIFORNIA  Add at the end of subtitle G of title XXVIII the following new section: 
SEC. 2863. RESTRICTIONS ON REHABILITATION OF OVERTHEHORIZON BACKSCATTER RADAR STATION. 
(a) R ESTRICTIONS .—Except as provided in subsection (b), the Secretary of the Air Force may not use any funds or resources to carry out the rehabilitation of the Overthe Horizon Backscatter Radar Station on Modoc National Forest land in Modoc County, California. (b) EXCEPTION FOR MAINTENANCE OF PERIMETER FENCE .—Notwithstanding subsection (a), the Secretary may use funds and resources to maintain the perimeter fence surrounding the OvertheHorizon Backscatter Radar Station. 
AMENDMENT NO . 86 OFFERED BY MR . NORMAN OF  
SOUTH CAROLINA  Add at the end of title XXVII the following new section: 
Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall prepare and release to the public an updated version of the March 2016 report on ‘‘Department of Defense Infrastructure Capacity’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 87 OFFERED BY MR . BEN RAY  
LUJA´N OF NEW MEXICO  At the end of subtitle C of title XXXI, add the following: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING URANIUM MINING AND NUCLEAR TESTING. 
It is the sense of Congress that the United States should compensate and recognize all of the miners, workers, downwinders, and others suffering from the effects of uranium mining and nuclear testing carried out during the Cold War. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 431, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORNBERRY ) and the gentleman from Washington (Mr. SMITH) each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that amendment No. 76 printed in part B of House Report 115–212 be modified by the form I have placed at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the modification. The Clerk read as follows: 
BY MS . JACKSON LEE OF TEXAS  The amendment as modified is as follows: At the end of subtitle H of title XII, add the following new section: 
The Secretary of Defense shall prepare contingency plans— (1) to assist relief organizations in delivery of humanitarian assistance in South Sudan; and (2) to engage South Sudan’s military to promote efforts to reduce conflicts. Mr. THORNBERRY (during the reading). Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the modification be dispensed with. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the original request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is modified. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I support en bloc package No. 4, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I support the en bloc package, as well, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc, as modified, offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORNBERRY ). The en bloc amendments, as modified, were agreed to. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I move that the committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. THORNBERRY ) having assumed the chair, Mr. MCCLINTOCK , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2810) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 13 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b0036 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. COLLINS of Georgia) at 12 o’clock and 36 minutes a.m. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR FURTHER CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2810, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 Mr. BYRNE, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–217) on the resolution (H. 
Res. 440) providing for further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2810) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. GUTHRIE (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today on account of his participation in a healthcare listening session in Lexington, Kentucky, with Vice President PENCE . Mr. KHANNA (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today on account of birth of his child. 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 37 minutes a.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until today, Thursday, July 13, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1928. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Vice Admiral Nora W. Tyson, United States Navy, and her advancement to the grade of vice admiral on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 1929. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter authorizing two officers to wear the insignia of the grade of rear admiral or rear admiral (lower half), pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 777(b)(3)(B); Public Law 104106, Sec. 503(a)(1) (as added by Public Law 108136, Sec. 509(a)(3)); (117 Stat. 1458); to the Committee on Armed Services. 1930. A letter from the Board Chair, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, transmitting the Board’s semiannual Monetary Policy Report to the Congress, pursuant to Public Law 106569; to the Committee on Financial Services. 1931. A letter from the Senior Counsel, Legal Division, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, transmitting the Bureau’s Major final rule — Arbitration Agreements [Docket No.: CFPB20160020] (RIN: 3170 AA51) received July 10, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 1932. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Prosulfuron; Pesticide Tolerances [EPAHQOPP20160218; FRL996297] received July 7, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1933. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Procedures for Chemical Risk Evaluation Under the Amended Toxic Substances Control Act [EPAHQOPPT2016 0654; FRL996438] (RIN: 2070AK20) received July 7, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1934. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Flonicamid; Pesticide Tolerances [EPAHQOPP20160013; FRL996215] received July 7, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1935. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Pennsylvania; Volatile Organic Compound Reasonably Available Control Technology for 1997 Ozone Standard [EPAR03 OAR20160561; FRL996458Region 3] received July 7, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1936. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; TN: Noninterference Demonstration for Federal LowReid Vapor Pressure Requirement in Shelby County [EPAR04OAR20170136; FRL996456Region 4] received July 7, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1937. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; Ohio; Control of Emissions of Organic Materials That Are Not Regulated by VOC RACT Rules [EPAR05OAR20160272; FRL996446 Region 5] received July 7, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1938. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s withdrawal of direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; Indiana; Redesignation of the Muncie Area to Attainment of the 2008 Lead Standard [EPAR05OAR20160137; FRL9964 63Region 5] received July 7, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1939. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; Illinois; Emissions Statement Rule Certification for the 2008 Ozone Standard [EPAR05 OAR20170278; FRL996465Region 5] received July 7, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1940. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 1735, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 1941. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 1731, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 1942. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 1734, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 1943. A letter from the Acting Director of Government Relations, Corporation For National and Community Service, transmitting the Corporation’s revised SemiAnnual Report (SAR) to Congress due to an error by the Office of Inspector General (OIG) in its original report submission; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 1944. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for General Law, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting two notifications of a discontinuation of service in acting role, and designation of acting officer, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105 277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 1945. A letter from the Chief Administrative Officer, transmitting the quarterly report of receipts and expenditures of appropriations and other funds for the period April 1, 2017 to June 30, 2017, pursuant to 2 U.S.C. 104a (H. Doc. No. 115—52); to the Committee on House Administration and ordered to be printed. 1946. A letter from the Acting Chairman, National Transportation Safety Board, transmitting the Board’s 2016 Annual Report to Congress, pursuant to 49 U.S.C. 1117; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1947. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, Department of Defense, transmitting additional legislative proposals related to acquisition matters that the Department of Defense requests be enacted during the first session of the 115th Congress; jointly to the Committees on Armed Services, Oversight and Government Reform, and Energy and Commerce. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under Clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 2786. A bill to amend the Federal Power Act with respect to the criteria and process to qualify as qualifying conduit hydropower facility; with an amendment (Rept. 115–213). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHABOT: Committee on Small Business. H.R. 2056. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to provide for expanded participation in the microloan program, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–214). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHABOT: Committee on Small Business. H.R. 2333. A bill to amend the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 to increase the amount of leverage made available to small business investment companies; with an amendment (Rept. 115–215). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, Mr. CHABOT: Committee on Small Business. H.R. 2364. A bill to amend the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 to increase the amount that certain banks and savings associations may invest in small business investment companies, subject to the approval of the appropriate Federal banking agency, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–216). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. [July 13 (legislative day, July 12, 2017)] Mr. BYRNE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 440. Resolution providing for further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2810) to 
authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–217). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania (for himself, Mr. TEDLIEUof California, Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. ROSEN , Mr. E VANS , and Ms. CLARKE of New York): H.R. 3191. A bill to prohibit the use of Federal funds to establish, support, or otherwise promote a joint cybersecurity initiative with Russia, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. KENNEDY (for himself and Mrs. NAPOLITANO ): H.R. 3192. A bill to amend title XXI of the Social Security Act to ensure access to mental health services for children under the Children’s Health Insurance Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 3193. A bill to amend the Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1949 to improve death gratuities paid to the survivors of certain deceased officers and employees of the Central Intelligence Agency; to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select). By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 3194. A bill to provide for an extension of the authority of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide for the conduct of medical disability examinations by contract physicians; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York (for himself and Ms. STEFANIK ): H.R. 3195. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to make available for purchase memorial headstones and markers for certain deceased members of the reserve components; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 3196. A bill to direct the Secretary of Defense to review and update Department of Defense regulations to ensure such regulations comply with Federal consumer protection law with respect to the collection of debt; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. BRAT (for himself, Ms. TITUS, Mr. MAST, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. DONOVAN , and Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania): H.R. 3197. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to prohibit the Secretary of Veterans Affairs from conducting medical research causing significant pain or distress to dogs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. KNIGHT (for himself, Mr. SMITH of Texas, and Mr. B ABIN): H.R. 3198. A bill to provide for Federal Aviation Administration research and development, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DESAULNIER (for himself, Mr. HOYER , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mrs. DAVIS of California, Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. K HANNA , and Mr. S COTT of Virginia): H.R. 3199. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to improve accessibility to, and completion of, postsecondary education for students, including students with disabilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. DESANTIS (for himself, Mr. LAHOOD, Mr. P OSEY , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. ISSA, Mr. P OLIQUIN , and Mr. ROTHFUS ): H.R. 3200. A bill to require the disclosure of pension records under the Freedom of Information Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. BACON: H.R. 3201. A bill to amend and enhance certain maritime programs of the Department of Transportation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 3202. A bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to submit a report on cyber vulnerability disclosures, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. ENGEL (for himself, Ms. PELOSI , and Mr. H OYER ): H.R. 3203. A bill to provide congressional review and to counter Iranian and Russian governments’ aggression; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Intelligence (Permanent Select), Armed Services, the Judiciary, Oversight and Government Reform, Financial Services, Rules, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. AGUILAR: H.R. 3204. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide a credit against tax for job training expenses of employers; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. DELANEY (for himself, Ms. SINEMA , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. J ONES , Mr. LOWENTHAL , and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT ): H.R. 3205. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a fiveyear extension of the Veterans’ Advisory Committee on Education; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mrs. DINGELL: H.R. 3206. A bill to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to require quarterly reporting, improvement of consumer confidence reports, establishment of a nation consumer confidence report, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. DINGELL (for herself and Mr. DONOVAN ): H.R. 3207. A bill to protect victims of stalking from gun violence; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. DUFFY: H.R. 3208. A bill to amend the Agricultural Act of 2014 to authorize road repair under good neighbor agreements; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER (for herself and Ms. TSONGAS ): H.R. 3209. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to improve protections for a member of the Armed Forces who is a survivor of a sexrelated offense during military service regarding the separation, or the characterization of any separation, of the member from the Armed Forces, to make additional changes to the authorities and procedures of boards for the correction of military records and discharge review boards, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. KNIGHT (for himself and Mr. CONNOLLY ): H.R. 3210. A bill to require the Director of the National Background Investigations Bureau to submit a report on the backlog of personnel security clearance investigations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico: H.R. 3211. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to enhance protections of Native American tangible cultural heritage, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. MCSALLY (for herself, Mrs. COMSTOCK , Mr. C OOK, Mr. G OSAR , Mr. FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. KNIGHT , and Mr. R OHRABACHER ): H.R. 3212. A bill to reauthorize the State Criminal Alien Assistance Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 3213. A bill to direct the Joint Committee on the Library to accept a statue depicting Pierre L’Enfant from the District of Columbia and to provide for the permanent display of the statue in the United States Capitol; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. RICHMOND (for himself, Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. JUDY CHUof California, Mr. CONYERS , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Ms. NORTON , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, Mr. BISHOP of Georgia, Mr. CLYBURN , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. RUSH, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. J ACKSONLEE, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. D ANNY  K. DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. M EEKS , Ms. LEE, Mr. C LAY, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. CLEAVER , Mr. A LGREEN  of Texas, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. ELLISON , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Ms. F UDGE , Ms. BASS, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Ms. WILSON of Florida, Mr. P AYNE , Mrs. BEATTY , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. VEASEY , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mrs. LAWRENCE , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. EVANS , Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. BROWN of Maryland, Mrs. DEMINGS , Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Mr. MCEACHIN , Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Mr. COHEN , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. MENG, Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. GRIJALVA , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. B EYER , Mr. RYAN of Ohio, Ms. J AYAPAL , Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. S HEA PORTER , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. SARBANES , Mr. SOTO, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. N ADLER , and Mrs. TORRES ): H.R. 3214. A bill to nullify the effect of the recent Executive order that establishes an ‘‘election integrity’’ commission, which will be used and is designed to support policies that will suppress the vote in minority and poor communities across the United States; to the Committee on House Administration. 
By Mr. SERRANO (for himself, Mr. MEEKS , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. NADLER , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. C ROWLEY, Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Ms. NORTON , Mr. E VANS , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Ms. J ACKSON  LEE, and Ms. M ENG): H.R. 3215. A bill to authorize appropriations for the public housing Capital Fund for addressing urgent capital needs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. GALLEGO: H.J. Res. 108. A joint resolution making continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2018 during any period between October 1, 2017, and December 14, 2017, for which discretionary appropriations have lapsed, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Appropriations. By Mr. DEFAZIO (for himself and Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia): H. Res. 437. A resolution of inquiry requesting the President to provide certain documents in the President’s possession; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. SHERMAN (for himself and Mr. ALGREEN of Texas): H. Res. 438. A resolution impeaching Donald John Trump, President of the United States, for high crimes and misdemeanors; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CROWLEY: H. Res. 439. A resolution electing a Member to a certain standing committee of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. By Mr. HIGGINS of New York (for himself and Ms. JAYAPAL ): H. Res. 441. A resolution amending the Rules of the House of Representatives to prohibit the consideration of any bill or joint resolution until a cost estimate prepared by the Congressional Budget Office has been available to the public, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Rules. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements arc submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania: H.R. 3191. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution under the General Welfare Clause. By Mr. KENNEDY: H.R. 3192. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8—to provide for the general welfare and to regulate commerce among the states By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 3193. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Sec. 8 By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 3194. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Sec. 8 By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 3195. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Sec. 8 By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 3196. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Sec. 8 By Mr. BRAT: H.R. 3197. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States’’ And Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. KNIGHT: H.R. 3198. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. DESAULINER: H.R. 3199. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. DESANTIS: H.R. 3200. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 (‘‘The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States.’’) and Article, Section 8, Clause 18 (‘‘The Congress shall have Power To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof.’’). By Mr. BACON: H.R. 3201. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 14 By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 3202. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 3 and 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. ENGEL: H.R. 3203. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution. By Mr. AGUILAR: H.R. 3204. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause I of Section 8 and Clause 18 of Section 8, of Article 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. DELANEY: H.R. 3205. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mrs. DINGELL: H.R. 3206. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mrs. DINGELL: H.R. 3207. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I Section VIll By Mr. DUFFY: H.R. 3208. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 By Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER: H.R. 3209. I21 Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The consittutional authorty of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution (Clauses 12, 13, 14, 16, and 18), which grants Congress the power to raise and support an Army; to provide and maintain a Navy; to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces; to provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the militia; and to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the foregoing powers. By Mr. KNIGHT: H.R. 3210. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Congress has the authority to enact this legislation pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico: H.R. 3211. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Ms. MCSALLY: H.R. 3212. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4: To establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 3213. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 2 of section 3 of Article IV of the Constitution. By Mr. RICHMOND: H.R. 3214. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is introduced pursuant to the powers granted to Congress under the General Welfare Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 1), the Commerce Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 3), and the Necessary and Proper Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 18). Further, this statement of constitutional authority is made for the sole purpose of compliance with clause 7 of Rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives and 
shall have no bearing on judicial review of the accompanying bill. By. Mr. SERRANO: H.R. 3215. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into the Execution the foregoing powers and all other powers vested by this constitution in the Government of the US or in any department or officer thereof By Mr. GALLEGO: H.J. Res. 108. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 179: Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 282: Mr. TAYLOR , Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. ISSA, and Mr. C ARTER of Texas. H.R. 398: Mr. CURBELO of Florida and Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 424: Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 444: Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 448: Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. H.R. 490: Mr. FLEISCHMANN , Mr. D UNN, Mr. NORMAN , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, and Mr. BERGMAN . H.R. 576: Mr. EVANS . H.R. 592: Mr. PETERS , Mr. K ELLY of Mis sissippi, and Mr. LAHOOD. H.R. 613: Mr. KIND. H.R. 632: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 676: Mrs. LOWEY . H.R. 712: Mr. CUELLAR . H.R. 713: Mr. CUELLAR . H.R. 717: Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 721: Mr. KINGof New York. H.R. 747: Mr. HURD, Ms. M CSALLY , and Mr. COMER . H.R. 754: Mr. RICEof South Carolina, Mr. FASO, Mr. B ACON , Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mrs. DAVIS of California, Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. CALVERT , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, and Ms. ESTYof Connecticut. H.R. 761: Mr. CROWLEY . H.R. 772: Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 806: Mr. GROTHMAN . H.R. 807: Mrs. TORRES . H.R. 825: Mr. TEDLIEUof California and Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 828: Mr. WALBERG . H.R. 849: Mr. ZELDIN , Mr. H OLLINGSWORTH , and Mr. WESTERMAN . H.R. 858: Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 878: Mrs. HARTZLER . H.R. 911: Mr. BILIRAKIS and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 930: Mr. GOTTHEIMER , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. RUIZ, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. MCKINLEY , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. BABIN, Mr. H ILL, and Mr. T ROTT . H.R. 1057: Mr. SIMPSON and Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 1098: Mr. WELCH . H.R. 1136: Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania and Mr. MITCHELL . H.R. 1148: Mr. THOMPSON of California, Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. B ISHOP  of Georgia, and Mr. YARMUTH . H.R. 1158: Mr. BACON . H.R. 1164: Mr. PAULSEN . H.R. 1223: Mr. OLSON . H.R. 1235: Mr. BERA, Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. GABBARD , Ms. J AYAPAL , Ms. M ENG, Ms. PELOSI , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. RASKIN , Ms. R OSEN , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. SCHIFF , Mr. S CHRADER , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. SMITH of Washington, Mr. T AKANO , Ms. TITUS, Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , Mr. C ORREA , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. PETERSON , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. SHERMAN , Ms. L EE, Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. O’HALLERAN , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. ROTHFUS , Mr. C OLE, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. G RAVES  of Louisiana, Mr. HURD, Mr. T ROTT , Mr. KELLY of Mississippi, Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, Mr. RENACCI , Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee, and Mr. G OODLATTE . H.R. 1243: Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Mr. SOTO, Mr. P ALLONE , and Mr. C RIST. H.R. 1251: Mr. EVANS . H.R. 1261: Mr. FLORES , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. C HABOT . H.R. 1264: Mr. BRADY of Texas, Mr. PITTENGER , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, and Mr. TIPTON . H.R. 1267: Mr. ABRAHAM and Ms. B LUNT  ROCHESTER . H.R. 1276: Mr. KEATING . H.R. 1291: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 1300: Ms. TSONGAS , Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 1317: Mr. WALBERG , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. ISSA, Mr. H UIZENGA , Mr. M ITCHELL , Mr. WILSON of South Carolina, and Mr. N ORMAN . H.R. 1322: Mr. MCGOVERN and Mr. J OHNSON  of Georgia. H.R. 1406: Ms. CASTOR of Florida, Mr. LYNCH , and Mr. K ATKO . H.R. 1421: Ms. ESTYof Connecticut. H.R. 1444: Mr. WEBER of Texas. H.R. 1450: Mr. ENGEL . H.R. 1454: Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1456: Mr. KINGof New York and Ms. ROSEN . H.R. 1457: Mr. ROYCE of California. H.R. 1485: Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1494: Mr. KATKO , Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. BUCSHON , Miss R ICEof New York, and Mr. HIMES. H.R. 1537: Mr. ROKITA . H.R. 1587: Mr. AGUILAR and Mr. L EVIN. H.R. 1611: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 1635: Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1639: Mrs. TORRES . H.R. 1661: Mr. MARSHALL and Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1673: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 1676: Mr. MASTand Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 1685: Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. MOULTON , Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. K HANNA . H.R. 1699: Ms. MCSALLY , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. GALLAGHER , and Mr. B IGGS. H.R. 1748: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 1777: Mr. WALKER . H.R. 1781: Mr. BYRNE . H.R. 1784: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 1796: Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Ms. K APTUR, and Mr. M OULTON . H.R. 1821: Mr. DEFAZIO, Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. P INGREE , and Ms. NORTON . H.R. 1825: Miss RICEof New York and Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 1847: Ms. DEGETTE . H.R. 1861: Mr. NEAL. H.R. 1865: Mr. LUETKEMEYER , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Ms. STEFANIK , and Mr. C RIST. H.R. 1896: Mr. WALDEN . H.R. 1939: Mr. ROEof Tennessee and Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. H.R. 2012: Mr. LEVIN. H.R. 2049: Ms. ESHOO . H.R. 2068: Ms. BROWNLEY of California and Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 2121: Mr. LUETKEMEYER . H.R. 2130: Mr. GOODLATTE . H.R. 2142: Mr. HIGGINS of New York. H.R. 2147: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 2200: Mr. PAULSEN and Mrs. C AROLYN  B. MALONEY of New York. H.R. 2207: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 2219: Mr. MEEHAN . H.R. 2267: Mr. RUIZ, Mr. M EEHAN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. ENGEL , Mr. F ASO, and Ms. B ONAMICI . H.R. 2319: Mr. PITTENGER . H.R. 2327: Mr. LONGand Mrs. N OEM. H.R. 2340: Mr. WESTERMAN . H.R. 2358: Mr. HIMES. H.R. 2369: Mr. BILIRAKIS . H.R. 2392: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 2435: Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 2439: Mr. YARMUTH . H.R. 2465: Ms. LEEand Mr. Y ARMUTH . H.R. 2493: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 2495: Mr. POLIQUIN , Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. HARRIS . H.R. 2501: Mr. EVANS . H.R. 2513: Mr. WILSON of South Carolina, Mr. GROTHMAN , Mr. F LORES , Mr. R OKITA , and Mr. PITTENGER . H.R. 2519: Mr. STIVERS , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. HURD, Mr. H IMES, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. COSTA , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. LARSEN of Washington, Mr. D UFFY , Mr. F OSTER, and Mr. N OLAN . H.R. 2545: Mr. DENHAM . H.R. 2587: Mr. JONES . H.R. 2591: Mr. GRAVES of Georgia and Mr. ROSS. H.R. 2603: Mr. COLE. H.R. 2620: Mr. HUNTER , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. WALKER , Mr. M ITCHELL , Mr. B ISHOP of Michi gan, and Mr. ADERHOLT . H.R. 2651: Mr. O’ROURKE . H.R. 2656: Mr. KENNEDY . H.R. 2664: Mr. LANCE . H.R. 2666: Mrs. TORRES . H.R. 2679: Mr. MACARTHUR . H.R. 2723: Mr. MARSHALL and Mr. A BRAHAM . H.R. 2740: Mr. GRIJALVA , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. TONKO , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. ROSEN , and Mr. V ELA. H.R. 2772: Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 2775: Mr. PERRY . H.R. 2776: Mr. PERRY . H.R. 2778: Mr. SCHWEIKERT . H.R. 2782: Mr. HUFFMAN and Mr. R UPPERS BERGER . H.R. 2805: Mr. HECK and Mr. C ASTRO of Texas. H.R. 2840: Ms. SPEIER , Mr. O’R OURKE , and Mr. MCEACHIN . H.R. 2851: Mr. DONOVAN . H.R. 2871: Mr. HARPER . H.R. 2878: Mr. ELLISON . H.R. 2901: Mr. KATKO . H.R. 2902: Mr. LOEBSACK and Mr. N OLAN . H.R. 2903: Mr. O’HALLERAN . H.R. 2913: Ms. ESHOO , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. LEVIN, and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 2918: Mr. ROTHFUS . H.R. 2944: Mr. CARBAJAL . H.R. 2957: Mr. LUCAS , Mr. P ETERSON , and Mr. HARPER . H.R. 2970: Mr. SOTO. H.R. 2989: Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 2999: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 3020: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 3029: Ms. MOORE , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Ms. S EWELL of Ala bama, Mr. VARGAS , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. L EE, Ms. ADAMS , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 3030: Mr. WALZ. H.R. 3054: Mr. OLSON . H.R. 3071: Mr. ALLEN . H.R. 3089: Mr. LYNCH . H.R. 3108: Ms. BORDALLO . H.R. 3110: Ms. TENNEY . H.R. 3115: Mr. WALZ. H.R. 3139: Mr. DESJARLAIS . H.R. 3158: Mr. CORREA . H.R. 3163: Mr. UPTON , Mr. M ARCHANT , and Mr. ENGEL . H.R. 3174: Mr. LANGEVIN . H.J. Res. 2: Mr. THORNBERRY and Mr. B ILIRAKIS . H.J. Res. 51: Mr. ZELDIN , Mr. H OLLINGS WORTH , Mr. O LSON , Mr. D AVIDSON , and Mr. WESTERMAN . H.J. Res. 100: Mr. NORCROSS and Mrs. M URPHYof Florida. H.J. Res. 107: Mr. CUELLAR . 
H. Con. Res. 13: Mr. R EED, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. DUNN. H. Con. Res. 27: Ms. JAYAPAL . H. Con. Res. 59: Mr. TAKANO , Mr. D ENHAM , and Mr. PANETTA . H. Con. Res. 63: Mr. JEFFRIES and Mr. SUOZZI . H. Res. 15: Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN . H. Res. 28: Mr. ROTHFUS . H. Res. 30: Ms. ROSEN . H. Res. 31: Mr. GOTTHEIMER . H. Res. 128: Ms. DELAURO , Mr. S ENSEN BRENNER , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. B UCK, Ms. BONAMICI , and Mr. L EWIS of Minnesota. H. Res. 129: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia and Mr. CONYERS . H. Res. 161: Mr. WESTERMAN . H. Res. 188: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H. Res. 195: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. H. Res. 200: Mrs. DINGELL . H. Res. 213: Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER . H. Res. 342: Mr. SMITH of Washington, Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, and Mr. DESJARLAIS . H. Res. 401: Ms. LOFGREN and Mr. C OHEN . H. Res. 407: Mr. EVANS . H. Res. 421: Ms. NORTON and Mr. E VANS . H. Res. 433: Mr. WEBER of Texas. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3933 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JULY 12, 2017 No. 117 
The Senate met at 12 noon and was called to order by 