Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight the incredible work performed by those running the Alex-andria Mega Shelter in my district dur-ing the Hurricane Harvey evacuation. In Louisiana, we know too well how devastating hurricanes and flooding can be. When our neighbors in Texas needed help, Louisiana answered the call. At its peak, the Alexandria Mega Shelter housed 1,800 people displaced by Hurricane Harvey. I visited with some of the victims and the workers, and I want to share with you some of the amazing work that went on there. The shelter pro-vided a roof and a bed for people whose homes were flooded and destroyed; but as a physician, I was most impressed with the medical response that I saw at the shelter. On short notice, local healthcare providers banded together to set up a clinic to meet the health needs of these displaced people, includ-ing dialysis patients who could not miss treatments; if they did, they could die. The clinic allowed most pa-tients to be treated in-house right there in the Mega Shelter, making their stay in the shelter easier than it might have been otherwise. Additionally, the shelter was able to send 1,800 pounds of donated medica-tions and medical supplies to patients in Beaumont, Texas, whose people were struggling in the aftermath of the storm just to get the medicines they needed to survive themselves. Local pilots and aviators donated air time and resources to fly these medi-cines and these badly needed supplies to Beaumont where they could help these good people. I want to specifically mention the ef-forts of the Louisiana National Guard; the Louisiana State Police, including Superintendant Kevin Reeves and his troopers; Rapides Parish Sheriff Wil-liam Earl Hilton and his deputies; and Azar Kayal and his staff at the Lou-isiana Department of Public Safety for their role in assisting the people at the shelter. I also want to mention Dr. Spencer Tucker, Dr. Emily Smith Grezaffi, Laura Pickett, Melinda Sanders, Nici English, Dr. David Holcombe, and all those with the Louisiana Department of Health, and emergency and local pharmacies who helped meet the med-ical needs of all these people displaced at this one shelter. Recovery from Harvey will be dif-ficult, and now our prayers and thoughts are also with our friends in Florida who are dealing with the ef-fects of Hurricane Irma that just passed. As tragic as these storms can be, they also tend to bring out the best in us as Americans, who always answer the call to serve and help those who are suffering. We are all one big family when these disasters hit. Thank you to all those at the Alex-andria Mega Shelter who welcomed these displaced people in their time of need and hopefully made their ordeal a little better. 
f 
NEW JERSEYANS EMBODY THE BEST AMERICA HAS TO OFFER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, last week I was outraged when President Trump announced that he would be ending the DACA program. DACA re-cipients are contributing members of our society, have no criminal record, and have known only this country as home. They work at leading American companies. They have served our coun-try in the military. On the day of the President’s deci-sion, I met with several young people at Rutgers University in my district who may now face deportation. I was impressed by their courage in coming forward to tell their stories and to challenge the President’s reckless ac-tion. Some examples: Yeimi, a 17-year-old from Freehold, left Mexico when she was 1 year old. She said at the meeting I had: ‘‘I do want to become something in life, because that is why I am here. I do not want this dream to be shat-tered because DACA, apparently, is going to be killed.’’ Then there is Alma, a 23-year-old from Perth Amboy in my district, who added: ‘‘DACA has opened doors for me that I never knew existed. The elimi-nation of this executive order without an appropriate replacement would not only be devastating for DREAMers but to the country as a whole.’’ And I agree with Alma. Mr. Speaker, these New Jerseyans embody the best America has to offer, and I will continue to stand by their side as we work together to protect their DACA status. We need to pass the Dream Act as quickly as possible. 
f 
JOLENE HERFEL, VICE PRINCIPAL OF THE YEAR The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
MMER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate an educator in my district whose dedication to her stu-dents has earned her an important award. Jolene Herfel, who serves as the as-sistant principal at St. Michael- Albertville High School, was recently named the Vice Principal of the Year by the Minnesota Association of Sec-ondary School Principals. Jolene has served as assistant prin-cipal at St. Michael-Albertville High School for 9 years. She is known for her strong leadership and commitment to providing students with a great en-vironment in which to learn and a top- notch education. She has shown her commitment by consistently improving curriculum and implementing many different programs designed to assist her students. One program she created is called Fresh-man Connections which helps build re-lationships between incoming fresh-man students and their upperclassmen peers. Successful students are the key to our future, so it is important that we recognize educators like Jolene who are guiding our students on the path to success. Congratulations, Jolene, on being named the Vice Principal of the Year. You deserve it. ST. CLOUD HOSPITAL IS RECOGNIZED AS ONE OF  
THE MOST WIRED HOSPITALS  
Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the St. Cloud Hos-pital for being recognized as one of the most digitally connected hospitals in the Nation. This is not St. Cloud Hos-pital’s first major award. In fact, just last year, they were named one of the top 100 hospitals in the country. As technology continues to develop and advance, our Nation’s hospitals are better suited to provide their patients with the very best care possible, which is exactly what the St. Cloud Hospital does each and every day. We are proud that the St. Cloud Hos-pital is a leader in this healthcare in-dustry and in utilizing useful tech-nology, allowing patients to stay in touch with their doctors and nurses, renew prescriptions, gain access to their records, and even take part in virtual physician exams. This high distinction is the result of the healthcare providers and the infor-mation systems staff working for CentraCare Health and the St. Cloud Hospital. Thank you for your service, and thank you for making the St. Cloud Hospital a leader in 21st century healthcare. 
THE HUBINS ARE NAMED THE PIZZA RANCH  
FRANCHISEES OF THE YEAR  
Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Randall and Sheryl Hubin, the owners of the Pizza Ranch in Andover, on being recognized as the Pizza Ranch Franchisee of the Year. The Hubins received this award not just because of their dedication to the Pizza Ranch brand but also because of their commitment to the Andover com-munity. Randall and Sheryl have owned the Pizza Ranch for the past 4 years, and, as a direct result of its success, not only have they been named Franchisee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:58 Sep 12, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.002 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7227 September 12, 2017 
of the Year, but they were also award-ed the Community Impact Award last year. Opening and operating a franchise business is not an easy job. We appre-ciate the jobs that people like Randall and Sheryl Hubin create and the com-merce they bring to our communities. Congratulations, Randall and Sheryl, on your award, and thank you for your contribution to Minnesota’s Sixth Con-gressional District and the Andover community. b1015 
RECOGNIZING POW /MIA DAY  
Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize National POW/MIA Day and to remember the brave Americans who became prisoners of war during their service and those still missing in ac-tion. Since America’s founding, hundreds of thousands of Americans have been held as prisoners of war. To this day, more than 80,000 Americans remain missing in action. These patriots answered the call of duty during some of our Nation’s dark-est times. Their service and enormous sacrifice must never be forgotten or taken for granted. So I stand here today reaffirming our Nation’s com-mitment to these Americans. They deserve to return home, and their families deserve answers. That is why every third Friday in September we not only honor these Americans, but we recommit to our promise to search until every missing soldier is accounted for. Today, I ask that we all pause for a moment to remember these Americans. Remember their sacrifice, and if they are still missing, pray for their home-coming. 
f 
HONORING THE FALLEN ON SEPTEMBER 11, 2001 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) for 5 min-utes. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the nearly 3,000 souls that were taken from us much too soon on September 11, 16 years ago. Like many others, the events of Sep-tember 11, 2001, are forever etched in my memory. On that day, I was in Ra-leigh, North Carolina, serving in the State legislature, and recall an aide coming in to share the news. Naturally, when hearing about the first plane hitting the World Trade Center, we all thought it was a terrible accident that had occurred. My col-leagues and I were in a state of shock and grief when we heard about the sec-ond plane and the subsequent attacks that followed. What I remember most is the feeling of abject horror and disbelief that we experienced on that day. That horror is still felt by the family members who were left behind, robbed of their loved ones who were violently taken too soon. I often think of the brave first re-sponders who ran towards danger with thought of little else other than to save their fellow Americans. The terror attacks seemed surreal, yet the aftermath has a finality which does not dissipate with time. As years passed, the shock of the attack has di-minished, but the memory of the feel-ing of hope that arose from the acts of selfless Americans is stronger. In my mind, one of the very worst events in human history became over-shadowed as the very best in us—as a people—was made evident through countless acts of kindness and dignity. It is this dignity we must hold on to in order to honor the fallen. From the first responders, citizens, volunteers, and, finally, the devoted souls on board Flight 93, I remember the moments in which the very best parts of Americans shone brightest. These moments include when our citi-zens were no longer categorized by their differences, but were defined by their shared determination not only to survive, but also to overcome an un-thinkable tragedy. If a student asks me about my memo-ries of September 11, I always tell them honestly of the horror I felt, and I tell them of the hope that emerged as our people did their level best to turn evil into good. While I will never forget September 11, 2001, and the lives that were forever lost to us on that day, 16 years ago, I take some comfort in knowing that a loving and never-changing God called them to Heaven to live in His presence forever. Now, more than ever before, we must recall the sacrifices made by so many in the aftermath of September 11 and recall that freedom is never truly free-ly given. It is earned. It is hard-fought for, and it is something we must all work together to continue to achieve. May God bless all of those who lost their lives on September 11, those who were left behind, and those who con-tinue to fight for our freedom. 
f 
CLOSE WORKING RELATIONSHIP WITH ISRAEL NEEDS TO CONTINUE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. C
OMER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, at the be-ginning of August, I was able to join the majority leader and a number of my fellow freshmen on an 8-day trip to Israel. I would like to thank Leader M
CCAR-
THYfor organizing this informative and memorable visit, which taught me so much about the importance of the U.S.-Israel relationship and the numer-ous challenges and opportunities facing our two countries and our other allies in the region. It is impossible to visit Israel with-out feeling the weight of history, from Biblical times to modern day. Staying in Jerusalem, seeing Bethlehem up close, viewing Israel from atop the Golan Heights, and traveling all along the Jordan River, all made a lasting impression. My time in Israel also impressed me on Israel’s undeniable security needs in the face of the persistent threat from Iran and its proxies in Syria and Leb-anon, as well as the instability and vio-lence stemming from the long-running conflict with the Palestinians. Listening to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s presentation to our congressional delegation greatly enhanced my level of support for Israeli foreign aid, just as listening to the Palestinian Authority’s presen-tation greatly enhanced my opposition to foreign aid for Palestine. For these reasons, I believe U.S. se-curity assistance to Israel should con-tinue to be a high priority, and I am proud that defense collaboration be-tween our two countries has yielded many important developments, includ-ing the Arrow anti-ballistic missile system, which is among the top missile shield technologies in the world. Considering the growing threat of North Korea’s nuclear missile program and Iran’s ballistic missile develop-ment, it is clear that our efforts in this field are more important now than ever. In addition to our successful coopera-tion on defense, the U.S. and Israel also work together on many other issues. One of these issues that is of particular interest to me is agriculture. I never dreamed that Israel’s agriculture in-dustry would be as advanced as it was. Despite a very challenging eco-system, Israel produces enough food to feed their entire country, as well as boasts a very impressive agriculture export market. In conclusion, I believe the close working relationship between our two governments will remain critically im-portant for many years to come, and I am grateful for the opportunity to ad-vance these ties in one small way through my visit last month. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 22 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois) at noon. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Loving God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:58 Sep 12, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.004 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7228 September 12, 2017 
As Members of the people’s House re-turn to Washington, delayed by the storms that have blown through the Southeast, we ask Your blessing upon them that they might be all the more focused in their work and, as modeled by so many Americans in their efforts these past days in helping their neigh-bors, prepared to work together to ad-dress our Nation’s most pressing needs. Continue to bless those who are re-covering from hurricane destruction and those fighting, still, the storms of wildfire that plague our Western States. Blanket those who fight to overcome these national disasters with Your spirit of strength and endurance, and preserve them all from harm. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. M
CGOVERN led the Pledge of Al-legiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, Con-gress—and, actually, Congress today— should act to pass the Dream Act. House Democrats are working to pass a permanent solution to protect 800,000 DREAMers, children who were brought here to the United States by their par-ents through no fault of their own, many of them as very young children. America is the only country they know. They have registered with the government. They pay their taxes. They make great contributions to our society. We have to ask ourselves: Do we want to deport these youngsters from the only country they have ever known? Is that the morally right ques-tion? We can argue the economics, and I can argue that it is an economic mis-take to lose these individuals, but it is essentially a moral question. If a Mem-ber of Congress believes that we should deport 800,000 productive people who only know this country, who were brought here as children, then come to the floor of the House and put that on the record. Vote ‘‘yes’’ or ‘‘no,’’ but bring up the Dream Act. This is an important question, and it is the work of Congress, and we should do it now. 
f 
HONORING THE BRAVERY AND SACRIFICE OF THE 442ND MIS-SION SUPPORT GROUP (Mrs. HARTZLER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and thank the airmen of the 442nd Mission Support Group who returned home to Whiteman Air Force Base last month after a 6-month deployment. These dedicated reservists were deployed across six bases in sup-port of Operation Resolute Support and provided vital base functions for our military overseas. The reservists of the 442nd left their homes, jobs, families, and friends to travel overseas to support our mili-tary’s mission. I admire their commit-ment, their sacrifice, and dedication to our Nation. Their bravery and sacrifice deserve our appreciation and respect, and I am glad to welcome them home 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:58 Sep 12, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.007 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7229 September 12, 2017 
and thank them for their service to our country. I would also like to take a moment to thank their families for their com-mitment to our country. America’s military families say good-bye to their spouses, parents, children, and siblings for extended periods of time for the good of our Nation. They are unsung heroes, and they, too, deserve our rec-ognition for their sacrifice. So to the airmen of the 442nd, you and your families have our undying gratitude. You are truly heroes. Wel-come home, and thank you for your service. 
f 
IT IS TIME TO FUND WILDFIRES (Mr. SCHRADER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Speaker, for the past few weeks, the country has tuned in to watch as catastrophic hurricanes pummel Texas and Florida, but out West we have been facing our own nat-ural disaster, one that doesn’t get nearly as much attention but one that can be equally devastating and destruc-tive. I am talking, of course, about wildfires raging, burning a total of 7.8 million acres. In my home State of Or-egon, we currently have 26 active fires. As a member of this body, I have rou-tinely supported emergency appropria-tions packages when national disasters strike this country. I have supported funding for Superstorm Sandy. I sup-ported funding last week for Hurricane Harvey, and I will support funding for Hurricane Irma. I have done this be-cause, as an American and as a Member of Congress, it is the right thing to do. I call on my colleagues, now, to also support us in the West. We need to change the way we pay to fight these wildfires. My good friend from Idaho M
IKE S
IMPSON and I have once again intro-duced bipartisan legislation, H.R. 2862, the Wildfire Disaster Funding Act, that will begin to treat wildfires like the national disasters they are. The bill will create a fund dedicated to the costs of fighting wildfires so the Forest Service and BLM will no longer have to spend over 50 percent of their budget on fighting fires that should be spent on managing our forests and their sus-tainable health. This is common sense, my friends. It is time to act, time for this body to recognize the importance of this issue, especially to those of us out West who face these infernos every year. 
f 
HUNGER ACTION MONTH (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, September is Hunger Action Month, a month where people all over America stand together with the nationwide network of food banks to fight hunger. Hunger can affect people from all walks of life. Too many Americans are one job loss or one medical crisis away from food insecurity, and some people, like chil-dren and seniors, stand at a greater risk of facing hunger. That is why I am proud of the Bucks County Fresh Con-nect program, a free farmers market bringing fresh and healthy food to our hungry neighbors. The Fresh Connect program provides reliable and needed food to the 57,000 residents of Bucks County facing hunger, about a third of whom are children. This month I participated in the Fresh Connect program at Solly Farm in Ivyland, where fresh produce was collected and delivered to the Bucks County Community College in Bristol for distribution. I want to thank Philabundance, the Bucks County Opportunity Council, the Greater Philadelphia Coalition Against Hunger, St. Mary Medical Cen-ter, United Way of Bucks County, Roll-ing Harvest Food Rescue, and Solly Farm for all of their hard work in mak-ing this program possible. Mr. Speaker, these organizations and all of their generous volunteers are a tribute to our community and to our Nation. f 
HONORING SCHOOL NUTRITION PROFESSIONALS (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor school nutrition professionals across the country and in my congressional dis-trict located in central and south-western Illinois. From Monticello’s Washington Elementary School, to Edwardsville’s St. Boniface Catholic School, I have seen firsthand the great work they do in schools across my dis-trict. Now, as summer comes to an end and children head back to school, these professionals will be working hard to ensure students receive healthy and ap-pealing meals, which is not an easy task. Each schoolday, nearly 100,000 schools serve lunch to 30.4 million stu-dents. Nutritious meals at school are an essential part of the day and help to nourish children and enable them to learn. This could never be possible without dedicated school nutrition profes-sionals. School nutrition professionals are passionate about ensuring that stu-dents have access to the nutrition they need to succeed. I would like to take this opportunity to honor school nutri-tion professionals who should take pride in the work they do every single day. Thank you, and keep up the great work. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania) laid before the House the following communica-tion from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, September 11, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on September 11, 2017, at 7:58 p.m.: That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 3732. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3284) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish a Joint Counterterrorism Awareness Workshop Series, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3284 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Joint Counterterrorism Awareness Workshop Se-ries Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. JOINT COUNTERTERRORISM AWARENESS WORKSHOP SERIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title V of the Homeland Security Act (6 U.S.C. 311 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new sec-tion: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.009 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7230 September 12, 2017 
‘‘SEC. 529. JOINT COUNTERTERRORISM AWARE-NESS WORKSHOP SERIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator, in consultation with the Director of the Na-tional Counterterrorism Center and the Di-rector of the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion, shall establish a Joint Counterter-rorism Awareness Workshop Series (in this section referred to as the ‘Workshop Series’) to address emerging terrorist threats and to enhance the ability of State and local juris-dictions to prevent, protect against, respond to, and recover from terrorist attacks. ‘‘(b) P
URPOSE .—The Workshop Series estab-lished under subsection (a) shall include the following components: ‘‘(1) Reviewing existing preparedness, re-sponse, and interdiction plans, policies, and procedures related to terrorist attacks of the participating jurisdictions and identifying gaps in such plans, operational capabilities, response resources, and authorities. ‘‘(2) Identifying Federal, State, and local resources available to address the gaps iden-tified in accordance with paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) Providing assistance, through train-ing, exercises, and other means, to build or sustain, as appropriate, the capabilities to close such identified gaps. ‘‘(4) Examining the roles and responsibil-ities of participating agencies and respective communities in the event of a terrorist at-tack. ‘‘(5) Improving situational awareness and information sharing among all participating agencies in the event of a terrorist attack. ‘‘(6) Identifying and sharing best practices and lessons learned from each Workshop Se-ries established under subsection (a). ‘‘(c) D
ESIGNATION OF PARTICIPATING CIT-
IES.—The Administrator shall select jurisdic-tions to host a Workshop Series from those cities that— ‘‘(1) are currently receiving, or that pre-viously received, funding under section 2003; and ‘‘(2) have requested to be considered. ‘‘(d) W
ORKSHOP SERIES PARTICIPANTS .—In- dividuals from State and local jurisdictions and emergency response providers in cities designated under subsection (c) shall be eli-gible to participate in the Workshop Series, including the following: ‘‘(1) Senior elected and appointed officials. ‘‘(2) Law enforcement. ‘‘(3) Fire and Rescue. ‘‘(4) Emergency management. ‘‘(5) Emergency Medical Services. ‘‘(6) Public health officials. ‘‘(7) Private sector representatives. ‘‘(8) Other participants as deemed appro-priate by the Administrator. ‘‘(e) R
EPORTS .— ‘‘(1) W
ORKSHOP SERIES REPORT .—The Ad- ministrator, in consultation with the Direc-tor of the National Counterterrorism Center, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation, and officials from the city in which a Workshop Series is held, shall develop and submit to all of the agencies participating in such Workshop Series a report after the con-clusion of each such Workshop Series that addresses the following: ‘‘(A) Key findings about lessons learned and best practices from each such Workshop Series. ‘‘(B) Potential mitigation strategies and resources to address gaps identified during each such Workshop Series. ‘‘(2) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this section and annually thereafter for the next five years, the Administrator, in consulta-tion with the Director of the National Counterterrorism Center and the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate a com-prehensive summary report of the key themes, lessons learned, and best practices identified during the Workshop Series held during the previous year. ‘‘(f) AUTHORIZATION .—There is authorized to be appropriated $1,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 to carry out this sec-tion.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 528 the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘Sec. 529. Joint Counterterrorism Aware-ness Workshop Series.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include any extraneous ma-terial on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, as we gather this week and mark the 16th anniversary of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, we remember the nearly 3,000 innocent people lost in that heinous act—includ-ing 18 from my home of Bucks County, Pennsylvania. Additionally, we honor the more than 400 first responders who perished and the countless more whose long- term health was impacted because of their courageous action. Each of us in this Chamber has heard stories of those brave firefighters, police officers, and EMTs who ran toward the danger and chaos on that Tuesday morning and made the ultimate sacrifice in the service of their community and their country. Today we remember them, and we recommit to recognize their ef-forts and those efforts of all first re-sponders around our Nation. Mr. Speaker, since 9/11, we have seen the devastating impact of coordinated terrorist attacks on civilian targets. In these cases, first responders—including local police, fire, and emergency med-ical personnel—are the main response force. It is critical that these men and women have the training and tools to operate in these planned attacks. That is why I have introduced H.R. 3284, the Joint Counterterrorism Awareness Workshop Series Act of 2017, to authorize a vital workshop series al-lowing State and local jurisdictions to prepare for coordinated terrorist at-tacks. H.R. 3284, as amended, authorizes the Joint Counterterrorism Awareness Workshop Series for 5 years and delin-eates the activities that are required to be part of each workshop, including a review of current plans, policies and procedures, and an examination of the roles and responsibilities of each par-ticipating agency. H.R. 3284 ensures that the whole com-munity—from government officials, law enforcement, fire, EMS, and public health officials to the private sector— participates in the workshop. Additionally, Mr. Speaker, this bill allows the FEMA Administrator to se-lect jurisdictions to participate in such workshops from jurisdictions that cur-rently receive, or previously received, Urban Area Security Initiative funding and have requested to host a workshop. Finally, H.R. 3284 requires the par-ticipants to develop a summary report after each workshop that includes the key findings and strategies to mitigate the identified gaps. I introduced this bill with bipartisan support, and I am proud to have the backing of two first responder organi-zations that I trust when working on this type of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  a letter of support from the Inter-national Association of Fire Chiefs and a letter of support from the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association. 
INTERNATIONAL ASSOCIATION  
OFFIRECHIEFS , Fairfax, VA, July 21, 2017. Hon. B
RIAN K. F ITZPATRICK , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE FITZPATRICK : On be- half of the nearly 12,000 fire and emergency service leaders of the International Associa-tion of Fire Chiefs (IAFC), I express our sup-port for H.R. 3284, your legislation to author-ize the Joint Counterterrorism Awareness Workshop Series (JCTAWS). These multi-disciplinary exercises help local jurisdictions prepare for the threat of complex, coordi-nated terrorist attacks. The terrorist threat continues to evolve. As terrorist incidents in Mumbai in 2008, Paris in 2015, and Brussels in 2016 dem-onstrate, complex, coordinated terror at-tacks using multiple teams and a variety of tactics are a growing threat that local juris-dictions will have to address. Local jurisdic-tions must be prepared to respond to mul-tiple incidents at the same time involving active shooter incidents, explosives and the use of fire as a weapon. The JCTAWS exercises provide an environ-ment where local fire service, law enforce-ment, emergency medical service, private sector and other disciplines can plan for joint response to these incidents. The JCTAWS allows federal, state and local part-ners to collaboratively evaluate their op-tions and learn how to best protect their communities. The exercises also bring to-gether resources from the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, the National Counter-terrorism Center, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation to leverage the strengths of these major agencies. After a jurisdiction hosts a JCTAWS exercise, key findings are communicated to the participants as well as mitigation strategies and resources to ad-dress gaps in preparedness. The IAFC endorses this legislation and thanks you for authorizing funding for this critical exercise program. We look forward 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE7.003 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7231 September 12, 2017 
to working with you to pass this legislation this year. Sincerely, Fire Chief J
OHND. S INCLAIR , President and Chairman of the Board. 
FEDERAL LAWENFORCEMENT  O
FFICERS ASSOCIATION , Washington, DC. FLEOA C
OMMENDS FITZPATRICK , MURRAY , D
ONOVAN FOR FIRST RESPONDERS BILL W
ASHINGTON , DC.—The Federal Law En-forcement Officers Association (FLEOA) ap-plauds Representatives Brian Fitzpatrick (PA–08), Stephanie Murray (FL–07), Dan Donovan (NY–11), and the members of the House Homeland Security Committee for ex-panding the training and collaboration of emergency first responders through intro-duction of H.R. 3284, the Joint Counterter-rorism Awareness Workshop Series (JCTAWS) Act of 2017. FLEOA is the non- partisan, not-for-profit professional organi-zation representing more than 26,000 federal officers and agents from over 65 agencies. FLEOA President Nathan Catura stated, ‘‘The horrific damage and loss of life caused by terrorists 16 years ago reminds us of the devastation into which first responders in-sert themselves on a regular basis. Whenever state, local, federal, and tribal first respond-ers react as one unified team, the public ben-efits in countless ways.’’ ‘‘As a former federal agent, Congressman Fitzpatrick knows the benefits H.R. 3284 will have by expanding the unified training and communication of responders,’’ Catura con-tinued. ‘‘It is because of the previous JCTAWS training and the additional train-ing H.R. 3284 will generate that the public safety community has made considerable progress since the 9/11 attacks.’’ 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Throughout our Nation’s history, our first responders have always stood for peace, security, and ordered liberty that make our communities great and our country strong. For this we are eternally grate-ful. As we remember those who gave their lives on September 11, we, unfor-tunately, recall that the threats of co-ordinated terrorist attacks are not going away. Today it remains critical that our first responders have the re-sources and the tools needed to protect our communities. The Joint Counter-terrorism Awareness Workshop Series is one of these vital tools. Mr. Speaker, as a first responder my-self, I am proud to work with the House Committee on Homeland Secu-rity’s Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Commu-nications on moving this meaningful legislation, and I urge all Members to join me in supporting our first respond-ers by voting ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3284, the Joint Counterterrorism Awareness Workshop Series Act of 2017. Mr. Speaker, in a crisis like the at-tacks of September 11, 2001, our Na-tion’s first responders—police officers, firefighters, and emergency medical personnel—take on enormous respon-sibilities. They contain the situation, care for the injured, and keep people safe while putting their own lives at risk. These weighty responsibilities are central in terrorism-related crises. Today there is an appreciation of the importance of the whole-of-Nation re-sponse where efforts among diverse stakeholders, including nontraditional first responders, are well coordinated and thoroughly planned. The Joint Counterterrorism Aware-ness Workshop Series is a program where one-day events are hosted across the country that bring people together who play a critical role in keeping their city’s residents safe during a ter-rorist attack. The multicity series is a collaborative effort among Federal, State, local and private sector entities that empowers cities to provide the best response to an organized, coordi-nated, and multisite terrorist attack. One of these workshops was con-ducted in Los Angeles, near my dis-trict. I represent the Port of Los Ange-les—America’s port. It touches every congressional district and faces a vari-ety of threats that require coordinated preparation and response from Federal, State, and local agencies. Enactment of H.R. 3284, the Joint Counterterrorism Awareness Workshop Series Act, would codify this important program in law. Specifically, H.R. 3284 requires the FEMA Administrator, in consultation with the Directors of the National Counterterrorism Center and the Federal Bureau of Investigation, to establish a Joint Counterterrorism Workshop Series. Importantly, this bill requires that, at the conclusion of each event, the FEMA Administrator, in consultation with the NCTC and FBI Directors and officials from the participant city hosting the workshop series, provide all participants with an after-action re-port that includes key findings about lessons learned and best practices from the event, and potential mitigation strategies and resources to address gaps identified during the event. I strongly support this counterterror-ism training program, and I believe that Congress should show its support for the program by enacting this legis-lation. I urge my House colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3284 is an impor-tant piece of legislation that has strong support on both sides of the aisle. It empowers officials and individ-uals on the local level to come to-gether to make their communities more secure. This workshop series helps address new, evolving terrorist threats. It also enhances the ability of State and local jurisdictions to prevent, protect against, respond to, and recover from terror attacks here in the homeland. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3284, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I, once again, urge my colleagues to sup-port H.R. 3284, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-ior member of the House Committee on Homeland Security, I rise in support of H.R. 3284, ‘‘Joint Counterterrorism Awareness Workshop Series Act of 2017.’’ This bipartisan bill would formally authorize the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) to hold counterterrorism workshops with state and local officials in order to ad-dress emerging terrorist threats and to en-hance the ability of state and local jurisdictions to prevent, protect against, respond to, and re-cover from terrorist attacks. The coordination program under the meas-ure would include: 1. Reviewing existing preparedness, re-sponse, and interdiction plans, policies, and procedures related to terrorist attacks of the participating jurisdictions and identifying gaps in such plans, operational capabilities, re-sponse resources, and authorities; 2. Identifying Federal, State, and local re-sources available to address the gaps identi-fied; 3. Providing assistance, through training, ex-ercises, and other means, to build or sustain, as appropriate, the capabilities to close such identified gaps; 4. Examining the roles and responsibilities of participating agencies and respective com-munities in the event of a terrorist attack; 5. Improving situational awareness and in-formation sharing among all participating agencies in the event of a terrorist attack; and 6. Identifying and sharing best practices and lessons learned from each Workshop Series. I would like to take the time to thank FEMA for their response to Hurricane Harvey and their efforts with Hurricane Irma. Since Hurricane Harvey, 617,000 individuals have registered for assistance through FEMA with 13,585 interactions with survivors taking place. FEMA is an integral part of security for survivors of catastrophes. By providing these workshops, we will continue to provide secu-rity when our country is most vulnerable. The bill would authorize $1 million a year from fiscal year 2018 through 2022 to estab-lish the Joint Counterterrorism Awareness Workshop Series. This workshop series is intended to help local jurisdictions prevent and respond to co-ordinated terrorist attacks. This bill would authorize funding for five years instead of the one-year authorization in the committee-approved version and would modify FEMA’s reporting requirements. The series would provide training and other resources to close gaps in local counterter-rorism preparedness plans, and to improve co-ordination among state and local agencies. Participants would include state and local officials, law enforcement officers, first re-sponders, public health personnel, and pri-vate-sector representatives. The most chaotic times for first responders are in response to natural disasters, leaving little to no resources to respond to a potential terror attack. Those who seek to do our nation harm can take advantage of the lack of available first re-sponders trained to handle counterterrorism during a natural disaster, such as Hurricane Harvey and the flooding that took place in Houston. During Hurricane Harvey, Texas first re-sponders were facing double effort with both a hurricane and flood; preventing proper re-sponse to a homeland security event should it have happened. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12SE7.004 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7232 September 12, 2017 
It is important to include in their training, a resource for first responders to learn how to manage a terror threat during a catastrophic event such as Hurricane Harvey. It is imperative to provide these resources to local law enforcement agencies in order to protect the United States when it is most vul-nerable. I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 3284. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3284, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
DHS INTELLIGENCE ROTATIONAL ASSIGNMENT PROGRAM ACT OF 2017 Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2453) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the In-telligence Rotational Assignment Pro-gram in the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2453 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘DHS Intel-ligence Rotational Assignment Program Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. INTELLIGENCE ROTATIONAL ASSIGN-MENT PROGRAM. 
Section 844 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 414) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) I
NTELLIGENCE ROTATIONAL ASSIGNMENT  P
ROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish an Intelligence Rotational Assign-ment Program as part of the Rotation Pro-gram under subsection (a). ‘‘(2) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Chief Human Capital Officer, in conjunction with the Chief Intelligence Officer, shall administer the Intelligence Rotational Assignment Pro-gram established pursuant to paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) E
LIGIBLITY .—The Intelligence Rota-tional Assignment Program established pur-suant to paragraph (1) shall be open to em-ployees serving in existing analyst positions within the Department’s Intelligence Enter-prise and other Department employees as de-termined appropriate by the Chief Human Capital Officer and the Chief Intelligence Of-ficer. ‘‘(4) C
OORDINATION .—The responsibilities specified in paragraph (3)(B) of subsection (a) that apply to the Rotation Program under such subsection shall, as applicable, also apply to the Intelligence Rotational Assign-ment Program under this subsection.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GALLAGHER ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Wisconsin? There was no objection. Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, the Department of Homeland Security currently has nine designated component intelligence pro-grams with trained analysts who could benefit from an authorized, better or-ganized rotation program. In order to truly develop homeland security intel-ligence expertise, the DHS has to de-velop and expand programs to cross- train their broad cadre of analysts. One of the major lessons we learned from the September 11 terror attacks was the vital need to connect the dots by sharing information across analyt-ical silos and across agencies. The bill we are considering today builds upon this foundation by authorizing a rota-tion program for intelligence analysts across the Department. Having served as an intelligence ana-lyst in the Marine Corps and in the in-telligence community, including at the National Counterterrorism Center and the Drug Enforcement Agency, I know firsthand the value of analysts gaining experience in different mission areas and broadening their analytical skills. H.R. 2453, the DHS Intelligence Rota-tional Assignment Program Act of 2017, supports the effort to develop an inte-grated workforce of analysts that will ultimately develop a homeland secu-rity intelligence expertise. The bill au-thorizes the Intelligence Rotational Assignment Program, or IRAP, and di-rects the Department to promote and reward participation. There is an existing IRAP, but based on oversight efforts over the past year, it is clear the DHS needs a more inte-grated, coordinated, and transparent rotation program. For example, numer-ous intelligence components are not aware of the IRAP’s existence, and it is not being coordinated with other rota-tional programs offered by the Depart-ment or the intelligence community at large. Moreover, a recent joint inspector general review involving IGs from the intelligence community, the DHS, and the Department of Justice specifically referenced the creation of the IRAP as an important step to help unify the DHS intelligence enterprise, but noted the lack of incentives to encourage participation in this initiative. So this legislation seeks to address these shortcomings by authorizing the IRAP and providing the program with a man-agement structure and participation incentives. Having a robust analyst rotation pro-gram is important for a number of rea-sons. First, it offers key professional development opportunities to analysts by exposing them to the legal authori-ties, collection capabilities, and data sets associated with different intel-ligence offices across the DHS. It also is an important building block in the development of homeland security in-telligence as a core competency above and beyond individual mission areas at the Department. Finally, the IRAP enhances the cohe-sion of the DHS intelligence enterprise by exposing intelligence analysts to their counterparts in one of the eight other intelligence components, thus encouraging them to see themselves as part of the larger DHS intelligence en-terprise. In short, this bill promotes a more robust intelligence analyst rotation program to ensure the Department is building a network of employees with a true homeland security intelligence ex-pertise. Mr. Speaker, this bill will make the country more safe. I urge my col-leagues to support this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , PER-
MANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON IN-
TELLIGENCE , Washington, DC, September 8, 2017. Hon. M
ICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, House Committee on Homeland Secu-rity, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN MCCAUL: I understand H.R. 2453, 2468, and 2470 are slated for consider-ation on the suspension calendar next week. All three bills amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make certain improvements in the laws administered by the Secretary of Homeland Security by requiring the Sec-retary, acting through the Chief Intelligence Officer of the Department, to perform spe-cific intelligence-related functions. All three bills are virtually identical to specific provi-sions contained in H.R. 2825, the House- passed ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Authorization Act of 2017’’ for which I wrote to you about on June 27, 2017. Accordingly, since H.R. 2453, 2468, and 2470 implicate Na-tional Intelligence Program (NIP)-funded ac-tivities, I expect that they would be sequen-tially referred to the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence (the Committee). As discussed in previous correspondence re-garding H.R. 2825, we signed a Memorandum Regarding Authorization of the Department of Homeland Security and exchanged letters on January 11, 2017 (January 2017 Exchange of Letter), to clarify the Committee’s exclu-sive jurisdiction over NIP-funded elements of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS). The January 2017 Exchange of Letters affirmed that, consistent with the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Intel-ligence Authorization Act (IAA) is the vehi-cle that through which Congress authorizes annual appropriations for the NIP, including NIP-funded elements of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS). Moreover, those Letters made explicit that the Committee on Homeland Security would not report to the House any bill that authorizes any elements of DHS funded through the NIP, and that if any such bill is reported by the Committee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12SE7.026 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7233 September 12, 2017 
on Homeland Security, this Committee will request a sequential referral of the bill. In order to expedite the House’s consider-ation of H.R. 2453, 2468, and 2470, the Com-mittee will forego consideration of all three measures. This courtesy, is however, condi-tioned on our mutual understanding and agreement that it will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee with respect to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matter contained in these bills or any similar measure. It is also condi-tioned on the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity’s adherence to the agreement embodied in the January 2017 Exchange of Letters. I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding and would request that you include in the Con-gressional Record during floor consideration of all three bills, a copy of this letter, your response, and the January 2017 Exchange of Letters, including the Memorandum. Thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Best Regards, D
EVIN NUNES , Chairman. Enclosure. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, January 11, 2017. Hon. D
EVIN NUNES , Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN NUNES : Thank you for your letter supporting the Committee on Homeland Security’s plans to conduct a com-prehensive reauthorization of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security (‘‘the Depart-ment’’) in the 115th Congress, as expressed in the 2017 ‘‘Memorandum Regarding Author-ization of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity.’’ I appreciate your willingness to help en-sure the Department is fully authorized, and recognize that there may be areas of juris-dictional interest to the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence (‘‘Intelligence Committee’’) in such an authorization. Rule X (j)(3) of the House of Representatives grants the Committee on Homeland Security jurisdiction over the ‘‘functions of the De-partment of Homeland Security,’’ including those functions related to the ‘‘integration, analysis, and dissemination of homeland se-curity information,’’ while Rule X(11)(b)(1) grants the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence jurisdiction over ‘‘proposed leg-islation relating to . . . the National Intel-ligence Program as defined in Section 3(6) of the National Security Act’’ and ‘‘[a]uthorizations for appropriations, both di-rect and indirect, for the National Intel-ligence Program as defined in Section 3(6) of the National Security Act;’’ The Committee on Homeland Security does not intend to authorize any elements of the Department that are funded through the National Intelligence Program (‘‘NIP’’) as part of the Department authorization bill it reports to the House this Congress, although we both agree that the reported bill may in-clude Department-wide provisions that could affect Department elements that happen to receive funding through the NIP, Accord-ingly, I will oppose as nongermaine any amendments which may be offered in my committee’s markup related to the NIP- funded elements of the Department. I further agree to consult you before taking any ac-tion on similar amendments which may be offered during consideration of the bill by the full House. In the interest of ensuring the most robust Department authorization possible, we fur-ther agree that you may offer an amendment during consideration of the bill in the full House. That amendment will contain the text of any legislative provisions related to the NIP-funded elements of DHS previously reported by the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence. If the Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence has not re-ported any provisions related to the NIP- funded elements of DHS, you will not offer an amendment. Understanding, however, that both of our committees have a jurisdic-tional interest in the Department’s Office of Intelligence and Analysis, we agree to work together to ensure that the Office receives the most effective congressional guidance. Finally, I reiterate my intention that nothing included in the 2017 ‘‘Memorandum Regarding Authorization of the Department of Homeland Security’’ alters the jurisdic-tion of either the Committee on Homeland Security or the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence. The Committee on Homeland Security appreciates the past suc-cess we have enjoyed working with the Intel-ligence Committee. I am grateful for your support and look forward to continuing to work together toward our mutual goal of en-suring that the Department and its compo-nents are authorized on a regular basis. Sincerely, MICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , PER-
MANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON IN-
TELLIGENCE , Washington, DC, January 11, 2017. Hon. M
ICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: In accordance with paragraph 10 of the January 2017 ‘‘Memorandum Regarding Authorization of the Department of Homeland Security,’’ I write to confirm our mutual understanding of the procedure through which the House will authorize the elements of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security (DHS) funded through the National Intelligence Program (NIP). I appreciate your dedication to producing a comprehensive reauthorization of DHS that will improve congressional oversight of the Department. As you know, Rule X(11)(b)(1) of the House of Representatives grants the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence sole jurisdiction over ‘‘proposed legislation . . . relating to . . . the National Intel-ligence Program as defined in Section 3(6) of the National Security Act’’ and ‘‘[a]uthorizations for appropriations, both di-rect and indirect, for . . . the National Intel-ligence Program as defined in Section 3(6) of the National Security Act;’’ and Rule X (j)(3) of the House of Representatives grants the Committee on Homeland Security jurisdic-tion over the ‘‘functions of the Department of Homeland Security,’’ including those functions related to the ‘‘integration, anal-ysis, and dissemination of homeland security information.’’ As you also know, the Intelligence Author-ization Act (IAA) is the annual vehicle through which Congress authorizes appro-priations for the NIP, including for elements of DHS that receive funding through the NIP. The IAA includes a classified schedule of authorizations, incorporated into the stat-ute by reference, and direction and rec-ommendations in a classified annex to the report of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. Nothing in the January 2017 ‘‘Memorandum Regarding Authorization of the Department of Homeland Security,’’ shall be construed to grant the Committee on Homeland Security jurisdiction over pro-posed legislation relating to the NIP or au-thorizations for appropriations for the NIP. In keeping with these principles, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security will not report to the House any bill that authorizes any elements of DNS funded through the NIP. If any such bill is reported by the Committee on Homeland Security, the Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence will request a sequential referral of the bill. Under-standing, however, that both of our commit-tees have a jurisdictional interest in the De-partment’s Office of Intelligence and Anal-ysis, we agree to work together to ensure that the Office receives the most effective congressional guidance. We further agree that if the Committee on Homeland Security reports a DHS-wide au-thorization bill to the House, I may offer an amendment during consideration of the bill in the full House. That amendment will con-tain the text of any legislative provisions re-lated to the NIP-funded elements of DHS previously reported by the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. If the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence has not re-ported any provisions related to the NIP- funded elements of DHS, I will not offer an amendment, and the DHS-wide authorization bill will not contain any provisions related to the NIP-funded elements of DHS. We fur-ther agree that you will oppose as non-germane all amendments related to the NIP- funded elements of DHS in markup in the Committee on Homeland Security. If any amendments related to the NIP-funded ele-ments of DHS are subsequently offered dur-ing consideration by the full House, you agree to consult with me before taking ac-tion. Finally, we agree that you will support the appointment of the Chairman and Ranking Member of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence to any committee of con-ference on a DHS-wide authorization bill that includes any provisions related to the NIP-funded elements of DHS. In accordance with Rule X(11)(b)(2) this un-derstanding does not preclude either the Committee on Homeland Security or the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence from authorizing other intelligence and in-telligence-related activities of DHS, includ-ing, but not limited to, the Homeland Secu-rity Intelligence Program. In keeping with paragraph 5 of the January 2017 ‘‘Memo-randum Regarding Authorization of the De-partment of Homeland Security,’’ our com-mittees will work jointly to vet and clear any provisions of a DHS authorization bill related to these other intelligence and intel-ligence-related activities of DHS. Further-more, I hope the staff of our committees can continue to closely and expeditiously to con-duct rigorous oversight of intelligence ac-tivities throughout DHS. The understanding detailed by this letter is limited to the 115th Congress. It shall not constitute an understanding between our committees in any subsequent congress. I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding. I look forward to working with you to continue congressional oversight of DHS intelligence activities, and I thank you in advance for your cooperation. Sincerely, D
EVIN NUNES , Chairman. 
MEMORANDUM REGARDING AUTHORIZATION OF  
THE DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY  S
UBMITTED BY HON. PAULD. R YAN OF WIS-
CONSIN  We, the chairs of the committees with ju-risdiction over the Department of Homeland 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE7.007 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7234 September 12, 2017 
Security or its components, are hereby re-cording our agreement on the following prin-ciples for the 115th Congress: 1. The Department of Homeland Security (‘‘the Department’’) and its components should be authorized on a regular basis to ensure robust oversight and improve its op-eration. 2. Committees with jurisdiction over the Department and its components will prioritize the authorization of the Depart-ment and any unauthorized or expiring com-ponent in that committee’s authorization and oversight plan. 3. To the maximum extent practicable, the committees with jurisdiction over unauthor-ized or expiring components of the Depart-ment shall coordinate with the Committee on Homeland Security to produce a com-prehensive authorization bill for the Depart-ment. 4. The Committee on Homeland Security shall coordinate with the committees with jurisdiction over unauthorized or expiring components of the Department in the devel-opment of any comprehensive authorization bill for the Department. 5. The Committee on Homeland Security and the committees with jurisdiction over components of the Department shall jointly develop a process for the vetting and pre- clearing of base text and amendments of-fered at subcommittee and full committee markups of a DHS authorization bill in the Committee on Homeland Security that fall within the jurisdiction of a committee other than or in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security. 6. The committees will expedite consider-ation of any comprehensive authorization bill for the Department, including timely resolution of any matters subject to a se-quential or additional referral. 7. To the extent that there are policy dif-ferences between the committees regarding a provision of the comprehensive authoriza-tion bill for the Department, the committees will make best efforts to resolve any such dispute. 8. The Committee on Homeland Security Committee shall not include any provision in a comprehensive authorization bill that the chair of the Committee on Ways and Means has determined to be a revenue provi-sion or a provision affecting revenue. If the chair of the Committee on Ways and Means makes such a determination, nothing in this agreement shall be construed to preclude that chair from exercising an additional or sequential referral over the measure, or a point of order under clause 5 (a) of Rule XXI of the Rules of the House of Representatives. 9. Nothing in this agreement shall be con-strued as altering any committee’s jurisdic-tion under rule X of the Rules of the House of Representatives or the referral of any measure thereunder. 10. Further, nothing in this memorandum precludes a further agreement between the committees with regard to the implementa-tion of a process to ensure regular com-prehensive authorizations of the Depart-ment. Signed, G
REGG ‘‘WALDEN , Chair, Committee on Energy and Com-merce D
EVIN NUNES , Chair, Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence J
ASON CHAFFETZ , Chair, Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform B
ILLSHUSTER , Chair, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure MICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chair, Committee on Homeland Security B
OBGOODLATTE , Chair, Committee on the Judiciary L
AMAR SMITH, Chair, Committee on Science, Space and Technology K
EVIN BRADY , Chair, Committee on Ways and Means. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, September 11, 2017. Hon. D
EVIN NUNES , Chairman, Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN NUNES : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 2453, H.R. 2468, and H.R. 2470. I appreciate your support in bringing these very important pieces of leg-islation before the House of Representatives, and appreciate the willingness of the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence to forego seeking a sequential referral. The Committee on Homeland Security con-curs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing a sequential referral on these bills at this time, the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence does not waive any ju-risdiction over the subject matter contained in any of these bills or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on any of these bills be necessary, I would support your request to have the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence rep-resented for provisions within your jurisdic-tion on the conference committee. Additionally, the Committee on Homeland Security recognizes and appreciates the im-portance of the Memorandum Regarding Au-thorization of the Department of Homeland Security and the letter exchange on January 11, 2017. The Committee on Homeland Secu-rity contends that per such agreement the bills considered on the floor today do ‘‘not intend to authorize any elements of the De-partment that are funded through the Na-tional Intelligence Program (NIP). . . . but may include Department-wide provisions that could affect Department elements that happen to receive funding through the NIP.’’ I will insert copies of this exchange in the Congressional Record during consideration of these bills on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security. 
Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my friend’s bill, H.R. 2453, the DHS Intel-ligence Rotational Assignment Pro-gram Act of 2017. Mr. Speaker, 16 years ago, Americans were jarred by the spectacle of the mighty Twin Towers collapsing and fires at the Pentagon and in a Pennsyl-vania field. The perpetrators of the at-tacks sought to bring the United States to its knees. While, without question, a deep wound that may never fully heal was inflicted on the heart of this Nation on that day, we remain strong and resolute. We emerged from that devastating experience more determined and with lessons learned about the need for bet-ter information sharing, interoper-ability, and coordination. One major reform was the establish-ment of the Department of Homeland Security as a multimission agency, which today has 240,000 men and women serving in a range of capacities at our land, air, and seaports, as well as in the field, working to protect crit-ical infrastructure from cyber and other attacks. The DHS Intelligence Rotational As-signment Program Act seeks to provide DHS employees with the opportunity to do a rotational assignment within the DHS’ Intelligence and Analysis di-vision. By establishing this program, officers and analysts across the DHS who have a passion for keeping our Nation secure would be provided the opportunity to develop or broaden their intelligence and counterterrorism skills. Organiza-tions with such programs find that they yield benefits far beyond what the individuals who participate learn. Mr. Speaker, I urge my House col-leagues to support this bipartisan leg-islation. b1230 Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2453 was over-whelmingly approved by the Com-mittee on Homeland Security. The ro-tational program that it authorizes has the potential to not only provide some dedicated DHS employees a boost in morale and fresh perspective on the mission, but also to enrich DHS’ con-tributions to the intelligence enter-prise. Mr. Speaker, as such, I encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 2453, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentle-woman from California for her hard work, and I, once again, urge my col-leagues to support H.R. 2453, to bolster the Department of Homeland Secu-rity’s Intelligence Analyst Program and, thereby, strengthen the DHS in-telligence enterprise. Additionally, I want to thank Chair-man NUNES and the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence for working with the Committee on Home-land Security to bring my bill, as well as H.R. 2468, offered by Representative P
ERRY , and H.R. 2470, offered by Rep-resentative R
OGERS , to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the following exchange of letters: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , PER-
MANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON IN-
TELLIGENCE , Washington, DC, September 8, 2017. Hon. M
ICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, House Committee on Homeland Secu-rity, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN MCCAUL: I understand H.R. 2453, 2468, and 2470 are slated for consider-ation on the suspension calendar next week. All three bills amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make certain improvements in the laws administered by the Secretary of Homeland Security by requiring the Sec-retary, acting through the Chief Intelligence Officer of the Department, to perform spe-cific intelligence-related functions. All three 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE7.010 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7235 September 12, 2017 
bills are virtually identical to specific provi-sions contained in H.R. 2825, the House- passed ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Authorization Act of 2017’’ for which I wrote to you about on June 27, 2017. Accordingly, since H.R. 2453, 2468, and 2470 implicate Na-tional Intelligence Program (NIP)-funded ac-tivities, I expect that they would be sequen-tially referred to the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence (the Committee). As discussed in previous correspondence re-garding H.R. 2825, we signed a Memorandum Regarding Authorization of the Department of Homeland Security and exchanged letters on January 11, 2017 (January 2017 Exchange of Letter), to clarify the Committee’s exclu-sive jurisdiction over NIP-funded elements of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS). The January 2017 Exchange of Letters affirmed that, consistent with the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Intel-ligence Authorization Act (IAA) is the vehi-cle that through which Congress authorizes annual appropriations for the NIP, including NIP-funded elements of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS). Moreover, those letters made explicit that the Committee on Homeland Security would not report to the House any bill that authorizes any elements of DHS funded through the NIP, and that if any such bill is reported by the Committee on Homeland Security, this Committee will request a sequential referral of the bill. In order to expedite the House’s consider-ation of H.R. 2453, 2468, and 2470, the Com-mittee will forego consideration of all three measures. This courtesy, is however, condi-tioned on our mutual understanding and agreement that it will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee with respect to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matter contained in these bills or any similar measure. It is also condi-tioned on the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity’s adherence to the agreement embodied in the January 2017 Exchange of Letters. I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding and would request that you include in the C
ON-
GRESSIONAL RECORD during floor consider-ation of all three bills, a copy of this letter, your response, and the January 2017 Ex-change of Letters, including the Memo-randum. Thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Best Regards, D
EVIN NUNES , Chairman. Enclosure. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, January 11, 2017. Hon. D
EVIN NUNES , Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, U.S. Capitol, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN NUNES : Thank you for your letter supporting the Committee on Homeland Security’s plans to conduct a com-prehensive reauthorization of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security (‘‘the Depart-ment’’) in the 115th Congress, as expressed in the 2017 ‘‘Memorandum Regarding Author-ization of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity.’’ I appreciate your willingness to help en-sure the Department is fully authorized, and recognize that there may be areas of juris-dictional interest to the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence (‘‘Intelligence Committee’’) in such an authorization. Rule X(j)(3) of the House of Representatives grants the Committee on Homeland Security jurisdiction over the ‘‘functions of the De-partment of Homeland Security,’’ including those functions related to the ‘‘integration, analysis, and dissemination of homeland se-curity information,’’ while Rule X(11)(b)(1) grants the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence jurisdiction over ‘‘proposed leg-islation . . . relating to . . . the National In-telligence Program as defined in Section 3(6) of the National Security Act’’ and ‘‘[a]uthorizations for appropriations, both di-rect and indirect, for . . . the National Intel-ligence Program as defined in Section 3(6) of the National Security Act;’’ The Committee on Homeland Security does not intend to authorize any elements of the Department that are funded through the National Intelligence Program (‘‘NIP’’) as part of the Department authorization bill it reports to the House this Congress, although we both agree that the reported bill may in-clude Department-wide provisions that could affect Department elements that happen to receive funding through the NIP. Accord-ingly, I will oppose as nongermaine any amendments which may be offered in my committee’s markup related to the NIP- funded elements of the Department. I further agree to consult you before taking any ac-tion on similar amendments which may be offered during consideration of the bill by the full House. In the interest of ensuring the most robust Department authorization possible, we fur-ther agree that you may offer an amendment during consideration of the bill in the full House. That amendment will contain the text of any legislative provisions related to the NIP-funded elements of DHS previously reported by the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence. If the Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence has not re-ported any provisions related to the NIP- funded elements of DHS, you will not offer an amendment. Understanding, however, that both of our committees have a jurisdic-tional interest in the Department’s Office of Intelligence and Analysis, we agree to work together to ensure that the Office receives the most effective congressional guidance. Finally, I reiterate my intention that nothing included in the 2017 ‘‘Memorandum Regarding Authorization of the Department of Homeland Security’’ alters the jurisdic-tion of either the Committee on Homeland Security or the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence. The Committee on Homeland Security appreciates the past suc-cess we have enjoyed working with the Intel-ligence Committee. I am grateful for your support and look forward to continuing to work together toward our mutual goal of en-suring that the Department and its compo-nents are authorized on a regular basis. Sincerely, MICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , PER-
MANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON IN-
TELLIGENCE , Washington, DC, January 11, 2017. Hon. M
ICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: In accordance with paragraph 10 of the January 2017 ‘‘Memorandum Regarding Authorization of the Department of Homeland Security,’’ I write to confirm our mutual understanding of the procedure through which the House will authorize the elements of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security (DHS) funded through the National Intelligence Program (NIP). I appreciate your dedication to producing a comprehensive reauthorization of DHS that will improve congressional oversight of the Department. As you know, Rule X(11)(b)(1) of the House of Representatives grants the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence sole jurisdiction over ‘‘proposed legislation . . . relating to . . . the National Intel-ligence Program as defined in Section 3(6) of the National Security Act’’ and ‘‘[a]uthorizations for appropriations, both di-rect and indirect, for . . . the National Intel-ligence Program as defined in Section 3(6) of the National Security Act;’’ and Rule X (j)(3) of the House of Representatives grants the Committee on Homeland Security jurisdic-tion over the ‘‘functions of the Department of Homeland Security,’’ including those functions related to the ‘‘integration, anal-ysis, and dissemination of homeland security information.’’ As you also know, the Intelligence Author-ization Act (IAA) is the annual vehicle through which Congress authorizes appro-priations for the NIP, including for elements of DHS that receive funding through the NIP. The IAA includes a classified schedule of authorizations, incorporated into the stat-ute by reference, and direction and rec-ommendations in a classified annex to the report of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. Nothing in the January 2017 ‘‘Memorandum Regarding Authorization of the Department of Homeland Security,’’ shall be construed to grant the Committee on Homeland Security jurisdiction over pro-posed legislation relating to the NIP or au-thorizations for appropriations for the NIP. In keeping with these principles, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security will not report to the House any bill that authorizes any elements of DHS funded through the NIP. If any such bill is reported by the Committee on Homeland Security, the Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence will request a sequential referral of the bill. Under-standing, however, that both of our commit-tees have a jurisdictional interest in the De-partment’s Office of Intelligence and Anal-ysis, we agree to work together to ensure that the Office receives the most effective congressional guidance. We further agree that if the Committee on Homeland Security reports a DHS-wide au-thorization bill to the House, I may offer an amendment during consideration of the bill in the full House. That amendment will con-tain the text of any legislative provisions re-lated to the NIP-funded elements of DHS previously reported by the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. If the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence has not re-ported any provisions related to the NIP- funded elements of DHS, I will not offer an amendment, and the DHS-wide authorization bill will not contain any provisions related to the NIP-funded elements of DHS. We fur-ther agree that you will oppose as nongermanc all amendments related to the NIP-funded elements of DHS in markup in the Committee on Homeland Security. If any amendments related to the NIP-funded ele-ments of DHS are subsequently offered dur-ing consideration by the full House, you agree to consult with me before taking ac-tion. Finally, we agree that you will support the appointment of the Chairman and Ranking Member of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence to any committee of con-ference on a DHS-wide authorization bill that includes any provisions related to the NIP-funded elements of DHS. In accordance with Rule X(11)(b)(2) this un-derstanding does not preclude either the Committee on Homeland Security or the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence from authorizing other intelligence and in-telligence-related activities of DHS, includ-ing, but not limited to, the Homeland Secu-rity Intelligence Program. In keeping with paragraph 5 of the January 2017 ‘Memo-randum Regarding Authorization of the De-partment of Homeland Security,’’ our com-mittees will work jointly to vet and clear any provisions of a DHS authorization bill 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE7.013 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7236 September 12, 2017 
related to these other intelligence and intel-ligence-related activities of DHS. Further-more, I hope the staff of our committees can continue to closely and expeditiously to con-duct rigorous oversight of intelligence ac-tivities throughout DHS. The understanding detailed by this letter is limited to the 115th Congress, It shall not constitute an understanding between our committees in any subsequent congress. I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding. I look forward to working with you to continue congressional oversight of DHS intelligence activities, and I thank you in advance for your cooperation. Sincerely, D
EVIN NUNES , Chairman. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ALLAGHER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2453. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PATHWAYS TO IMPROVING HOME-LAND SECURITY AT THE LOCAL LEVEL ACT Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2427) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002, to direct the As-sistant Secretary for State and Local Law Enforcement to produce and dis-seminate an annual catalog on Depart-ment of Homeland Security training, publications, programs, and services for State, local, and tribal law enforce-ment agencies, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2427 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Pathways to Improving Homeland Security At the Local Level Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ANNUAL CATALOG ON DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY TRAINING, PUBLICATIONS, PROGRAMS, AND SERVICES FOR STATE, LOCAL, AND TRIBAL LAW ENFORCEMENT AGEN-CIES. 
Section 2006(b)(4) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 607(b)(4)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (F), by striking the pe-riod and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(G) produce an annual catalog that sum-marizes opportunities for training, publica-tions, programs, and services available to State, local, and tribal law enforcement agencies from the Department and from each component and office within the Department and, not later than 30 days after the date of such production, disseminate the catalog, in-cluding by— ‘‘(i) making such catalog available to State, local, and tribal law enforcement agencies, including by posting the catalog on the website of the Department and cooper-ating with national organizations that rep-resent such agencies; ‘‘(ii) making such catalog available through the Homeland Security Information Network; and ‘‘(iii) submitting such catalog to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Sen-ate.’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ALLAGHER ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Wisconsin? There was no objection. Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, the Pathways to Im-proving Homeland Security at the Local Level Act, sponsored by the gen-tlewoman from Florida (Mrs. D
EMINGS ), ensures that State and local law en-forcement will continue to receive val-uable information on DHS resources and programs available to law enforce-ment. The bill requires the Office for State and Local Law Enforcement to produce and disseminate an annual catalog that summarizes opportunities for training, publications, programs, and services available to non-Federal law enforce-ment agencies from the Department of Homeland Security, and to disseminate the catalog to State and local law en-forcement entities within 30 days of production. This also requires DHS to share the catalog through the Homeland Secu-rity Information Network. By requir-ing the Office to share this catalog through this existing information shar-ing platform, it will expand the number of State and local law enforcement partners who receive it. This bill is a commonsense measure focused on increasing transparency on DHS tools and resources available to State and local law enforcement. I commend the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. D
EMINGS ) for her work on this measure. She is unable to be present today because of Hurricane Irma. Our thoughts and prayers are with her, her district, and the State of Florida as recovery efforts continue. On behalf of the Committee on Home-land Security, I want to express our ap-preciation to the Judiciary Committee for working with us to move this meas-ure. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, September 5, 2017. Hon. M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: I write with re-spect to H.R. 2427, the ‘‘Pathways to Improv-ing Homeland Security at the Local Level Act.’’ As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions within H.R. 2427 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I forego any further consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. The Judiciary Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by fore-going consideration of H.R. 2427 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion and that our committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appro-priate number of conferees to any (House- Senate conference involving this or similar legislation and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate a response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 2427 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be in-cluded in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of this bill. Sincerely, B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, September 6, 2017. Hon. B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 2427, the ‘‘Path-ways to Improving Homeland Security at the Local Level Act.’’ I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, under-stand that the Committee on the Judiciary will forego further consideration of the bill. The Committee on Homeland Security con-curs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of this bill at this time, the Judiciary does not waive any juris-diction over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on the Judiciary rep-resented on the conference committee. I will insert copies of this exchange in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security. 
Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2427, Pathways to Improving Homeland Security at the Local Level Act. Sixteen years ago, the terrorist at-tacks of September 11 brought home the reality that terrorism prevention and preparedness is a shared Federal, State, and local responsibility. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE7.027 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7237 September 12, 2017 
Today, the Department of Homeland Security’s training catalog is a pri-mary resource for State and local juris-dictions to find opportunities to en-hance their counterterrorism and pre-paredness capabilities. H.R. 2427 seeks to ensure that, going forward, this vital resource remains available to the first responder community. Specifically, H.R. 2427 directs DHS’ Office for State and Local Law En-forcement to produce and distribute an annual catalog of DHS’ training, pro-grams, and services for State, local, and tribal law enforcement. Further, to ensure that this informa-tion is shared throughout the law en-forcement community, the Pathways to Improving Homeland Security at the Local Level Act requires this com-prehensive catalog be posted on the DHS website, as well as on the Home-land Security Information Network. My district is home to the Coast Guard, DHS personnel, and officials from the Port of Los Angeles, who all have to work together to prepare and respond to threats. This bill would pro-vide the information they need to work together and get the necessary train-ing. This measure, which was introduced by my Democratic colleague on the Homeland Security Committee, Rep-resentative V
ALDEMINGS , highlights the importance of equipping law en-forcement with necessary tools so that they can quickly adapt and discover new ways to evolve with the current terrorist threat landscape. Enactment of this bill will further strengthen the Department’s partner-ship with State and local law enforce-ment to help protect the homeland. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2427 is an impor-tant piece of legislation that has strong support on both sides of the aisle. Consideration of this measure today is particularly timely, as this week we remember those who sacrificed their lives and ran toward danger during the worst terrorist attack on U.S. soil. We owe it to their memory and to the men and women that today stand on the front lines to ensure that they have ac-cess to the training and tools they need to keep their communities secure. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support H.R. 2427, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Once again, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2427 to ensure that State and local law enforcement continue to receive valuable information on the Department of Homeland Security’s services and resources. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-ior member of the House Committee on Homeland Security, I rise in support of H.R. 2427, Pathways to Improving Homeland Secu-rity At the Local Level Act. This bipartisan bill would amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002, to direct the Assist-ant Secretary for State and Local Law En-forcement to produce and disseminate an an-nual catalog on Department of Homeland Se-curity training, publications, programs, and services for State, local, and tribal law en-forcement agencies, and for other purposes. The coordination program under the meas-ure would include: 1. Producing an annual catalog that summa-rizes opportunities for training, publications, programs, and services available to State, local, and tribal law enforcement agencies from the Department and from each compo-nent and office within the Department; 2. Making such catalog available to State, local, and tribal law enforcement agencies, in-cluding by posting the catalog on the website of the Department and cooperating with na-tional organizations that represent such agen-cies; 3. Making such catalog available through the Homeland Security Information Network; and 4. Submitting such catalog to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Sen-ate. It is important to ensure our first responders and local law enforcement agencies are trained in homeland security programs, espe-cially in times of natural disasters such as Hurricane Harvey and Hurricane Irma. During relief efforts after Hurricane Harvey and the widespread flooding in Houston, Sgt. Steve Perez of the Houston Police Depart-ment drowned after his patrol car got stuck on a flooded road. His death could have been prevented if first responders were given proper materials and training on how to manage crisis situations in rising flood water. Currently, we fail to provide proper training for catastrophic flood events that would ensure greater safety of both citizens and first re-sponders. Programs and materials need to be created in order to train our responders in handling wide-spread flooding that simulate dangerous situations that could be encountered in their day-to-day life. Over the past three years, Houston has ex-perienced record-breaking flooding. If first re-sponders were provided with proper tools and trainings in handling rescues in these condi-tions, we would see less of loss of life among both citizens and responders. The most chaotic times for first responders are in response to natural disasters, and it is important to ensure that our nation is pro-tected when we are the most vulnerable. During Hurricane Harvey and the flooding that followed, if there were to have been a homeland security incident, Texas would have been left susceptible due to the chaos sur-rounding our first responders. It is important to equip our first responders with every opportunity for training in homeland security to ensure that in times of natural dis-aster such as Hurricane Harvey and the flood-ing across Southeast Texas, they are pre-pared to handle any situation they may face, with the smallest amount of lives lost as pos-sible. The bill would produce an annual catalog with training opportunities and other services available to state, local, and tribal law enforce-ment agencies, which I wish to ensure ad-dress catastrophic flood events. The department’s Office for State and Local Law Enforcement would have to publish the catalogs on the DHS website within 30 days of production and distribute them through the Homeland Security Information Network (HSIN). Sharing the catalog on the HSIN would allow the office to reach as many stakeholders as possible. Through this catalog, local law enforcement agencies would be able to ensure their first re-sponders are aware of training programs over counterterrorism and homeland security. It is vital to provide these resources to local law enforcement agencies in order to ensure they are aware of opportunities for their first responders, so they are trained to protect the United States and its citizens when it is most vulnerable. I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 2427. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GALLAGHER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2427, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
HOMELAND THREAT ASSESSMENT ACT Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2470) to require an annual homeland threat assessment, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2470 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Homeland Threat Assessment Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ANNUAL HOMELAND THREAT ASSESS-MENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of title II of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 121 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 210G. HOMELAND THREAT ASSESSMENTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion and for each of the next five fiscal years (beginning in the fiscal year that begins after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion) the Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Anal-ysis, and using departmental information, including component information, and infor-mation provided through State and major urban area fusion centers, shall conduct an assessment of the terrorist threat to the homeland. ‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each assessment under subsection (a) shall include the following: ‘‘(1) Empirical data assessing terrorist ac-tivities and incidents over time in the United States, including terrorist activities and incidents planned or supported by per-sons outside of the United States targeting the homeland. ‘‘(2) An evaluation of current terrorist tac-tics, as well as ongoing and possible future changes in terrorist tactics. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.021 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7238 September 12, 2017 
‘‘(3) An assessment of criminal activity en-countered or observed by officers or employ-ees of components in the field which is sus-pected of financing terrorist activity. ‘‘(4) Detailed information on all individ-uals denied entry to or removed from the United States as a result of material support provided to a foreign terrorist organization (as such term is used in section 219 of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189)). ‘‘(5) The efficacy and spread of foreign ter-rorist organization propaganda, messaging, or recruitment. ‘‘(6) An assessment of threats, including cyber threats, to the homeland, including to critical infrastructure and Federal civilian networks. ‘‘(7) An assessment of current and poten-tial terrorism and criminal threats posed by individuals and organized groups seeking to unlawfully enter the United States. ‘‘(8) An assessment of threats to the trans-portation sector, including surface and avia-tion transportation systems. ‘‘(c) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION .—The assess-ments required under subsection (a)— ‘‘(1) shall, to the extent practicable, utilize existing component data collected from the field; and ‘‘(2) may incorporate relevant information and analysis from other agencies of the Fed-eral Government, agencies of State and local governments (including law enforcement agencies), as well as the private sector, dis-seminated in accordance with standard infor-mation sharing procedures and policies. ‘‘(d) F
ORM.—The assessments required under subsection (a) shall be shared with the appropriate congressional committees and submitted in classified form, but— ‘‘(1) shall include unclassified summaries; and ‘‘(2) may include unclassified annexes, if appropriate.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (d) of section 201 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 121) is amended by add-ing at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(27) To carry out section 210G (relating to homeland threat assessments).’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 210F the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 210G. Homeland threat assessments.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ALLAGHER ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Wisconsin? There was no objection. Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to speak in favor of this bill on behalf of Congress-man M
IKEROGERS . He is dealing with the aftereffects of Hurricane Irma, which is the tropical storm affecting his district. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2470 received bipar-tisan support during consideration by the Subcommittee on Counterterror-ism and Intelligence in May, and was included in the Department of Home-land Security authorization bill, which passed the floor in July. H.R. 2470 requires the Department of Homeland Security to release an an-nual comprehensive homeland security threat assessment. This will provide a common threat picture across the De-partment and for Federal, State, and local partners. This week, we are recognizing 16 years after the horrific events of 9/11. Sixteen years later, our ability to ac-curately identify and evaluate threats to the homeland remains stunted, in many ways. Though talented professionals across Federal agencies and at the State and local level are hard at work gathering and analyzing threat information, there is still not a formalized process that evaluates homeland threats in a meaningful and comprehensive way. The assessment in this bill requires DHS to incorporate and analyze De-partmental data in a strategic picture. By relying on information provided by the on-the-ground professionals, in-cluding State and local police and the Department’s operational component, this threat assessment will be a unique contribution to the intelligence com-munity, policymakers, and other stakeholders. By requiring the Department to con-sider specific cyber, transportation, and border security threats, in addition to traditional terrorism threats, H.R. 2470 ensures that DHS will focus on critical mission areas where it can pro-vide real value. Additionally, the threat assessment required by H.R. 2470 can inform the Department’s budgeting and planning by clarifying the nature and scale of the threats DHS was created to counter. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to pass H.R. 2470, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2470, the Homeland Threat Assessment Act of 2017. Mr. Speaker, since the attacks of September 11, 2001, which claimed the lives of over 3,000 innocent people, the terrorist threat has metastasized and is decentralized. That was how then- DHS Secretary John Kelly described it in April. He went on to warn that ‘‘the risk is as threatening today as it was that September morning almost 16 years ago.’’ Whereas, in 2001, there was a central-ized, well-funded terrorist organization planning and carrying out major at-tacks, today the landscape is a patch-work of small cells and lone wolves eager to embrace violence in further-ance of their terrorist ideology. Today, we consider H.R. 2470 a bill that requires DHS to conduct an as-sessment of the terrorist threat to the homeland on an annual basis. The fac-tors to be considered include: data on terrorist incidents and activity in the U.S.; current and potential future ter-rorist tactics; cyber threats, particu-larly those to critical infrastructure and Federal IT networks; threats to surface and aviation transportation; and the efficacy of foreign terrorist propaganda. In my district, these threats are an everyday reality for the Port of Los Angeles, which has the largest con-tainer volume in the country and faces threats to their shipping, cybersecu-rity, and infrastructure. This bill will help DHS assess those threats and pro-vide the right response after an inci-dent. We learned from the September 11 at-tacks about the importance of recog-nizing and analyzing the ever-evolving terrorist threat landscape. This annual assessment will ensure that DHS com-prehensively examines all forms of ter-rorism and extremism that could dam-age the homeland today so that, as a nation, we can be vigilant. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I want to again express my support for this bill and highlight a particular provision that seeks to strengthen interagency collaboration on examining the threat. The provision requires DHS’ Office of Intelligence and Analysis to continue working with fusion centers, which are the focal points for sharing threat-re-lated information between Federal, State, local, and private sector part-ners. DHS must continue to address and improve the Nation’s fusion centers’ capabilities in gathering, analyzing, and sharing threat-related information between partners on every level. I thank the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. ROGERS ) for sponsoring this legis-lation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to sup-port H.R. 2470, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the following exchange of letters: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , PER-
MANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON IN-
TELLIGENCE , Washington, DC, September 8, 2017. Hon. M
ICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, House Committee on Homeland Secu-rity, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN MCCAUL: I understand H R. 2453, 2468, and 2470 are slated for consider-ation on the suspension calendar next week. All three bills amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make certain improvements in the laws administered by the Secretary of Homeland Security by requiring the Sec-retary, acting through the Chief Intelligence Officer of the Department, to perform spe-cific intelligence-related functions. All three bills are virtually identical to specific provi-sions contained in H.R. 2825, the House- passed ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Authorization Act of 2017’’ for which I wrote to you about on June 27, 2017. Accordingly, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE7.014 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7239 September 12, 2017 
since H.R. 2453, 2468, and 2470 implicate Na-tional Intelligence Program (NIP)-funded ac-tivities, I expect that they would be sequen-tially referred to the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence (the Committee). As discussed in previous correspondence re-garding H.R. 2825, we signed a Memorandum Regarding Authorization of the Department of Homeland Security and exchanged letters on January 11, 2017 (January 2017 Exchange of Letter), to clarify the Committee’s exclu-sive jurisdiction over NIP-funded elements of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS). The January 2017 Exchange of Letters affirmed that, consistent with the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Intel-ligence Authorization Act (IAA) is the vehi-cle that through which Congress authorizes annual appropriations for the NIP, including NIP-funded elements of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS). Moreover, those letters made explicit that the Committee on Homeland Security would not report to the House any bill that authorizes any elements of DHS funded through the NIP, and that if any such bill is reported by the Committee on Homeland Security, this Committee will request a sequential referral of the bill. In order to expedite the House’s consider-ation of H.R. 2453, 2468, and 2470, the Com-mittee will forego consideration of all three measures. This courtesy, is however, condi-tioned on our mutual understanding and agreement that it will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee with respect to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matter contained in these bills or any similar measure. It is also condi-tioned on the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity’s adherence to the agreement embodied in the January 2017 Exchange of Letters. I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding and would request that you include in the C
ON-
GRESSIONAL RECORD during floor consider-ation of all three bills, a copy of this letter, your response, and the January 2017 Ex-change of Letters, including the Memo-randum. Thank you for your cooperation in this matter, Best Regards, D
EVIN NUNES , Chairman. Enclosure. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, January 11, 2017. Hon. D
EVIN NUNES , Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, U.S. Capitol, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN NUNES : Thank you for your letter supporting the Committee on Homeland Security’s plans to conduct a com-prehensive reauthorization of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security (‘‘the Depart-ment’’) in the 115th Congress, as expressed in the 2017 ‘‘Memorandum Regarding Author-ization of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity.’’ I appreciate your willingness to help en-sure the Department is fully authorized, and recognize that there may be areas of juris-dictional interest to the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence (‘‘Intelligence Committee’’) in such an authorization. Rule X(j)(3) of the House of Representatives grants the Committee on Homeland Security jurisdiction over the ‘‘functions of the De-partment of Homeland Security,’’ including those functions related to the ‘‘integration, analysis, and dissemination of homeland se-curity information,’’ while Rule X(11)(b)(1) grants the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence jurisdiction over ‘‘proposed leg-islation . . . relating to . . . the National In-telligence Program as defined in Section 3(6) of the National Security Act’’ and ‘‘[a]uthorizations for appropriations, both di-rect and indirect, for . . . the National Intel-ligence Program as defined in Section 3(6) of the National Security Act;’’ The Committee on Homeland Security does not intend to authorize any elements of the Department that are funded through the National Intelligence Program (‘‘NIP’’) as part of the Department authorization bill it reports to the House this Congress, although we both agree that the reported bill may in-clude Department-wide provisions that could affect Department elements that happen to receive funding through the NIP. Accord-ingly, I will oppose as nongermaine any amendments which may be offered in my committee’s markup related to the NIP- funded elements of the Department. I further agree to consult you before taking any ac-tion on similar amendments which may be offered during consideration of the bill by the full House. In the interest of ensuring the most robust Department authorization possible, we fur-ther agree that you may offer an amendment during consideration of the bill in the full House. That amendment will contain the text of any legislative provisions related to the NIP-funded elements of DHS previously reported by the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence. If the Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence has not re-ported any provisions related to the NIP- funded elements of DHS, you will not offer an amendment. Understanding, however, that both of our committees have a jurisdic-tional interest in the Department’s Office of Intelligence and Analysis, we agree to work together to ensure that the Office receives the most effective congressional guidance. Finally, I reiterate my intention that nothing included in the 2017 ‘‘Memorandum Regarding Authorization of the Department of Homeland Security’’ alters the jurisdic-tion of either the Committee on Homeland Security or the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence. The Committee on Homeland Security appreciates the past suc-cess we have enjoyed working with the Intel-ligence Committee. I am grateful for your support and look forward to continuing to work together toward our mutual goal of en-suring that the Department and its compo-nents are authorized on a regular basis. Sincerely, MICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , PER-
MANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON IN-
TELLIGENCE , Washington, DC, September 8, 2017. Hon. M
ICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN MCCAUL: I understand H.R. 2453, 2468, and 2470 are slated for consider-ation on the suspension calendar next week. All three bills amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make certain improvements in the laws administered by the Secretary of Homeland Security by requiring the Sec-retary, acting through the Chief Intelligence Officer of the Department, to perform spe-cific intelligence-related functions. All three bills are virtually identical to specific provi-sions contained in H.R. 2825, the House- passed ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Authorization Act of 2017’’ for which I wrote to you about on June 27, 2017. Accordingly, since H.R. 2453, 2468, and 2470 implicate Na-tional Intelligence Program (NIP)-funded ac-tivities, I expect that they would be sequen-tially referred to the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence (the Committee). As discussed in previous correspondence re-garding H.R. 2825, we signed a Memorandum Regarding Authorization of the Department of Homeland Security and exchanged letters on January 11, 2017 (January 2017 Exchange of Letter), to clarify the Committee’s exclu-sive jurisdiction over NIP-funded elements of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS). The January 2017 Exchange of Letters affirmed that, consistent with the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Intel-ligence Authorization Act (IAA) is the vehi-cle that through which Congress authorizes annual appropriations for the NIP, including NIP-funded elements of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS). Moreover, those letters made explicit that the Committee on Homeland Security would not report to the House any bill that authorizes any elements of DHS funded through the NIP, and that if any such bill is reported by the Committee on Homeland Security, this Committee will request a sequential referral of the bill. In order to expedite the House’s consider-ation of H.R. 2453, 2468, and 2470, the Com-mittee will forego consideration of all three measures. This courtesy, is however, condi-tioned on our mutual understanding and agreement that it will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee with respect to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matter contained in these bills or any similar measure. It is also condi-tioned on the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity’s adherence to the agreement embodied in the January 2017 Exchange of Letters. I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding and would request that you include in the Con-gressional Record during floor consideration of all three bills, a copy of this letter, your response, and the January 2017 Exchange of Letters, including the Memorandum. Thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Best Regards, DEVIN NUNES , Chairman. Enclosure. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, January 11, 2017. Hon. D
EVIN NUNES , Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN NUNES : Thank you for your letter supporting the Committee on Homeland Security’s plans to conduct a com-prehensive reauthorization of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security (‘‘the Depart-ment’’) in the 115th Congress, as expressed in the 2017 ‘‘Memorandum Regarding Author-ization of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity.’’ I appreciate your willingness to help en-sure the Department is fully authorized, and recognize that there may be areas of juris-dictional interest to the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence (‘‘Intelligence Committee’’) in such an authorization. Rule X(j)(3) of the House of Representatives grants the Committee on Homeland Security jurisdiction over the ‘‘functions of the De-partment of Homeland Security,’’ including those functions related to the ‘‘integration, analysis, and dissemination of homeland se-curity information,’’ while Rule X(11)(b)(1) grants the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence jurisdiction over ‘‘proposed leg-islation . . . relating to . . . the National In-telligence Program as defined in Section 3(6) of the National Security Act’’ and ‘‘[a]uthorizations for appropriations, both di-rect and indirect, for . . . the National Intel-ligence Program as defined in Section 3(6) of the National Security Act;’’ The Committee on Homeland Security does not intend to authorize any elements of the Department that are funded through the National Intelligence Program (‘‘NIP’’) as part of the Department authorization bill it reports to the House this Congress, although 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE7.016 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7240 September 12, 2017 
we both agree that the reported bill may in-clude Department-wide provisions that could affect Department elements that happen to receive funding through the NIP. Accord-ingly, I will oppose as nongermane any amendments which may be offered in my committee’s markup related to the NIP- funded elements of the Department. I further agree to consult you before taking any ac-tion on similar amendments which may be offered during consideration of the bill by the full House. In the interest of ensuring the most robust Department authorization possible, we fur-ther agree that you may offer an amendment during consideration of the bill in the full House. That amendment will contain the text of any legislative provisions related to the NIP-funded elements of DHS previously reported by the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence. If the Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence has not re-ported any provisions related to the NIP- funded elements of DHS, you will not offer an amendment, Understanding, however, that both of our committees have a jurisdic-tional interest in the Department’s Office of Intelligence and Analysis, we agree to work together to ensure that the Office receives the most effective congressional guidance. Finally, I reiterate my intention that nothing included in the 2017 ‘‘Memorandum Regarding Authorization of the Department of Homeland Security’’ alters the jurisdic-tion of either the Committee on Homeland Security or the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence. The Committee on Homeland Security appreciates the past suc-cess we have enjoyed working with the Intel-ligence Committee. I am grateful for your support and look forward to continuing to work together toward our mutual goal of en-suring that the Department and its compo-nents are authorized on a regular basis. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , PER-
MANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON IN-
TELLIGENCE , Washington, DC, January 11, 2017. Hon. M
ICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: In accordance with paragraph 10 of the January 2017 ‘‘Memorandum Regarding Authorization of the Department of Homeland Security,’’ I write to confirm our mutual understanding of the procedure through which the House will authorize the elements of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security (DHS) funded through the National Intelligence Program (NIP). I appreciate your dedication to producing a comprehensive reauthorization of DHS that will improve congressional oversight of the Department. As you know, Rule X(11)(b)(1) of the House of Representatives grants the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence sole jurisdiction over ‘‘proposed legislation . . . relating to . . . the National Intel-ligence Program as defined in Section 3(6) of the National Security Act’’ and [a]uthorizations for appropriations, both di-rect and indirect, for . . . the National Intel-ligence Program as defined in Section 3(6) of the National Security Act;’’ and Rule X(j)(3) of the House of Representatives grants the Committee on Homeland Security jurisdic-tion over the ‘‘functions of the Department of Homeland Security,’’ including those functions related to the ‘‘integration, anal-ysis, and dissemination of homeland security information.’’ As you also know, the Intelligence Author-ization Act (IAA) is the annual vehicle through which Congress authorizes appro-priations for the NIP, including for elements of DHS that receive funding through the NIP. The IAA includes a classified schedule of authorizations, incorporated into the stat-ute by reference, and direction and rec-ommendations in a classified annex to the report of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. Nothing in the January 2017 ‘‘Memorandum Regarding Authorization of the Department of Homeland Security,’’ shall be construed to grant the Committee on Homeland Security jurisdiction over pro-posed legislation relating to the NIP or au-thorizations for appropriations for the NIP. In keeping with these principles, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security will not report to the House any bill that authorizes any elements of DHS funded through the NIP. If any such bill is reported by the Committee on Homeland Security, the Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence will request a sequential referral of the bill. Under-standing, however, that both of our commit-tees have a jurisdictional interest in the De-partment’s Office of Intelligence and Anal-ysis, we agree to work together to ensure that the Office receives the most effective congressional guidance. We further agree that if the Committee on Homeland Security reports a DHS-wide au-thorization bill to the House, I may offer an amendment during consideration of the bill in the full House. That amendment will con-tain the text of any legislative provisions re-lated to the NIP-funded elements of DHS previously reported by the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. If the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence has not re-ported any provisions related to the NIP- funded elements of DHS, I will not offer an amendment, and the DHS-wide authorization bill will not contain any provisions related to the NIP-funded elements of DHS. We fur-ther agree that you will oppose as non-germane all amendments related to the NIP- funded elements of DHS in markup in the Committee on Homeland Security. If any amendments related to the NIP-funded ele-ments of DHS are subsequently offered dur-ing consideration by the full House, you agree to consult with me before taking ac-tion. Finally, we agree that you will support the appointment of the Chairman and Ranking Member of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence to any committee of con-ference on a DHS-wide authorization bill that includes any provisions related to the NIP-funded elements of DHS. In accordance with Rule X(11)(b)(2) this un-derstanding does not preclude either the Committee on Homeland Security or the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence from authorizing other intelligence and in-telligence-related activities of DHS, includ-ing, but not limited to, the Homeland Secu-rity Intelligence Program. In keeping with paragraph 5 of the January 2017 ‘‘Memo-randum Regarding Authorization of the De-partment of Homeland Security,’’ our com-mittees will work jointly to vet and clear any provisions of a DHS authorization bill related to these other intelligence and intel-ligence-related activities of DHS. Further-more, I hope the staff of our committees can continue to closely and expeditiously to con-duct rigorous oversight of intelligence ac-tivities throughout DHS. The understanding detailed by this letter is limited to the 115th Congress. It shall not constitute an understanding between our committees in any subsequent congress. I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding. I look forward to working with you to continue congressional oversight of DHS intelligence activities, and I thank you in advance for your cooperation. Sincerely, DEVIN NUNES , Chairman. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-ior member of the House Committee on Homeland Security, I rise in support of H.R. 2470, Homeland Threat Assessment Act. This bipartisan bill the Homeland Security Department (DHS) would conduct annual ter-rorist threat assessments for the next five years using information from DHS offices and fusion centers. The assessment under this measure would include: 1. Empirical data assessing terrorist activi-ties and incidents over time in the United States, including terrorist activities and inci-dents planned or supported by persons out-side of the United States targeting the home-land; 2. An evaluation of current terrorist tactics, as well as ongoing and possible future changes in terrorist tactics; 3. An assessment of criminal activity en-countered or observed by officers or employ-ees of components in the field which is sus-pected of financing terrorist activity; and 4. Detailed information on all individuals de-nied entry to or removed from the United States as a result of material support provided to a foreign terrorist organization (as such term is used in section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189)); 5. The efficacy and spread of foreign ter-rorist organization propaganda, messaging, or recruitment; 6. An assessment of threats, including cyber threats, to the homeland, including to critical infrastructure and Federal civilian networks; 7. An assessment of current and potential terrorism and criminal threats posed by indi-viduals and organized groups seeking to un-lawfully enter the United States; and 8. An assessment of threats to the transpor-tation sector, including surface and aviation transportation systems. During natural disasters such as Hurricane Harvey and Hurricane Irma, the United States is vulnerable to terror attacks due to the lack of first responders available. It is important to ensure our first responders and local law enforcement agencies are aware of the terror threats that would be reported in each assessment in order to provide contin-ued support, especially during vulnerable situ-ations such as Hurricane Harvey and the Southeast Texas floods. The most chaotic times for first responders are in response to natural disasters and it is important to ensure that our nation is pro-tected when we are the most susceptible. During Hurricane Harvey and the flooding that followed, if there had been a homeland security incident, Texas would have been left vulnerable due to the chaos surrounding our first responders. It is important to equip our first responders and local law enforcement agencies with these assessments in order to offer greater protec-tion and heightened security during vulnerable situations such as natural disasters. Additionally the assessment may incor-porate relevant information and analysis from other agencies of the Federal Government, agencies of State and local governments (in-cluding law enforcement agencies), as well as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12SE7.019 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7241 September 12, 2017 
the private sector, disseminated in accordance with standard information sharing procedures and policies. Fusion centers were established administra-tively after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks to serve as focal points at the state and local lev-els to receive, analyze, and share threat-re-lated information with the federal government and the private sector. The assessments would have to utilize data collected from the field and could incorporate relevant information from other government agencies and the private sector. During recovery efforts for incidents such as Hurricane Harvey, having terrorist threat as-sessments would be valuable in keeping vul-nerable citizens secure. I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 2470. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ALLAGHER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2470. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b1245 UNIFYING DHS INTELLIGENCE ENTERPRISE ACT Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2468) to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to establish a home-land intelligence doctrine for the De-partment of Homeland Security, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2468 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Unifying DHS Intelligence Enterprise Act’’. 
SEC. 2. HOMELAND INTELLIGENCE DOCTRINE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of title II of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 121 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 210G. HOMELAND INTELLIGENCE DOC-TRINE. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion, the Secretary, acting through the Chief Intelligence Officer of the Department, in co-ordination with intelligence components of the Department, the Office of the General Counsel, the Privacy Office, and the Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties, shall de-velop and disseminate written Department- wide guidance for the processing, analysis, production, and dissemination of homeland security information (as such term is defined in section 892) and terrorism information (as such term is defined in section 1016 of the In-telligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (6 U.S.C. 485)). ‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—The guidance required under subsection (a) shall, at a minimum, in-clude the following: ‘‘(1) A description of guiding principles and purposes of the Department’s intelligence enterprise. ‘‘(2) A summary of the roles and respon-sibilities of each intelligence component of the Department and programs of the intel-ligence components of the Department in the processing, analysis, production, or dissemi-nation of homeland security information and terrorism information, including relevant authorities and restrictions applicable to each intelligence component of the Depart-ment and programs of each such intelligence component. ‘‘(3) Guidance for the processing, analysis, and production of such information. ‘‘(4) Guidance for the dissemination of such information, including within the Depart-ment, among and between Federal depart-ments and agencies, among and between State, local, tribal, and territorial govern-ments, including law enforcement, and with foreign partners and the private sector. ‘‘(5) An assessment and description of how the dissemination to the intelligence com-munity (as such term is defined in section 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4))) and Federal law enforcement of homeland security information and ter-rorism information assists such entities in carrying out their respective missions. ‘‘(c) FORM.—The guidance required under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassi-fied form, but may include a classified annex. ‘‘(d) A
NNUAL REVIEW .—For each of the five fiscal years beginning with the fiscal year that begins after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary shall conduct a review of the guidance required under sub-section (a) and, as appropriate, revise such guidance.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 210F the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 210G. Homeland intelligence doc-trine.’’. 
SEC. 3. ANALYSTS FOR THE CHIEF INTEL-LIGENCE OFFICER. 
Paragraph (1) of section 201(e) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 121(e)) is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘The Secretary shall also pro-vide the Chief Intelligence Officer with a staff having appropriate expertise and expe-rience to assist the Chief Intelligence Offi-cer.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ERRY ) and the gen-tlewoman from New York (Miss R
ICE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, 16 years ago, an unprec-edented attack against the United States revealed immense gaps in how the United States approached domestic security and information sharing. As a result, the Department of Homeland Security was established to consolidate 22 existing Federal agencies and re-shape the domestic intelligence and counterterrorism structure in the United States. Over the years, DHS has matured and refined its Intelligence Enterprise, or what we know as DHS IE. Even now, however, the Department has struggled to fully unify the various intelligence offices within the component agencies. This has limited the value DHS pro-vides to the intelligence community and its State and local partners. Dis-parate guidance for the intelligence components within DHS undermines the Department’s ability to fully uti-lize important data and conduct anal-ysis. DHS needs to follow the model of many other members of the intel-ligence community and produce an in-telligence doctrine that clearly articu-lates roles and priorities across the DHS Intelligence Enterprise. The lack of this internal structure reflects a painful legacy from the pre-9/11 era in which bureaucracies operated as silos and were poorly coordinated. H.R. 2468 empowers DHS to address this continued failure. By requiring the Department to produce guidance to all its components on the processing, anal-ysis, production, and dissemination of information and intelligence, this bill helps to professionalize the DHS Intel-ligence Enterprise. Such a doctrine will guide how operational information from across DHS is incorporated into a wider strategic Homeland Security pic-ture. This will increase the use of De-partment-specific information in its analytic products and processes. H.R. 2468 also takes another step in strengthening the Department’s Intel-ligence Enterprise by formalizing the Department’s existing support for the DHS Chief Intelligence Officer, or the CINT. Though the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis, or the I&A, serves as the Department’s Chief Intel-ligence Officer, these two roles carry different statutory authorities and dis-tinct missions. Therefore, Congress should support both functions by authorizing staff support for the CINT. H.R. 2468 does not authorize new hiring but, rather, reauthorizes the Department’s existing staff assignment and, most impor-tantly, makes those assignments per-manent. It is now time to hold the Depart-ment accountable for developing a common foundation among members of the Department’s Intelligence Enter-prise. By requiring DHS to produce these guidelines and by ensuring the Department’s leadership is properly and reliably supported, H.R. 2468 helps us to work to fulfill the promises made to the American people 16 years ago: Never again. I am very pleased the text of H.R. 2468 was included in the larger DHS au-thorization bill, which passed this very House in July. I urge my colleagues to support the standalone measure to im-prove the quality of DHS’ analytical 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE7.029 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7242 September 12, 2017 
products and help the Department bet-ter serve the intelligence community and its State and local partners. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2468, the Unifying DHS Intelligence En-terprise Act of 2017, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this measure seeks to help safeguard our Nation’s homeland security information. Specifically, it requires the Department of Homeland Security to develop and distribute De-partmentwide guidance on the proper procedures for handling and sharing in-formation related to homeland security and terrorism. The 9/11 Commission Report found that the U.S. Government did not fully share or pool intelligence information prior to the attacks. In response, poli-cies and procedures were reformed at all levels to ensure that critical na-tional security information is properly shared. Intelligence sharing is critical to ter-rorism prevention, but it must be car-ried out in a manner that ensures that sensitive information is properly han-dled and distributed. H.R. 2468 seeks to do just that. The bill requires the establishment of rules and regulations for the dissemi-nation of such information both within DHS and with homeland security stakeholders at the State and local lev-els as well as in the private sector. I urge my House colleagues to sup-port this bipartisan legislation. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2468 has strong support on both sides of the aisle. Ef-fective security measures to improve our intelligence systems and mecha-nisms are critical to the mission of protecting the homeland. I thank the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. P
ERRY ) for his work on this important legislation, and I encourage my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2468, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ERRY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2468, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
HOMELAND SECURITY ASSESS-MENT OF TERRORISTS USE OF VIRTUAL CURRENCIES ACT Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2433) to direct the Under Sec-retary of Homeland Security for Intel-ligence and Analysis to develop and disseminate a threat assessment re-garding terrorist use of virtual cur-rency. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 2433 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Homeland Security Assessment of Terrorists Use of Virtual Currencies Act’’. 
SEC. 2. THREAT ASSESSMENT ON TERRORIST USE OF VIRTUAL CURRENCY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Homeland Security for Intelligence and Analysis, as authorized by section 201(b)(1) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 121), shall, in coordina-tion with appropriate Federal partners, de-velop and disseminate a threat assessment regarding the actual and potential threat posed by individuals using virtual currency to carry out activities in furtherance of an act of terrorism, including the provision of material support or resources to a foreign terrorist organization. Consistent with the protection of classified and confidential un-classified information, the Under Secretary shall share the threat assessment developed under this section with State, local, and tribal law enforcement officials, including officials that operate within State, local, and regional fusion centers through the Depart-ment of Homeland Security State, Local, and Regional Fusion Center Initiative estab-lished in section 210A of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 124h). (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘foreign terrorist organiza-tion’’ means an organization designated as a foreign terrorist organization under section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189). (2) The term ‘‘virtual currency’’ means a digital representation of value that func-tions as a medium of exchange, a unit of ac-count, or a store of value. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ERRY ) and the gen-tlewoman from New York (Miss R
ICE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Homeland Security Assessment of Terrorists Use of Virtual Currencies Act introduced by the gen-tlewoman from New York (Miss R
ICE) is an important measure targeting new ways terrorists may be raising or transferring funds through the use of virtual currencies. The bill directs the DHS Under Sec-retary for Intelligence and Analysis, in coordination with Federal partners, to develop and disseminate a threat as-sessment regarding the actual and po-tential threat posed by individuals using virtual currency to carry out ac-tivities in furtherance of an act of ter-rorism, including the provision of ma-terial support or resources to a foreign terrorist organization. It also directs the Under Secretary to share this threat assessment with State, local, and Tribal law enforcement officials through the National Network of Fu-sion Centers. As the threat of terrorism evolves, so do the methods to finance and support the actors who plot to attack the United States. The Federal Govern-ment must evolve as well to meet these novel and technologically-based chal-lenges. This bill positions the Depart-ment to detect the new digital-based methods in terrorist financing and sup-port methods that have already been utilized and to prepare for those that are soon to follow. This measure was considered by the Subcommittee on Counterterrorism and Intelligence and included in the Committee on Homeland Security’s DHS authorization bill, which passed this very House in July. I want to take time to thank the gen-tlewoman for her work and for her dili-gence on this issue, and I urge my col-leagues to support her bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my legislation, H.R. 2433, the Homeland Security Assessment of Terrorists Use of Virtual Currencies Act. Yesterday marked 16 years since the September 11 attacks when 19 terror-ists hijacked four passenger planes, two of which struck the World Trade Center towers in my home State of New York. In the 16 years since the deadliest terrorist attack in American history, the United States has led the global campaign to combat terrorism, thwart-ing plots and preventing attacks on American soil, identifying and dis-rupting terrorist networks around the world, hunting down terrorists wher-ever they hide, and proving that they can and will be brought to justice. We know that the threat of terrorism is not the same as it was 16 years ago. It is a threat that constantly evolves, and we need to evolve ahead of it. That is why I introduced H.R. 2433. In recent years, we have seen in-stances in which members of some ter-rorist groups have turned to virtual currencies to support themselves and fund their operations. Last year, the Foundation for Defense of Democracies investigated a terrorist funding cam-paign in which a terrorist group in the Gaza Strip received donations to the virtual currency bitcoin. Earlier this year, Indonesian authorities reported that a Syria-based Indonesian with ties 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.026 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7243 September 12, 2017 
to ISIL used virtual currency to fund attacks in Indonesia. Virtual currencies offer high-speed and low-cost networks and access to users all over the world, which creates significant potential appeal to terror-ists, particularly lone-wolf attackers because of the nominal cost often asso-ciated with carrying out that type of attack. Research suggests that terrorists’ use of virtual currencies have so far been limited to a handful of instances, two of which I have mentioned. But with groups like ISIL becoming more tech-nologically sophisticated and virtual currencies becoming more widely ac-cessible, the table is set for this threat to grow significantly in a very short time. That is why it is critical that we act now to assess and understand this emerging threat. My bill requires DHS’ Office of Intel-ligence and Analysis to develop and disseminate a threat assessment of the use of virtual currencies to support ter-rorist activities. Further, to ensure that this information is shared throughout the law enforcement com-munity, my bill requires the assess-ment to be shared with State, local, and Tribal law enforcement, including those offices that operate within State, local, and regional fusion centers. Enacting this bill will give counter-terrorism and law enforcement offi-cials at all levels the information they need to evolve ahead of this threat and help keep Americans safe. I urge my House colleagues to support my bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, my friend from New York has done an excellent job in outlining, explaining, and articu-lating her legislation; therefore, I have no other speakers. If the gentlewoman from New York (Miss R
ICE), has no other speakers, I reserve the balance of my time to close. Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2433 is an impor-tant piece of legislation that received overwhelming bipartisan support in the Committee on Homeland Security. En-actment of H.R. 2433 will ensure that the Department of Homeland Security closely monitors this evolving threat so that we are prepared to prevent ter-rorists from using virtual currencies to finance attacks on the U.S. and around the world. I encourage my colleagues to support my legislation, H.R. 2433. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support a good, well thought-out, meaningful, and useful bill, H.R. 2433. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ERRY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2433. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-CURITY DATA FRAMEWORK ACT OF 2017 Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2454) to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish a data framework to provide access for appro-priate personnel to law enforcement and other information of the Depart-ment, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2454 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Data Framework Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY DATA FRAMEWORK. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall develop a data frame-work to integrate existing Department of Homeland Security datasets and systems, as appropriate, for access by authorized per-sonnel in a manner consistent with relevant legal authorities and privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties policies and protections. In developing such framework, the Secretary shall ensure, in accordance with all applica-ble statutory and regulatory requirements, the following information is included: (1) All information acquired, held, or ob-tained by an office or component of the De-partment that falls within the scope of the information sharing environment, including homeland security information, terrorism information, weapons of mass destruction in-formation, and national intelligence. (2) Any information or intelligence rel-evant to priority mission needs and capa-bility requirements of the homeland security enterprise, as determined appropriate by the Secretary. (b) D
ATAFRAMEWORK ACCESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall ensure that the data framework required under this section is ac-cessible to employees of the Department of Homeland Security who the Secretary deter-mines— (A) have an appropriate security clearance; (B) are assigned to perform a function that requires access to information in such framework; and (C) are trained in applicable standards for safeguarding and using such information. (2) G
UIDANCE .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall— (A) issue guidance for Department of Homeland Security employees authorized to access and contribute to the data framework pursuant to paragraph (1); and (B) ensure that such guidance enforces a duty to share between offices and compo-nents of the Department when accessing or contributing to such framework for mission needs. (3) E
FFICIENCY .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall promulgate data stand-ards and instruct components of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to make avail-able information through the data frame-work under this section in a machine-read-able format, to the greatest extent prac-ticable. (c) EXCLUSION OF INFORMATION .—The Sec- retary of Homeland Security may exclude from the data framework information that the Secretary determines access to or the confirmation of the existence of could— (1) jeopardize the protection of sources, methods, or activities; (2) compromise a criminal or national se-curity investigation; (3) be inconsistent with the other Federal laws or regulations; or (4) be duplicative or not serve an oper-ational purpose if included in such frame-work. (d) S
AFEGUARDS .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall incorporate into the data framework systems capabilities for auditing and ensuring the security of information in-cluded in such framework. Such capabilities shall include the following: (1) Mechanisms for identifying insider threats. (2) Mechanisms for identifying security risks. (3) Safeguards for privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties. (e) D
EADLINE FOR IMPLEMENTATION .—Not later than two years after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of Home-land Security shall ensure the data frame-work required under this section has the ability to include appropriate information in existence within the Department of Home-land Security to meet its critical mission op-erations. (f) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .— (1) O
PERATIONAL NOTIFICATION .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the data framework required under this section is fully operational, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall provide notice to the appro-priate congressional committees of such. (2) R
EGULAR STATUS .—The Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees regular updates on the status of the data framework required under this sec-tion, including, when applicable, the use of such data framework to support classified operations. (g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committee’’ in section 2(2) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101(2)). (2) N
ATIONAL INTELLIGENCE .—The term ‘‘na-tional intelligence’’ has the meaning given such term in section 3(5) of the National Se-curity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(5)). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD) and the gentlewoman from New York (Miss R
ICE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. b1300 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Sixteen years after the 9/11 attacks by al-Qaida terrorists on our homeland, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.028 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7244 September 12, 2017 
most Americans would be dismayed that information-sharing stovepipes still exist. While information sharing since that fateful day has improved dramatically, we still have work to do at the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. When the DHS was created, 22 component agen-cies were brought together with dif-ferent missions, databases, and legal authorities. The DHS personnel have to deal with a costly, cumbersome process to search and vet information against a large number of databases, using different logins, passwords, and legal restric-tions. The DHS data framework was de-signed to bring together these vital DHS datasets, including travel and cargo information, investigative data, and critical infrastructure data, among others. The other important element of the framework is the replication of the platform on a classified network to allow classified analysis and vetting of law enforcement data against intel-ligence information. Given the importance of the Data Framework Initiative, the need to weigh security versus civil liberties, as well as the Federal Government’s his-tory of delays and cost overruns on IT projects, it is critical that this pro-gram receive congressional oversight. This bill provides the first authoriza-tion for the data framework, mandates privacy and security safeguards, as well as training for Department per-sonnel with access to the system. In addition to the personnel training and privacy safeguards, this bill also requires the Secretary to ensure infor-mation in the framework is both pro-tected and audible. I was pleased that the Committee on Homeland Security included this bill in the DHS authorization bill, which passed the floor in July, and I urge my colleagues to again support this meas-ure. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2454, the Department of Homeland Se-curity Data Framework Act of 2017. Mr. Speaker, the Department of Homeland Security Data Framework Act directs the DHS to consolidate ex-isting intelligence databases and sys-tems at the Department in order to es-tablish a data framework. Specifically, H.R. 2454 requires the DHS to ensure that the data frame-work is accessible to DHS employees who the Secretary determines have an appropriate security clearance, have responsibilities that require access to framework information, and are trained in applicable standards for safeguarding and using such informa-tion. By strengthening the DHS data framework, authorized personnel from each of the components and offices at the Department will have easier access to the data that they need in a timely manner. Additionally, the DHS Security Data Framework Act of 2017 allows the DHS Secretary to incorporate into the data framework systems capabilities for au-diting and ensuring the security of in-formation within the framework. Such capabilities include mechanisms for identifying insider threats and security risks, and safeguards for privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties. The anniversary of 9/11 is a time for reflection and remembrance, and also a time to enhance our defenses. We can-not allow weak data infrastructure to leave the homeland vulnerable to at-tacks, and I thank my good friend and colleague from Texas, Mr. H
URD, for in-troducing this commonsense legisla-tion, and I urge my House colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation. Mr. Speaker, in closing, this is an im-portant bill that has strong support on both sides of the aisle. It maintains ef-fective security measures while con-solidating systems, creating a more feasible way for the men and women at the DHS to access the data that they need to fulfill their critical mission. I thank Mr. H
URDfor his diligence on this bill. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support H.R. 2454, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from New York (Miss R
ICE), for her work on these initiatives. And I thank Chairman M
CCAULand the rank-ing member for the bipartisan way in which we focus on these important issues of homeland security. Mr. Speaker, again, I want to urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2454, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2454—Department of Home-land Security Data Framework Act of 2017, which is the first authorization bill for the De-partment of Homeland Security since its cre-ation. I thank Chairman M
CCAUL and Ranking Member T
HOMPSON for working diligently to bring this suspension bill before the House of Representatives. H.R. 2454 directs the Department of Home-land Security (DHS) to: develop a data framework to integrate exist-ing DHS datasets and systems for access by authorized personnel in a manner consistent with relevant legal authorities and privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties policies and protec-tions; ensure that all information of a DHS office or component that falls within the scope of the information sharing environment, and any in-formation or intelligence relevant to priority mission needs and capability requirements of the homeland security enterprise, is included; and ensure that the framework is accessible to DHS employees who have an appropriate se-curity clearance, who are assigned to perform a function that requires access, and who are trained in applicable standards for safe-guarding and using such information. The bill excludes information that could: jeopardize the protection of sources, meth-ods, or activities; compromise a criminal or national security investigation; be inconsistent with the other federal laws or regulations; or be duplicative or not serve an operational purpose. DHS shall incorporate into such framework systems capabilities for auditing and ensuring the security of information. Few can image how complex the federal government response to a Hurricane can be. For example the need for information shar-ing is crucial to effect disaster response prior to, during and after Hurricanes Harvey and Irma. U.S. cooperation with the European Com-mission, facilitated by the Department of State, allowed for rapid activation of the Copernicus Emergency Management Service (EMS) over the Texas and Louisiana coasts affected by Category-4 Hurricane Harvey, the largest re-corded rainstorms ever to hit the contiguous United States. This service has provided local, state, and federal disaster managers with free, real-time, all-weather radar satellite images of the af-fected areas; we are grateful to our European partners, including the European Space Agen-cy and the European Organization for the Ex-ploitation of Meteorological Satellites, for their assistance during this challenging time. Since August 25, Europe’s Copernicus EMS, at no cost to the United States, has generated up-to-date, satellite-based maps of the flood extent. In combination with U.S. satellite data, these maps are critical tools for relief operations by U.S. federal, state, and local disaster respond-ers. First responders were in critical need of ac-curate information on persons who were trapped by Hurricane Harvey flood waters. The statistics are staggering. 21 trillion gallons of rainfall fell in Texas and Louisiana in the first five days of the storm. The estimated maximum sustained winds exceeded 130 miles per hour as the hurricane made landfall near Rockport, Texas on August 25. A record 4,323 days, which is nearly 12 years, elapsed since a major hurricane (Cat-egory 3 or above) made landfall in the United States prior to Hurricane Harvey; the last Cat-egory 3 hurricane to hit the United States was Hurricane Wilma in 2005, the same year Hurri-cane Katrina destroyed much of New Orleans. The city of Cedar Bayou received 51.88 inches of rainfall, breaking the record for rain-fall from a single storm in the continental United States; my city of Houston received more than 50 inches of rainfall. More than 13,000 people have been res-cued in the Houston area and more than 30,000 persons are expected to be forced out of their homes due to the storm. More than 8,800 federal personnel were staff deployed to help respond to Hurricane Harvey, supplying approximately 2.9 million meals, 2.8 million liters of water, 37,000 tarps, and 130 generators. In the first three days of the storm, more than 49,000 homes had suffered flood dam-age and more than 1,000 homes were com-pletely destroyed in the storm. And today, two weeks later, thousands of Texans are still without permanent and stable housing situations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.031 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7245 September 12, 2017 
That is why the additional $7.4 billion in CDBG funding provided in the legislation is desperately needed. Mr. Speaker, valiant emergency responders in my state worked to exhaustion, with an in-valuable assist from citizen volunteers, to res-cue their neighbors and save lives. That is who Texans are and this is what we do. We do not yet know the full cost in human lives exacted by Hurricane Harvey. But what we do know is that the costs of re-covery and reconstruction will far exceed any natural disaster in memory; best estimates place the cost in the range of $150–$200 bil-lion. Mr. Speaker, there is much more work to be done in my city of Houston, and across the areas affected by the terrible, awesome storm that will be forever known simply as Hurricane Harvey. This same resource was put into use for Hurricane Irma to support response to that major storm. This sharing of important satellite data is provided by the United States-European Com-mission Cooperation Arrangement on Earth Observation Data Related to the Copernicus Program. The Department of State’s Bureau of Oceans and International Environmental and Scientific Affairs negotiated the data sharing agreement, which has been in effect since Oc-tober 2015. The arrangement reflects a shared U.S.- E.U. vision to pursue full, free, and open data policies for government Earth observation sat-ellites, fostering greater scientific discovery and encouraging innovation in applications and value-added services for the benefit of so-ciety at large. I offer the thanks and appreciation for our nation—its people—especially the residents along the Gulf Coast including the residents of the 18th Congressional District in Houston and the surrounding communities for the support from our Allies in our nation’s time of need. The Suspension before the House will facili-tate data sharing among law enforcement agencies in support the mission of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to develop and maintain a unity of effort approach to security our nation from terrorist threats. I ask my colleagues to support H.R. 2454. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky). The question is on the motion offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2454, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
FEDERAL INFORMATION RE-SOURCE TO STRENGTHEN TIES WITH STATE AND LOCAL LAW ENFORCEMENT ACT OF 2017 Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2442) to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to require an annual report on the Office for State and Local Law Enforcement, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 2442 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Federal In-formation Resource to Strengthen Ties with State and Local Law Enforcement Act of 2017’’ or the ‘‘FIRST State and Local Law Enforcement Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ANNUAL REPORT ON OFFICE FOR STATE AND LOCAL LAW ENFORCEMENT. 
Section 2006(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 607(b)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (6); and (2) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing new paragraph (5): ‘‘(5) A
NNUAL REPORT .—For each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022, the Assistant Sec-retary for State and Local Law Enforcement shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on the Judici-ary of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate a report on the ac-tivities of the Office for State and Local Law Enforcement. Each such report shall include, for the fiscal year covered by the report, a description of each of the following: ‘‘(A) Efforts to coordinate and share infor-mation regarding Department and compo-nent agency programs with State, local, and tribal law enforcement agencies. ‘‘(B) Efforts to improve information shar-ing through the Homeland Security Informa-tion Network by appropriate component agencies of the Department and by State, local, and tribal law enforcement agencies. ‘‘(C) The status of performance metrics within the Office of State and Local Law En-forcement to evaluate the effectiveness of ef-forts to carry out responsibilities set forth within the subsection. ‘‘(D) Any feedback from State, local, and tribal law enforcement agencies about the Office, including the mechanisms utilized to collect such feedback. ‘‘(E) Efforts to carry out all other respon-sibilities of the Office of State and Local Law Enforcement.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD) and the gentlewoman from New York (Miss R
ICE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2442, the Office for State and Local Law Enforcement Information Sharing Re-view Act, introduced by the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). The Office for State and Local Law Enforcement is authorized in section 2006(b) of the Homeland Security Act and is located within the DHS Office of Partnership and Engagement. The of-fice largely serves as a source of infor-mation on DHS resources available to State and local law enforcement part-ners, as well as a point of contact for questions regarding DHS policies and programs. This bill requires a report on the ac-tivities of Office of State and Local Law Enforcement within the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. The report must include how the office is working to improve information sharing be-tween DHS and law enforcement agen-cies, an overview of the performance metrics used by the office to measure success, feedback from State and local stakeholders, and an overview of ongo-ing activities. This reporting requirement will en-sure the office is continually identi-fying areas for improvement in the De-partment’s information-sharing efforts with State and locals, and coordinating with relevant DHS component agencies to close these gaps. I applaud the gentlewoman from Texas for including a sunset on the re-porting requirement after 5 years. While the information gathered through this report will be valuable for congressional oversight, it is impor-tant that we do not continue to require never-ending reporting requirements from the Department. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, September 5, 2017. Hon. M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL, I write with re-spect to H.R. 2442, the ‘‘Federal Information Resource to Strengthen Ties with State and Local Law Enforcement Act.’’ As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions within H.R. 2442 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judici-ary, I forego any further consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. The Judiciary Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by fore-going consideration of H.R. 2442 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion and that our committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appro-priate number of conferees to any House- Senate conference involving this or similar legislation and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate a response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 2442 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be in-cluded in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of this bill. Sincerely, B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE7.030 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7246 September 12, 2017 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, September 6, 2017. Hon. B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on Judiciary, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN GOODLATTE , Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 2442, the ‘‘Federal Information Resource to Strengthen Ties with State and Local Law Enforcement Act of 2017’’. I appreciate your support in bring-ing this legislation before the House of Rep-resentatives, and accordingly, understand that the Committee on Judiciary will forego further consideration of the bill. The Committee on Homeland Security con-curs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of this bill at this time, the Judiciary does not waive any juris-diction over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Judiciary rep-resented on the conference committee. I will insert copies of this exchange in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security. 
Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2442, the Federal Information Resource to Strengthen Ties with State and Local Law Enforcement Act of 2017, or the FIRST with State and Local Law Enforcement Act. Mr. Speaker, today we consider H.R. 2442, a bill to require the DHS to sub-mit an annual report to Congress on the activities of the Office for State and Local Law Enforcement. This bill, authored by the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE), seeks to highlight the activities of this important hub of outreach to State and local law enforcement within the DHS. The report is to include detailed in-formation on those efforts, including steps taken to improve them and per-formance metrics to evaluate the effec-tiveness, and feedback received from State, local, and Tribal law enforce-ment agencies. Yesterday, the Committee on Home-land Security released a staff report that looked at the DHS’ progress, over the past decade, at implementing the 9/ 11 Commission Act. With respect to information sharing, it found that policies and procedures have been reformed, at all levels, to en-sure that critical national security in-formation is shared, and recommended that the DHS continue to refine its channels for sharing such information to ensure that they evolve to address the threat, landscape, and stakeholder needs. Constructive engagement, through the Office for State and Local Law En-forcement, is central to this effort. Sixteen years after the September 11 attacks, it is important that we stand together and recommit ourselves to doing all we can to prevent future ter-rorist attacks. I urge my House col-leagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, in closing, the FIRST with State and Local Law Enforcement Act seeks to ensure that, for years to come, State and local law enforcement know that the DHS is a full partner in their efforts to keep their communities secure. As such, I encourage my colleagues to support this bill, H.R. 2442, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues once again to support H.R. 2442, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HURD) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2442, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-CURITY CLASSIFIED FACILITY INVENTORY ACT Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2443) to require an inventory of all facilities certified by the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to host in-frastructure or systems classified above the Secret level, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2443 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Classified Facility In-ventory Act’’. 
SEC. 2. INVENTORY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall, to the extent prac-ticable— (1) maintain an inventory of those Depart-ment of Homeland Security facilities that the Department certifies to house classified infrastructure or systems at the secret level and above; (2) update such inventory on a regular basis; and (3) share part or all of such inventory with— (A) Department personnel who have been granted the appropriate security clearance; (B) non-Federal governmental personnel who have been granted a Top Secret security clearance; and (C) other personnel as determined appro-priate by the Secretary. (b) I
NVENTORY .—The inventory of facilities described in subsection (a) may include— (1) the location of such facilities; (2) the attributes of such facilities (includ-ing the square footage of, the total capacity of, the number of workstations in, and the number of conference rooms in, such facili-ties); (3) the entities that operate such facilities; and (4) the date of establishment of such facili-ties. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BARLETTA ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Miss R
ICE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today we are advancing another bill to support the men and women who answer the call to keep their neighbors safe. Yesterday we honored the first re-sponders and countless other Ameri-cans who were murdered in the Sep-tember 11 terrorist attacks. We will never forget them, nor their great sac-rifices of their families and loved ones. I come from Pennsylvania, which has a proud history of service, from the Na-tional Guard to police, to fire houses, to EMTs. Even one of our former Gov-ernors, Tom Ridge, was a key player in setting up the Department of Home-land Security. Today, we, in Congress, continue to work to reduce the blind spots that led to 9/11, and ensure our Nation’s newest Department is able to get local law en-forcement officers the resources that they need to keep our communities safe. Having served as mayor of Hazleton, Pennsylvania, I have long known that it will be the police officer on the streets of Hazleton, Shamokin or Shippensburg, not some analyst in Washington, who will recognize when a member of our community has radicalized or been recruited by a gang or terrorist sect. That is one of the reasons why I worked with the committee to intro-duce H.R. 2443, the Department of Homeland Security Classified Facility Inventory Act. My bill strengthens information sharing between local, State, and Fed-eral law enforcement by requiring the DHS to maintain an inventory of facili-ties certified to store information clas-sified above the secret level. This is a follow-up to the Fusion Cen-ter Enhancement Act of 2017, which I first introduced last Congress and has successfully passed the committee in the House. I come from a State with three fusion centers: the Pennsylvania Criminal In-telligence Center, known as PaCIC, in Harrisburg; Delaware Valley Intel-ligence Center in Philadelphia; and Southwestern PA Region 13 Fusion Center in Pittsburgh. This bill is part of my efforts to make the DHS share information with its State and local partners. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE7.031 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7247 September 12, 2017 
b1315 More and more, State and local offi-cials are now getting the security clearances they need to get important national security information that will help them; however, gaps remain. This bill will ensure that DHS is tracking the specific location of all the Department’s secure facilities and make this information available to the appropriate State and local personnel as well as Department employees. To be honest, it is frustrating that this legislation is even needed. Con-gress and DHS share the same goal of keeping our communities safe. We must make it clear that information needs to be shared to allow for proper oversight both now and in the future. Our State and local law enforcement officials are professionals and leaders of our communities. However, far too often, I have heard complaints that Federal officials do not take local in-formation seriously simply because someone has not been able to obtain a certain security clearance. My legisla-tion will help address this concern. Specifically, this bill requires greater transparency and information sharing on the locations of all facilities cer-tified by DHS to store classified infra-structure or systems above the secret level, commonly known as SCIFs. This will give local law enforcement the tools that they need to protect their communities and our Nation as a whole. Additionally, by requiring DHS to maintain an updated list of all of these facilities, this bill will ensure that the Department does not invest in new fa-cilities in areas already covered, in turn, reducing the chances of wasteful spending. I urge my colleagues to support this measure, which passed the House once already as part of the larger DHS au-thorization bill in July. I hope that my colleagues in the Senate will realize the critical need for my bill and will act quickly so President Trump can sign it into law. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2443, the Department of Homeland Se-curity Classified Facility Inventory Act of 2017. This measure addresses a concern to many of us in the counterterrorism arena—the absence of a centralized in-ventory of classified systems within DHS. DHS is the third largest Federal agency and has a vast footprint, yet DHS does not maintain a centralized list of all the spaces around the coun-try where individuals with clearances can access classified information. H.R. 2443 tackles this issue by requir-ing DHS to maintain an inventory of all DHS certified facilities that house classified systems above the secret level on a regular basis. It requires DHS to share part or all of the inven-tory, in accordance with standard in-formation-sharing procedures and poli-cies. This legislation will enhance Con-gress’ ability to assist DHS with pro-tecting classified facilities. Mr. Speaker, I urge my House col-leagues to support this bipartisan leg-islation. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2443 is an impor-tant piece of legislation. It has strong support on both sides of the aisle. Extensive efforts have been made to enhance information sharing, establish the DHS intelligence enterprise, and support the National Network of Fu-sion Centers. It is important that DHS’ partners at all levels know where to go to access classified information, par-ticularly when a terrorist or other na-tional security incident occurs. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support H.R. 2443, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2443, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2443, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
TERRORIST RELEASE ANNOUNCE-MENTS TO COUNTER EXTREMIST RECIDIVISM ACT Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2471) to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to share with State, local, and regional fusion cen-ters release information from a Federal correctional facility, including name, charging date, and expected place and date of release, of certain individuals who may pose a terrorist threat, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2471 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Terrorist Release Announcements to Counter Extrem-ist Recidivism Act’’ or the ‘‘TRACER Act’’. 
SEC. 2. TERROR INMATE INFORMATION SHARING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security, in coordination with the At-torney General and in consultation with other appropriate Federal officials, shall, as appropriate, share with State, local, and re-gional fusion centers through the Depart-ment of Homeland Security Fusion Center Partnership Initiative under section 210A of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 124h), as well as other relevant law enforce-ment entities, release information from a Federal correctional facility, including the name, charging date, and expected place and date of release, of certain individuals who may pose a terrorist threat. (b) SCOPE.—The information shared pursu-ant to subsection (a) shall be— (1) for homeland security purposes; and (2) regarding individuals convicted of a Federal crime of terrorism (as such term is defined in section 2332b of title 18, United States Code). (c) P
ERIODIC THREAT ASSESSMENTS .—Con- sistent with the protection of classified in-formation and controlled unclassified infor-mation, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall coordinate with appropriate Federal of-ficials to provide State, local, and regional fusion centers described in subsection (a) with periodic assessments regarding the overall threat from known or suspected ter-rorists currently incarcerated in a Federal correctional facility, including the assessed risks of such populations engaging in ter-rorist activity upon release. (d) P
RIVACY PROTECTION .—Prior to affect-ing the information sharing described in sub-section (a), the Secretary shall receive input and advice from the Officer for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties, the Officer for Privacy, and the Chief Intelligence Officer of the De-partment of Homeland Security. (e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed as requiring the establishment of a list or registry of in-dividuals convicted of terrorism. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL) and the gentle-woman from New York (Miss R
ICE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the victims of the 9/11 attacks and to voice my support for the TRACER Act. Mr. Speaker, 16 years ago, 19 cow-ardly terrorists hijacked four airplanes and used them as missiles to kill 3,000 innocent people. The souls that were lost belonged to moms and dads, broth-ers and sisters, sons and daughters. It was a day that we will never for-get. Each year, as we look back, we all remember something different about that morning. There are those who re-member getting a phone call and lis-tening to a frantic voice on the other end. Some remember running into the streets as the Twin Towers fell and feared for their lives. Others saw the Pentagon in flames and wondered who did this and why. There are many other images and thoughts that are seared into our minds. However, we can also remember the heroism of our first responders, the brave firefighters and police officers who raced to the scene and charged up the stairs of the World Trade Center to save their fellow countrymen. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.037 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7248 September 12, 2017 
We can picture strangers helping strangers navigate through the dust and debris in downtown New York, and we can be grateful for the courageous passengers on United Airlines Flight 93 who saved an untold number of lives and perhaps this very building that we stand in here today. Yesterday morning, I stood at Ground Zero in New York and listened to each of the victims’ names that were read. I remembered a nation that came together and stood by one another as we recovered from this heinous attack. September 11 showed the entire world that terrorists could knock our build-ings down, but they could not dent the American spirit. In the aftermath, we pledged to work with one another and prevent such a tragedy from ever hap-pening again. Today, we are still engaged in a gen-erational fight to defeat Islamist ter-rorism, but I believe we will eventually win that fight as long as we pursue policies that will make it easier to pro-tect our homeland and the American people. One of the lessons we learned from 9/11 was the need to strengthen infor-mation sharing among Federal, State, and local authorities, and while we have taken steps to address this in the past, we need to do more. This act, the TRACER Act, intro-duced by Congressman R
UTHERFORD , would require the Department of Homeland Security to share with local and regional fusion centers important information regarding potential risks posed by individuals who were pre-viously convicted on charges related to terrorism. More specifically, it would allow DHS to share the expected place and date of release of these incarcer-ated terrorists. Providing law enforcement officials with this information will allow them to minimize potential risks to their communities by countering extremist recidivism. This legislation is an op-portunity to strengthen coordination between all levels of law enforcement and help keep Americans safe. Again, I would like to thank Con-gressman R
UTHERFORD for all of his hard work on this legislation, and I hope that his constituents and the en-tire State of Florida make a strong re-covery in the aftermath of Hurricane Irma. As someone who has personally toured devastated communities back home in my home State of Texas as a result of Hurricane Harvey, it is clear that there are still many long days ahead. However, we can be very thank-ful for the men and women at DHS, in-cluding FEMA and the United States Coast Guard, as well as thousands of local first responders and volunteers who have been called to action. The American people deserve to know that all levels of government are working together to keep our home-land safe. I urge my colleagues to sup-port this bipartisan bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2471, the Terrorist Release Announce-ments to Counter Extremist Recidi-vism Act, or TRACER Act. Mr. Speaker, today we consider H.R. 2471, a narrowly tailored bill that seeks to ensure that certain local authorities are notified when convicted terrorists who have completed their prison terms are expected to be released into their communities. This legislation was drafted in re-sponse to testimony received by our committee about the need for such in-formation to be shared for situational awareness. The bill requires DHS, in coordination with appropriate Federal partners, as well as State and local law enforcement, to conduct periodic threat assessments regarding the over-all threat from known or suspected ter-rorists currently incarcerated in a Fed-eral correctional facility. It is our hope that those who were convicted of providing materiel sup-port to foreign terrorist organizations or taking other actions in support of ISIL or an al-Qaida affiliate have turned away from their terrorist past. However, in an age where lone-wolf ter-rorist attacks are more common, it just makes sense to let local law en-forcement know when a former ter-rorist is returning to the community they are entrusted to safeguard. I support this bill that seeks to im-prove situational awareness at all lev-els of law enforcement to potential ter-rorist threats. I urge passage of H.R. 2471. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2471 will further enhance the ability of law enforce-ment, particularly those participating in the National Network of Fusion Cen-ters, to monitor potential terrorist threats and take action to prevent at-tacks. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I, once again, urge my colleagues to support this important legislation. It is bipartisan, ensures that State and local law enforcement have greater access to Federal counter-terrorism information and, most im-portantly, neighborhoods; when terror-ists are released back into the commu-nities, they at least know who they have in their neighborhoods. I also want to applaud Congressman R
UTHERFORD , who cannot be here today because of Hurricane Irma. My thoughts and prayers are with the State of Florida as they continue to re-spond and recover from that dev-astating hurricane. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2471, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
FIREFIGHTER CANCER REGISTRY ACT OF 2017 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 931) to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop a voluntary registry to collect data on cancer incidence among firefighters, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 931 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Firefighter Cancer Registry Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. POPULATION-BASED REGISTRY FOR FIRE-FIGHTER CANCER INCIDENCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Di-rector of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, shall develop and maintain, di-rectly or through a grant or cooperative agreement, a voluntary registry of fire-fighters (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Firefighter Registry’’) to collect relevant history and occupational information of such firefighters that can be linked to available cancer registry data collected by existing State cancer registries. (b) U
SE OF FIREFIGHTER REGISTRY .—The Firefighter Registry shall be used for the fol-lowing purposes: (1) To establish and improve collection in-frastructure and activities related to the na-tionwide monitoring of the incidence of can-cer among firefighters. (2) To collect, consolidate, store, and make publicly available epidemiological informa-tion related to cancer incidence and trends among firefighters. (c) R
ELEVANT DATA.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the vol-untary data collection for purposes of inclu-sion under the Firefighter Registry, the Sec-retary should seek to include the following information: (A) Identifiable information from a rep-resentative sample size, as determined by the Secretary under subsection (d)(2)(A), of volunteer, paid-on-call, and career fire-fighters, independent of cancer status or di-agnosis. (B) With respect to individual risk factors and work history of firefighters, available in-formation on— (i) basic demographic information, includ-ing the age of the firefighter involved; (ii) a listing of status of the firefighter as either volunteer, paid-on-call, or career fire-fighter; (iii) the number of years on the job and a detailing of additional employment experi-ence that was either performed concurrently alongside firefighting service, before, or any-time thereafter; (iv)(I) a measure of the number of fire inci-dents attended as well as the type of fire in-cidents (such as residential house fire or commercial fire); or (II) in the case of a firefighter for whom in-formation on such number and type is not available, an estimate of such number and type based on the method developed under subsection (d)(2); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.039 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7249 September 12, 2017 
(v) a list of additional risk factors, includ-ing smoking or drug use, as determined rel-evant by the Secretary; and (vi) other physical examination and med-ical history information relevant to a cancer incidence study or general health of fire-fighters not available in existing cancer reg-istries. (C) Any additional information that is deemed necessary by the Secretary. (2) D
IAGNOSES AND TREATMENT .—In car- rying out the data collection for purposes of inclusion under the Firefighter Registry, with respect to diagnoses and treatment of firefighters diagnosed with cancer, the Sec-retary shall enable the Firefighter Registry to link to State-based cancer registries, for a purpose described by clause (vi) or (vii) of section 399B(c)(2)(D) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280e(c)(2)(D)), to ob-tain information on— (A) administrative information, including date of diagnoses and source of information; and (B) pathological data characterizing the cancer, including cancer site, state of disease (pursuant to Staging Guide), incidence, and type of treatment. (d) M
ETHODS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—For the purposes de-scribed in subsection (b), the Secretary is au-thorized to incorporate questions into public health surveys, questionnaires, and other databases. (2) R
EQUIRED STRATEGY .—The Secretary shall develop a strategy, working in con-sultation with the stakeholders identified in subsection (e), to maximize participation in the Firefighter Registry established under this Act. At minimum, the strategy shall in-clude the following: (A) Identified minimum participation tar-gets for volunteer, paid-on-call, and career firefighters. (B) A strategy for increasing awareness of the Firefighter Registry and maximizing participation among volunteer, paid-on-call, and career firefighters to meet minimum participation targets. (C) Additional steps that may be required to ensure the equitable representation of groups identified in paragraph (5). (D) Information on how the Secretary will store data described in subsection (c)(1) and provide links to relevant health information described in subsection (c)(2). (E) Working in consultation with the ex-perts described in subsection (e), a reliable and standardized method for estimating the number of fire incidents attended by a fire-fighter as well as the type of fire incident so attended in the case such firefighter is un-able to provide such information. (3) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary shall submit the strategy described in para-graph (2) to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate not later than 30 days after the date of the completion of the strategy. (4) G
UIDANCE FOR INCLUSION AND MAINTE -
NANCE OF DATA ON FIREFIGHTERS .—The Sec- retary shall develop, in consultation with the stakeholders identified in subsection (e), State health agencies, State departments of homeland security, and volunteer, paid-on- call, combination, and career firefighting agencies, a strategy for inclusion of fire-fighters in the registry that are representa-tive of the general population of firefighters, that outlines the following: (A) How new information about firefighters will be submitted to the Firefighter Registry for inclusion. (B) How information about firefighters will be maintained and updated in the Firefighter Registry over time. (C) A method for estimating the number of fire incidents attended by a firefighter as well as the type of fire incident so attended in the case such firefighter is unable to pro-vide such information. (D) Further information, as deemed nec-essary by the Secretary. (5) ENSURING REPRESENTATION OF UNDER -
REPRESENTED GROUPS IN REGISTRY .—In car- rying out this section, the Secretary shall take such measures as the Secretary deems appropriate to encourage the inclusion of data on minority, female, and volunteer fire-fighters in the Firefighter Registry estab-lished under this section. (e) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall, on a regular basis, seek feedback regarding the utility of the Firefighter Registry estab-lished under this section and ways the Fire-fighter Registry can be improved from non- Federal experts in the following areas: (1) Public health experts with experience in developing and maintaining cancer reg-istries. (2) Epidemiologists with experience in studying cancer incidence. (3) Clinicians with experience in diag-nosing and treating cancer incidence. (4) Active and retired volunteer, paid-on- call, and career firefighters as well as rel-evant national fire and emergency response organizations. (f) R
ESEARCH AVAILABILITY .—The Sec-retary shall develop and make public a proc-ess for de-identifying data from the Fire-fighter Registry and making such data avail-able without a fee for research or other pur-poses. Such process shall provide that such data shall be made available for such re-search purposes only if there is an agreement to make findings, journal articles, or other print or web-based publications derived from such research public or available to the rel-evant stakeholders identified in subsection (e). (g) P
RIVACY .—In carrying out this Act, the Secretary shall apply to the Firefighter Reg-istry developed under subsection (a) data se-curity provisions and privacy standards that comply with the best practices of the Cen-ters for Disease Control and Prevention and provide for data privacy and security stand-ards similar to those in the HIPAA privacy regulation, as defined in section 1180(b)(3) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320d– 9(b)(3)). (h) A
UTHORIZATION OF FUNDS .—To carry out this section, there are authorized to be appropriated $2,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2018 through 2022. 
SEC. 3. CUT-GO COMPLIANCE. 
Subsection (f) of section 319D of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–4) is amended by striking ‘‘through 2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘through 2017, and $128,300,000 for fis-cal year 2018’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENEGREEN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. b1330 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material into the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 931, the Firefighter Cancer Reg-istry Act of 2017, introduced by my friend and colleague on the Energy and Commerce Committee, Representative CHRIS COLLINS from New York, who we will hear from shortly, will create a na-tional registry to collect information to better understand cancer incidence in firefighters. These heroic first responders experi-ence occupational health risks every day. In my district, it is oftentimes from forest fires, like we are having all summer long. This past weekend I saw firsthand what our firefighters face as they battle a number of fires raging in Oregon, putting themselves in harm’s way to save property, infrastructure, lives, watersheds, habitats, and our for-ests. I was deeply reminded yesterday morning, as I watched some of the news coverage that took us back 16 years ago to 9/11, and seeing the scenes of the buildings collapsing and burning and the people emerging, individual citizens, first responders, caked in dust and toxins and dealing with smoke, you realize just the peril that our first responders often find themselves in. They rush into buildings to save lives, and we deeply appreciate what they do. That is why this legislation is an im-portant step to help them. Nationwide, we have this problem with our firefighters. They came to us and said: We need this registry. Again, going back to the West and what we face, and I saw it when I flew across the country to come here, not only are there fires and smoke throughout Oregon, but also all across the West: Colorado, Montana, Wyo-ming, hill and valley choked with smoke. Close to 8 million acres burned in wildfires so far this year; more than half a million in Oregon on both public and mostly private lands. Thousands of residents have had to be evacuated. Firefighters, of course, stayed behind. They do what they do. Multiple studies have shown a cor-relation between firefighting and can-cer. However, the reasons behind this are not fully understood. We owe it to these first responders to understand the causal link to cancer. Having bet-ter data to identify why firefighters are at an increased risk for some can-cers will hopefully lead to better pro-tective measures and ultimately re-duce some of the hazards that they face when putting their lives on the line. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from New York (Mr. C
OLLINS ) for his good work on this measure, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 931, the Firefighter Cancer Registry Act of 2017. Yesterday we recognized the sixteenth anniversary of the Sep-tember 11 terror attacks. The tragic 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE7.034 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7250 September 12, 2017 
events on that day exhibited the her-oism our firefighters and other first re-sponders display as they run toward disaster while everyone else runs away. The long-term health consequences on September 11, including several forms of cancer and chronic respiratory conditions among first responders, also serve as a reminder of the unique health risks firefighters face. As fire-fighters run into burning buildings and other environments, they often do not know whether carcinogens or haz-ardous materials are present. Such ex-posures have resulted in cancer becom-ing the leading cause of line of duty death among firefighters. My grand-father was a captain in the Houston Fire Department and died of cancer. We still do not fully understand the relationship between firefighters and cancer risk. That is why a more com-prehensive approach is needed to un-derstand this relationship. H.R. 931, the Firefighter Cancer Registry Act, will create a voluntary cancer registry of firefighters to collect data on their cancer risks and outcomes related to their job exposures. This registry will inform research into the health risks facing firefighters, as well as ways to mitigate such risks. That evidence will allow us to implement new practices and develop new tools to protect the health of individuals who courageously put their lives at risk to protect the public. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. C
OLLINS ), the author of this very important legislation and an im-portant member of our committee. Mr. COLLINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, I come before you in support of my bill, H.R. 931, the Firefighter Cancer Registry Act. Sixteen years ago yesterday, on Sep-tember 11, 2001, we witnessed a horrible tragedy that will leave an impression on generations of Americans forever. Through this tragedy, we witnessed the heroic actions of America’s brave first responders working and volunteering in the days and weeks that followed. We lost many first responders during those attacks of 9/11, and we continue to lose more every year from ongoing health effects. All firefighters across our Nation sacrifice their health every day to face the dangers of smoke inhalation and toxic chemicals. These dangers cannot be entirely avoided, which is why this bill, H.R. 931, is so important. This bi-partisan legislation takes an important first step towards addressing the detri-mental health impacts faced by our Na-tion’s firefighters. The career of firefighting is a dan-gerous one. There are nearly 1.2 million men and women serving as firefighters in the United States. With every single fire they fight, these heroes take their lives into their own hands. Firefighters bravely risk their safety to protect our families, our homes, and our commu-nities. Unfortunately, the risks of fire-fighting surpass the scene of the fire. These men and women are exposed to dangerous smoke and chemicals that often result in a lifetime of health trouble. We see firefighters all across the United States with higher rates of cancer than the general population, and it is vital that we learn more about this correlation. That is why I, along with my col-league, Representative BILLPASCRELL , introduced the Firefighter Cancer Reg-istry Act. This bill will require the CDC to establish a registry to track cancer incidence in the firefighting community. This comprehensive reg-istry will work with fire departments across our Nation to include the impor-tant variables of a firefighter’s career, including years of service, number of fires attended, and the types of fires at-tended. This information is essential to the development of future protocols, safeguards, and the development of equipment that will better protect these men and women. Firefighters put their lives at risk every day, and Congress should do all it can to shed light and reduce the health hazards they face. I would like to commend Chairman W
ALDEN and Ranking Member P
ALLONE of the full committee, and Chairman B
URGESS and Ranking Member G
REEN of the Health Subcommittee for a bipartisan showing of support during both markups of this legislation. I cannot think of a more relevant week to bring this legislation to the House floor. I urge the rest of my colleagues to support the Fire-fighter Cancer Registry Act, as we honor tragic losses of September 11. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ASCRELL ), a cospon-sor of the bill. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 931, the Firefighter Cancer Registry Act. I want to thank my partner, the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. C
OLLINS ), for introducing this bill. I thank as well Chairman W
ALDEN , Ranking Mem-ber P
ALLONE , Dr. B URGESS , and Mr. G
REEN for helping to shepherd our bill through the Energy and Commerce Committee and onto the floor day. As co-chair of the Congressional Fire Services Caucus and lead Democratic sponsor of this bill, I am proud to stand up for the brave men and women of our fire service. It is these individuals who put their lives on the line day in and day out to keep our communities safe. In addition to ensuring that our first responders are prepared in advance of disasters and other emergencies, we must also ensure that they receive the necessary medical care and services after answering the call of duty. When the courageous men and women in the fire services enter dan-gerous situations, they do not stop to ask whether they are subjecting them-selves to long-term health risks. Yesterday, across this Nation, we honored the first responders that an-swered the call of duty after the terror-ists attacked us on September 11. Many of those brave men and women gave their lives, and many more are living with long-term health problems stem-ming from the time they spent at toxic Ground Zero. As evidenced on that day, many be-fore and since, our first responders do whatever is necessary to keep our com-munities safe. That is why we must have their backs. While we know that firefighters are routinely exposed to a variety of known carcinogens in chaotic and un-controlled environments, we do not have a good sense of the full picture of the negative impacts of the exposure. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and the Na-tional Institute for Occupational Safe-ty and Health, firefighters are at high-er risk for certain kinds of cancer, in-cluding brain cancer, leukemia, lung cancer, and kidney cancer, when com-pared with the general population. Despite the knowledge we have gained through these studies, many have been limited by small sample sizes and an underrepresentation of key demographic groups. The first step to finding solutions is understanding the nature of the prob-lem. Further public health research on this topic is needed so we can start working to find ways to alleviate this risk. I am pleased that H.R. 931 is on the floor today. It would create a national cancer registry for firefighters diag-nosed with this deadly disease. The cre-ation of a specialized firefighter cancer registry will provide scientists and medical professionals with the detailed national data that will allow them to study the relationships between fire-fighters’ exposure to dangerous fumes and harmful toxins and the increased risk for several major cancers. In the future, this information could also allow for better protective equipment and prevention techniques to be devel-oped. This bill enjoys strong support from major fire organizations across our Na-tion, including the International Asso-ciation of Firefighters, the Congres-sional Fire Services Institute, the Na-tional Volunteer Fire Council, the International Association of Fire Chiefs, the National Fallen Fire-fighters Foundation, the New Jersey State Firefighters’ Mutual Benevolent Association, and the International Fire Service Training Association. Taking care of the brave men and women of the fire service is an impor-tant task. We cannot delay in getting them the help they need. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues in the House to pass this bill swiftly so we can work on getting it through the Senate and onto the President’s desk. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ), the chairman of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.043 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7251 September 12, 2017 
Subcommittee on Health, the gen-tleman who helped move this legisla-tion forward, and leads our committee on matters of health. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 931, the Firefighter Cancer Registry Act. In 2015, a 5-year study of nearly 30,000 firefighters found that these individ-uals had a greater number of cancer di-agnoses and cancer-related deaths than matched controls in the general popu-lation. While this built upon prior studies that have examined the link between firefighting and cancer, our under-standing of this connection is still lim-ited. To improve our ability to allevi-ate the health risks that these public servants face, Representatives C
OLLINS  and P
ASCRELL introduced H.R. 931. This will authorize funding for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to create a national registry for the col-lection of data pertaining to cancer in-cidence among firefighters. This national registry will fill the void in our understanding of the health risks that our firefighters face and bet-ter prepare us to care for them. Yesterday did mark the 16th anniver-sary of the September 11 attacks. We are reminded of the firefighters’ will-ingness to run toward danger to help anyone who is in harm’s way. Across our country, firefighters answer the call whenever our families or our com-munities are in need. Supporting these important public health bills is one way we can give back to these heroes, and I urge all Members to join me in supporting H.R. 931. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ), another very im-portant member of our Energy and Commerce Committee, who I know had many constituents horribly affected by the tragic events of 9/11. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in very strong support of the Firefighter Cancer Registry Act spon-sored by my close friends, Congressman C
OLLINS and Congressman P ASCRELL . Congressman C
OLLINS has been in-volved in this issue for many years, in-cluding as an Erie County executive in western New York. Congressman P
AS-
CRELL has spent his entire public ca-reer in defense of firefighters as mayor of Paterson, as a member of the State legislature, and for more than two dec-ades as a Member of Congress. b1345 This bill will direct the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to col-lect data on cancer incidence among firefighters. We need this data to help save the lives of the brave heroes who put their lives on the line every day. The CDC will compile critical infor-mation like risk factors and the dan-gers to which firefighters are exposed. This information collected on a vol-untary basis will help develop better protective equipment and prevention techniques that can be disseminated across the country. It is fitting that we consider this leg-islation this week as our Nation mourns the somber anniversary of the September 11 attacks. This country can never forget the images of fire-fighters, police, EMS, and other first responders initiating rescues and put-ting themselves in grave danger, both during and after the attacks. Many lives were lost that day and, in the years that have followed, from the rescue and recovery work. Let’s do all we can to make sure this information and best practices are shared so that we can protect as many lives as pos-sible. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr. FASO), who also had con-stituents who were very affected by the events of 9/11. Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the chairman’s yielding of time. As we take this week to somberly re-member those who lost their lives on September 11, 2001, it is equally impor-tant that we remember the first re-sponders who bravely ran towards the tragedy of 16 years ago, who woke up the next day, on September 12, 2001, still beaten, tired, and bruised but, again, walked towards those tragedies. Still, today, these first responders he-roically risk life and limb to run to-ward tragedies. As Americans, we owe our first re-sponders a great debt. For this reason, I ask my colleagues to support Mr. C
OLLINS ’ bill, H.R. 931, the Firefighter Cancer Registry Act, which makes im-portant first steps in lifesaving cancer research and future medical advance-ments for firefighters, who have dis-proportionately higher cancer risks. I would like to thank all of our first responders and urge passage of this im-portant legislation, and I thank the bi-partisan cosponsors of this legislation as well. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, we have no more speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, we all join in thanking our first responders. This is the least of the things we can do to show how much we care about our firefighters, and I would encourage our colleagues in the House to support this very important legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 931, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
LITTLE ROCK CENTRAL HIGH SCHOOL NATIONAL HISTORIC SITE BOUNDARY MODIFICATION ACT Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2611) to modify the boundary of the Little Rock Central High School National Historic Site, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2611 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Little Rock Central High School National Historic Site Boundary Modification Act’’. 
SEC. 2. LITTLE ROCK CENTRAL HIGH SCHOOL NA-TIONAL HISTORIC SITE BOUNDARY MODIFICATION. 
Section 2 of Public Law 105–356 (112 Stat. 3268) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (b), (c), (d), and (e) as subsections (c), (d), (e), and (f), respectively; (2) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b) B
OUNDARY MODIFICATION .—The bound-ary of the historic site is modified to include the 7 residences on South Park Street in Lit-tle Rock, Arkansas, consisting of 1.47 acres, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘Central High School National Historic Site Proposed Boundary’, numbered 037/80,001, and dated August, 2004.’’; and (3) in subsection (d) (as redesignated by paragraph (1))— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘(1) The Secretary’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘(2) The Secretary’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary’’; and (C) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS FOR THE  
PRESERVATION AND INTERPRETATION OF CER -
TAIN PROPERTIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may enter into cooperative agreements with the owners of the 7 residences referred to in sub-section (b) pursuant to which the Secretary may use appropriated funds to mark, inter-pret, improve, restore, and provide technical assistance with respect to the preservation and interpretation of the properties. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—An agreement entered into under subparagraph (A) shall include a provision specifying that no changes or al-terations shall be made to the exterior of the properties subject to the agreement, except by the mutual agreement of the parties to the agreement.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) and the gentle-woman from Hawaii (Ms. H
ANABUSA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.044 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7252 September 12, 2017 
and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL), the sponsor of this excellent piece of legislation. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, 60 years ago today, all eyes were on South Park Street that fronts the beautiful facade of Central High School in Little Rock, Arkansas. Just days before, Arkansas Governor Orval Faubus had called out the Na-tional Guard to prevent nine Black stu-dents from entering the school on Sep-tember 4. Central High and its beau-tiful neighborhood had become ground zero in the march to end the five-dec-ade legacy of Plessy v. Ferguson, ‘‘sep-arate but equal,’’ to bring it to reality. Now, just over 3 years after the Brown decision, it was time for action. In a few days, on the 25th of this month, we will celebrate the successful integration of Central High School, when the Little Rock Nine entered the school escorted by the troops of the 101st Airborne. It is fitting today, Mr. Speaker, that we pay tribute to the Little Rock Nine, their defenders, and the successful end to separate but equal. We recognize this important milestone today on this House floor by passing a bill on the suspension calendar that expands the park boundary of the national historic site at Little Rock Central High School. This is a historic and impor-tant touchstone for all of those mod-ern-day history travelers retracing the steps of the civil rights movement. The Little Rock National Historic Site Visitor Center was opened in 2007 on the occasion of the 50th anniversary of the integration of Central High. To-day’s measure, H.R. 2611, is a simple one: extending the park boundaries to take in the houses that fronted the school along beautiful South Park Street so that future generations will be able to picture this tranquil street, an architecturally significant facade of Central High, and reflect back on those 21 days of trauma in September 1957. I thank my colleague who is in our Chamber today, civil rights pioneer and courageous actor J
OHN LEWIS, for his cosponsorship. I thank our majority leader, Chair-man B
ISHOP , and the Natural Resources Committee for their expeditious treat-ment of this important measure, and I salute Senator C
OTTON for his leader-ship in advancing this important legis-lation in the United States Senate. I look forward to President Trump signing this bill and again recognizing that we have to embrace our past and learn from our history. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor at this time to yield such time as he may consume to the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. LEWIS), a civil rights pioneer and legend. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from Hawaii for yielding time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this bill. I am proud to join the gen-tleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL) in sponsoring this legislation to update the Little Rock Central High School National Historic Site. In 1954, the Supreme Court issued a historic decision in the Brown v. Board of Education case, which desegregated our Nation’s public schools. Unfortu-nately, the law of the land did not be-come the practice of its people over-night. It took the will of brave men and women and some very brave chil-dren, like the Little Rock Nine. Parents swallowed the fear for their children. Strong, innocent little chil-dren put their bodies on the line to force the change that justice demands. The actions changed the heart and the soul of our Nation, and we must admit today that our country is a better country and we are a better people be-cause of these children, the mothers and fathers, the teachers, and many of our citizens. When Little Rock, Arkansas, leaders attempted to desegregate Central High School, the Governor fought back. He choose to stand on the side of hate and bigotry. It took a determined mayor, a strong President, the U.S. Army, and the Arkansas National Guard to pro-tect these nine teenagers as they en-tered the school. In 1957, Mr. Speaker, I was 17 years old, and I vividly remember those days. These young people inspired all of us to stand up, to speak up, and to speak out. And many of us started saying: If the children in Little Rock can do what they are doing, we, too, can do it. For those of us watching on tele-vision, listening to the radio, and read-ing the newspapers, we were deeply in-spired. We were moved to do some-thing, to say something. I said to my-self: We need to stand up the same way the people and students in Little Rock are standing up. I remember thinking that I could—that I must—find a way to get in the way. Mr. Speaker, Central High is part of our history that must be preserved for a generation yet unborn. I remember very well, a few years ago, I visited that school and walked through the halls with a young Afri-can-American student who was presi-dent of the student body, who the prin-cipal asked to escort me through the school. I felt like I was walking in a special place, almost a holy place. It brought tears to my eyes. During those dark and difficult times, the national historic site be-came a beacon of hope, an inspiration that we can never give up, that we can never give in as we strive towards equal rights and justice for all. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arkansas for introducing this bill, and I urge all of my colleagues to stand with the gentleman from Arkan-sas and the gentlewoman from Hawaii and support this piece of legislation. b1400 Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. WESTERMAN ), also a member of our committee and who has helped shepherd this bill through our committee and here on the floor. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my colleague from Arkansas Con-gressman F
RENCH HILL’s bill, H.R. 2611, that will modify the boundary of the Little Rock Central High School Na-tional Historic Site to include seven residences on South Park Street in Lit-tle Rock, Arkansas. While this bill would authorize the National Park Service to enter into co-operative agreements with private property owners of the South Street properties, H.R. 2611 will do more. It will also help us to remember. It will help us to remember that on Sep-tember 25, 1957, nine young people, with Federal troops for escorts, bravely walked past crowds of hatred, bigotry, emotional degradation, and even phys-ical abuse to desegregate Little Rock Central High School. On that historic day in 1957, nine young people showed the United States and the world that we were and are bet-ter than segregation and better than racism and injustice. They proved to the world that, as Americans, we really do believe the Declaration of Independ-ence when it says that all men are cre-ated equal. I believe that allowing the historical residences surrounding Little Rock Central High School to slip into dis-repair or oblivion would be a severe in-justice to those who gave of themselves to further the cause of civil rights and equality. I would like to thank my colleague from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL) and the dis-tinguished gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
EWIS) for their work on this im-portant issue, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2611, introduced by Representative H
ILLand cosponsored by civil rights pioneer and legend, Rep-resentative L
EWIS of Georgia, amends Public Law 105–356, which established Little Rock Central High School Na-tional Historic Site. H.R. 2611 would modify the park’s boundary and expand the park’s au-thority to enter into cooperative agree-ments. The proposed boundary modi-fication would include seven privately owned residences on South Park Street, consisting of 1.47 acres. The co-operative agreement authority pro-vided by the bill will allow the Na-tional Park Service to give financial and technical aid to the property own-ers to preserve the facades and main-tain the ambience of a 1957 historic scene. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.048 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7253 September 12, 2017 
Images of the South Park Street properties are inextricably associated with the 1957 events. As images of the Little Rock Nine, crowds of protesters, the public, and the National Guards-men appeared in newspapers across the Nation and were broadcast live through the emerging media of television, the neighborhood became as recognizable as the high school itself. Because South Park Street in front of Central High School retains a high degree of historical integrity, this leg-islation would provide a unique oppor-tunity to preserve a setting that will allow visitors to more accurately vis-ualize the events that occurred there in 1957 when the Little Rock Nine at-tempted to attend Central High School. In 1996, the surrounding neighbor-hood, including these seven privately owned homes, was listed on the Na-tional Register of Historic Places as the Central High School Neighborhood Historic District. The designation rec-ognized the neighborhood’s association with the significant events of 1957 as well as the architectural characteris-tics and qualities that remain rel-atively unchanged from that period. All the property owners and several community members have expressed their support for this proposal, includ-ing Central High Neighborhood, Inc., and Preserve Arkansas. As we move forward in these turbu-lent times, it is important that we do not forget the struggles of the Little Rock Nine and the neighborhood that moved America forward towards an in-tegrated education system. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, this bill, to me, is an extremely important bill. Sixty years ago, during this month, nine extraor-dinary students attended Little Rock, Arkansas’ Central High School. They were kids picked for their academic ability and their maturity level be-cause they were going to go through a year that no one had seen before and, hopefully, will ever see again. Mr. Speaker, perhaps because I taught high school for almost 30 years, I understand the environment that took place here, and I have a great deal of empathy for these nine kids who went there. They could have easily been my students. This becomes a significant concept that on September 4, 60 years ago, the Governor of Arkansas ordered the Na-tional Guard to bar these nine kids from entrance into Central High School in Little Rock; then, after some pressure, he withdrew the protection so the kids were subject to the mobs and the violence that took place there at that time. On September 25, 60 years ago, Dwight Eisenhower had the courage and leadership—one of the reasons I re-spect him so much as a President—to order the Army 101st Airborne Division to go down to Little Rock to Central High School and to escort these nine kids through that first year and lead them to a school year like no other has ever been. This situation was, in my estimation, a pivotal moment in our Nation’s civil rights history as well as our education history. We have often talked about how buildings and monuments are used to interpret history. That is exactly what Mr. H
ILLis attempting to do here with a significant site in America’s his-tory, to make sure that it is pre-served—and not just the high school itself, but the seven residences that are across the street on South Park Street. Those residences there are part of the historical landmark which was made and designated in the Reagan adminis-tration. They are part of the designa-tion on the National Register of His-toric Places. Finally, in 1998, the high school and some surrounding areas were estab-lished as a National Historic Site. Those buildings still have significant historical integrity. They add to the definition and the story of history which must—which must—be remem-bered at all times. This bill expands the boundaries of this National Historic Site to include those residences so the National Park Service can, in cooperative agreements with the residents who still live there, make sure that that area will always be preserved as a place to interpret, improve, and provide the technical as-sistance to make sure this story of American history is not forgotten. It is part of the milieu. As the gentlewoman from Hawaii said, when you see pictures of these kids giving press conferences, you see these homes in the background. It is part and parcel to this story. The resi-dents who live across the street are connected to the landmark events in September of 1957 and provide the backdrop for this particular element. I am appreciative of Mr. H
ILLof Ar-kansas for leading forth with this par-ticular bill, realizing the significance, and I am happy that today, on the very month this was happening 60 years ago, we actually are talking about this par-ticular event and desiring to secure these areas so that the history of this country will be remembered to its full-est extent. One of our staffers in the committee who helped in the drafting of this bill had the opportunity of having lunch with one of those Little Rock Nine. His essay won, and his reward was to have a chance to actually meet one of these heroic young women who went to Lit-tle Rock’s Central High School 60-plus years ago. This is significant, and I cannot think of this story without in some way feeling choked up inside because I know what it must have been like for those kids to go there, and I know what it must have been like to be part of that milieu. This was historic. They were true heroes. They were truly brave kids who took this event on and did it with such aplomb. They need to be remembered. That is why I am happy that this bill is coming forward, so that we can ex-pand the horizon and we can expand the area of this historic site so that we can make sure that this will be a pro-tected area, so that the history will not be forgotten and so what these kids did in that very historic year of 1957 and 1958 in Little Rock will not be for-gotten, and so the significance and the conviction those kids had and the expe-rience they had to go through can be remembered and that we can never again go back there. We could never again replicate that area, and we will move forward in the area of civil rights as well as education. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to be here to support this bill. I am going to ask my colleagues to support this bill be-cause it says so much about us, about our commitments, about our priorities, and about what we want to do, and it says so much about what is good in this country. This is the primary ex-ample of what we are attempting to do. Once again, Mr. Speaker, we appre-ciate all those who have spoken on be-half of this particular bill, those who have worked on this bill, and those who have sponsored this bill. This bill is something I think is really significant. It says something that is very positive about this country and helps us to re-member that which is positive about this country. Mr. Speaker, I am urging all my col-leagues to support this, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2611. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the fur-ther consideration of H.R. 3354. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
ILL). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 504 and rule 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.049 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7254 September 12, 2017 
XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 3354. Will the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) kindly take the chair. b1412 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 3354) making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes, with Mr. M
CCLINTOCK  (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose on Friday, September 8, 2017, a request for a re-corded vote on amendment No. 77 printed in House Report 115–297 offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. N
ORMAN ) had been postponed. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . 
CULBERSON OF TEXAS  
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, pursuant to section 3 of House Resolu-tion 504, as the designee of Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN , I offer amendments en bloc No. 3 as part of consideration of division C of H.R. 3354. The list of amendments included in the en bloc, Mr. Chairman, is at the desk and has been agreed to by both sides. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. Amendments en bloc No. 3 consisting of amendment Nos. 81, 82, 84, 86, 88, 89, 90, 92, 93, 95, 96, 97, 98, 99, 100, 102, 103, 107, 110, and 111 printed in House Re-port 115–297, offered by Mr. C
ULBERSON  of Texas: 
AMENDMENT NO . 81 OFFERED BY MR . CASTRO OF  
TEXAS  Page 251, line 11, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $13,000,000) (increased by $13,000,000)’’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 82 OFFERED BY MR . REICHERT  
OF WASHINGTON  Page 249, line 4, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1)’’. Page 250, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1)’’. Page 269, line 22, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000)’’. Page 291, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. Page 291, line 17, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. Page 292, line 11, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 84 OFFERED BY MRS . DEMINGS  
OF FLORIDA  Page 252, line 7, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. Page 264, line 13, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 86 OFFERED BY MR . COURTNEY  
OF CONNECTICUT  Page 258, line 7, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000)’’. AMENDMENT NO . 88 OFFERED BY MR . LIPINSKI OF  
ILLINOIS  Page 260, line 1, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $10,100,000) (increased by $10,100,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 89 OFFERED BY MR . LIPINSKI OF  
ILLINOIS  Page 260, line 1, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,200,000) (increased by $1,200,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 90 OFFERED BY MS . BONAMICI  
OF OREGON  Page 260, line 1, after the dollar amount in-sert ‘‘(increased by $21,775,000) (reduced by $21,775,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 92 OFFERED BY MS . BONAMICI  
OF OREGON  Page 260, line 1, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduce by $5,000,000) (increase by $5,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 93 OFFERED BY MR . BUCHANAN  
OF FLORIDA  Page 260, line 1, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $8,000,000)’’. Page 264, line 13, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $8,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 95 OFFERED BY MRS . DEMINGS  
OF FLORIDA  Page 269, line 22, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. Page 296, line 7, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 96 OFFERED BY MS . MICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM OF NEW MEXICO  Page 269, line 22, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. Page 291, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. Page 291, line 17, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 97 OFFERED BY MR . CASTRO OF  
TEXAS  Page 269, line 22, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,500,000)’’. Page 298, line 7, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $2,500,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 98 OFFERED BY MR . NORMAN OF  
SOUTH CAROLINA  Page 269, line 22, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $7,000,000)’’. Page 291, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $7,000,000)’’. Page 294, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $7,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 99 OFFERED BY MS . MCSALLY  
OF ARIZONA  Page 269, line 22, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000)’’. Page 291, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. Page 292, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 100 OFFERED BY MR . ISSA OF  
CALIFORNIA  Page 276, line 22, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000)’’. Page 291, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. Page 293, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. Page 293, line 20, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 102 OFFERED BY MR . COHEN OF  
TENNESSEE  Page 280, line 21, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(decreased by $4,000,000)’’. Page 298, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $4,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 103 OFFERED BY MS . BROWNLEY  
OF CALIFORNIA  Page 280, line 21, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $3,000,000)’’. Page 291, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $3,000,000)’’. Page 294, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $3,000,000)’’. Page 295, line 9, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $3,000,000)’’. AMENDMENT NO . 107 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE OF TEXAS  Page 282, line 11, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $500,000)’’. Page 286, line 3, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $500,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 110 OFFERED BY MR . CICILLINE  
OF RHODE ISLAND  Page 294, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $100,000,000) (increased by $100,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 111 OFFERED BY MR . MURPHY  
OF PENNSYLVANIA  Page 295, line 1, strike ‘‘$12,000,000’’ and in-sert ‘‘$14,000,000’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ULBERSON ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. S
ERRANO ) each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. b1415 Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, I am in support of the en bloc amendments. We have worked on it jointly, and I support all of the amendments that are included in the en bloc. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. R
OSEN ). Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my colleague Congress-woman J
ULIA BROWNLEY ’s amendment to increase funding for veterans treat-ment courts. Veterans courts keep our heroes struggling with addiction or a mental health condition from going to jail, in-stead providing them with the care they need and a second chance. Our Nation’s military is returning home from a decade and a half of war with invisible wounds: PTSD, depres-sion, TBI, trauma, and more. Research-ers are continuing to find links be-tween substance abuse and combat-re-lated mental health struggles. Specialized drug court participants are significantly less likely than non-participants to relapse or later commit crimes. By keeping veterans out of prisons, focusing on rehabilitation and sobriety, these programs offer long- term solutions rather than short-sighted punishments. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to join me in voting ‘‘yes’’ for this amendment. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. N
ORMAN ). Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to seek support for my en bloc amendment to H.R. 3354. As we all know, drug overdose deaths in our country have dramatically in-creased since the turn of the century. Over the past decade alone, overdose deaths have increased by more than 400 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Dec 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\SEPTEMBER\H12SE7.REC H12SE7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7255 September 12, 2017 
percent. In 2015, more Americans died from opioids than in the Vietnam war. Mr. Chairman, that is astonishing. This is a national emergency. I have seen the effects firsthand in my dis-trict. In 2016, nearly one-fifth of all opioid-related deaths in South Carolina took place in my district. My amendment would provide more funds to opioid prevention by transfer-ring $7 million from the DOJ General Administration account to the opioid abuse reduction activities. More than ever, we must provide as much funding as possible to defeat this national epi-demic. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to join me in combating this crisis. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Or-egon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ). Ms. BONAMICI. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of the en bloc amendment, which in-cludes my amendments to increase funding for the ocean acidification pro-gram and increase coastal monitoring and assessment of algal blooms. Oregon’s economic vitality is depend-ent on the ocean economy. Ocean acidi-fication and harmful algal blooms threaten ocean health, the tourism in-dustry, and our valuable fisheries. Communities along the coasts are vulnerable to the effects of our chang-ing climate. I applaud NOAA’s acidifi-cation program and coastal monitoring and assessment programs that give our coastal community the tools they need to understand and address these threats. I thank the chairman and ranking member for including these amend-ments and for their hard work on this bill. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I wish to address the gentlewoman’s comments, very briefly. I want to thank the gentlewoman for bringing this matter to the House’s at-tention. Harmful algal blooms are an important issue, especially to the State of Florida. We know how dan-gerous they are and the terrible effect they have had on our friends in Flor-ida, who are already suffering the ef-fects of this hurricane. Our prayers and thoughts are with them. All of us in Houston understand the severity of the problem they face, and we are praying for them and look forward to helping them in any way we can. I will certainly continue to work with the gentlewoman on this issue that she brings to the House’s atten-tion. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. R
EICHERT ). Mr. REICHERT. I thank the chair for yielding and for all his hard work in working together with us to address the issue of gun crime in this country. As everyone knows, over the last sev-eral years especially, high-profile shootings and violent crime have caught the attention of Americans all across this country and sparked a de-bate about what should be done to re-duce gang violence and gun crime in the United States. Well, the truth is, there is an answer and a proven solution that actually worked for many years when I was the sheriff in King County in Seattle, Washington. It is a program called Project Safe Neighborhoods. It was first the Safe Cities Initiative by the Clinton-Gore administration and then changed to Project Safe Neighborhoods under George Bush. Through strong partnerships, Fed-eral, State, and local governments cre-ated local gun crime reduction task forces and form coalitions with other agencies, community groups, and citi-zens committed to reducing gun crime. Between 2001 and 2009, when data was collected on the program, cities that were first to implement the program achieved a significant decline in vio-lent crime. We need to fund this program. The data and the statistics that were col-lected that show this is a proven solu-tion was ignored by the previous ad-ministration. Despite the high rates of success for cities that have imple-mented the program, funding for the program has steadily decreased. My amendment to increase funding for Project Safe Neighborhoods is fully offset by a reduction to the General Administration account at the Depart-ment of Justice. Mr. Chairman, I urge all Members to support this amendment. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, I would just like to take a moment to say to my friend that my prayers and my thoughts are with him, his family, his constituents, Texas, Florida, the Caribbean, South Carolina, my birth-place of Puerto Rico, and all the other folks who have been through this very difficult time. I intend to use my vote on appropria-tions in whatever way it can to serve to help those communities as they get back on the road to recovery. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the en bloc amend-ment. It is made up of noncontroversial items that we have worked out with the minority, and I urge its adoption. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. Lipinski. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my two amendments included in the en bloc package being considered for Division C of H.R. 3354 I want to thank Chairman CULBER -
SON and Ranking Member S ERRANO for their leadership on this division, and for including these amendments in the en bloc package. These bipartisan amendments, cosponsored by me and my friend Mr. L
OBIONDO of New Jersey, protect critical functions at the National Weather Service. The Weather Service is es-sential to so much of what we do. From its critical functions like helping us predict, pre-pare for, and ride out extreme weather events to its everyday functions like telling us whether or not to carry an umbrella, life without up-to- date weather information is hard to imagine. My first amendment (No. 89) directs the Na-tional Weather Service not to cut $1.2 million from the Climate Prediction Center. one of its National Centers for Environmental Protection The Service is further directed not to consoli-date the functions of the Climate Prediction Center into the Weather Prediction Center. Keeping these two centers separate recog-nizes the essential and very different services each one provides. The medium- and long- term predictions offered by the Climate Pre-diction Center are used for planning by di-verse industries including transportation, agri-culture, energy, and public health. Its global datasets are used by the Department of De-fense and the U.S. Agency for International Development to understand international phe-nomena like flood and drought that could im-pact food supplies and regional stability. My second amendment (No. 88) directs the National Weather Service not to cut $10.1 mil-lion from its budget for Information Technology Officers, and to maintain an on-site IT Officer at each Weather Forecast Office. These offi-cers do software maintenance, technical sys-tems upgrades, and develop software and data products to meet local office needs. Ac-cording to the Weather Service’s assessment of its performance during Hurricane Matthew (2016), ‘‘[Weather Forecast Offices] were unanimous in their support of having a local [IT Officer] present to address issues before, during, and after hurricane season.’’ In addi-tion, a significant number of IT Officers are also trained, experienced meteorologists who can augment the forecasting staff during ex-treme weather. I think all of my colleagues can agree that supporting the National Weather Service is more important now than ever and I urge sup-port for these amendments and for the en bloc package. Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of the Minority Business Development Agency, the MBDA. My amendment, number 84, which is included in the en bloc amend-ment, would increase funding for the MBDA by $5 million in Fiscal Year 2018. With three MBDA Business Centers in Flor-ida, including one in my home district, we in Florida understand the value the MBDA pro-vides. In 2012, Florida had the third highest number of minority-owned businesses, in the country, with a high concentration of: African American-owned firms; Native American- owned firms; Asian American-owned firms; Hispanic American-owned firms; and Native Hawaiian & Pacific Islander-owned firms. All that rely on the assistance of the MBDA. For 48 years, the MBDA has been the only government agency focused solely on fos-tering the growth and development of minority- owned businesses; identifying and assisting to overcome the barriers to economic growth. According to the 2007 U.S. Census Bu-reau’s Survey on Business Owners, minority- owned businesses contributed $1 trillion in economic growth to the $16 trillion U.S. econ-omy, and employed 6 million Americans. Addi-tionally, minority-owned businesses are twice as likely to generate sales through exports, compared to non-minority owned firms, due to their language and cultural ties. While their economic contributions are sig-nificant, minority-owned businesses struggle in acquiring private capital and securing govern-ment contracts at disproportionate rates, com-pared to non-minority owned businesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.053 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7256 September 12, 2017 
Studies have also shown that minority loan- seekers are given less information on loan terms and offered less help with their loan ap-plications. They are also denied loans at three times higher than non-minority firms. The MBDA assists minority-owned busi-nesses in: financing, joint ventures, and more. Firms assisted by MBDA secure an average of $5.4 billion dollars in contracts and invest-ments. Given this significant contribution to the U.S. economy, it is vital to support the work done by the MBDA to grow our nation’s 8.5 million minority-owned business. I want to thank Chairman C
ULBERSON and Ranking Member S
ERRANO for including this amendment in the en bloc amendment. I would also like to thank my colleagues, Rep-resentatives B
UTTERFIELD , JACKSON LEE, and V
ELA´ZQUEZ for their co-sponsorship of my amendment, and for their previous work on these important issues. Mr. Chair, the en bloc amendment also in-cludes my amendment, number 95, which in-creases funding for the Office of Juvenile Jus-tice Programs’ Youth Mentoring Grants by $5 million—restoring those grants to the Fiscal Year 2017 enacted level. These grants allow local jurisdictions to de-velop, expand or sustain youth mentoring ef-forts using evidence-based best practices. Mr. Chair, improving outcomes for disadvan-taged youth requires more than simply ex-panding opportunities at school, because the challenges they face often extend beyond the schoolhouse door. In my 27 years in law enforcement, I saw this first-hand. As Chief of Police for the City of Orlando, Florida, I had the honor of found-ing Operation Positive Direction—a program through which OPD Officers mentor Orlando youths. Across the nation, youth participating in these programs show improvements in their perception of social support and acceptance, their family relationships and a decrease in antisocial behaviors. Youth that meet regularly with their mentors are 46 percent less likely to start using illegal drugs, and youth that face opportunity gaps, but have a mentor are 55 percent more likely to go to college. Again, I want to thank Chairman C
ULBERSON  and Ranking Member S
ERRANO for including amendment number 95 in the en bloc amend-ment as well. I would also like to thank my colleagues, Representatives L
ANGEVIN and B
UTTERFIELD , not only for their co-sponsorship of my amendment, but for their continued leadership on these issues. I urge all my colleagues to support the en bloc amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
UL-
BERSON ). The en bloc amendments were agreed to. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of Chairman F
RELING -
HUYSEN , I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield to gentleman from Washington (Mr. R
EICHERT ), my good friend. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise for the purpose of engaging in a col-loquy with the chairman about the COPS Hiring Program. Managed by the Office of Community Oriented Policing Services, or COPS, the COPS Hiring Program is vital to State and local law enforcement agen-cies. The program provides our commu-nities with the much-needed funding to hire law enforcement officers and meet public safety demands. Since its beginning, the COPS Hiring Program has placed more than 129,000 officers in communities across the United States to advance policing and crime prevention efforts. Make no mistake, these officers are necessary for the safety of our neigh-borhoods, constituents, and loved ones. Staffing challenges not only jeopardize the safety of our men and women in uniform, but also directly lead to the breakdown and trust between law en-forcement and our communities. From my over 33 years of experience in law enforcement, I know that police departments and sheriffs’ offices must have the staff necessary to engage with their communities and proactively re-spond to their needs, instead of run-ning from one call to the next. COPS Hiring is a proven program that studies have shown reduces crime without a corresponding increase in ar-rests. Effective policing lowers crime rates and builds strong community re-lationships. Throughout my time in Congress, I have been fighting to keep this program funded. It is the same this year. While I appreciate that the bill be-fore us includes a $100 million increase for Byrne-JAG law enforcement grant program, and I thank the chairman for his efforts, I am disappointed that it doesn’t provide funding for the COPS Hiring Program. As this process moves forward, I urge the chairman to include funding for the COPS Hiring Program. We must con-tinue this program that has been so important to State and local law en-forcement. This program is not just good for those who put their lives on the line every day, but it benefits all citizens as our country works to bridge the gap between law enforcement and the communities they serve. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague from Washington for his service to the people of Seattle, the people in his State, his service here, and for his devotion to this pro-gram. I absolutely recognize the impor-tance of the COPS Hiring Program and what an important impact it has had on the safety of local communities. We are especially grateful to our first re-sponders in southeast Texas, southwest Louisiana, and the people of Florida. I don’t know what we would do without our first responders. Our police officers and firemen have done a magnificent job in the wake of these terrible storms that we have had. Given the staffing shortages and the current issues facing our law enforce-ment, the COPS program is especially important. As you know, the Senate has funded the COPS program in its bill, and I look forward to working with the gentleman to make sure the COPS program is funded in conference. Mr. REICHERT. I thank the chair-man, and I just mention that I know in my heart his compassion and dedica-tion to the men and women who wear the uniform across our country. I look forward to working with him in mak-ing sure the COPS program is funded once again. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 83 printed in House Report 115–297. It is now in order to consider amend-ment No. 85 printed in House Report 115–297. AMENDMENT NO . 87 OFFERED BY MRS . TORRES  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 87 printed in House Report 115–297. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 258, line 17, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. Page 258, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. Page 269, line 22, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. T
ORRES ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from California. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer my amendment to this appro-priations bill. Mr. Chairman, since I have been in Congress, I have been working with manufacturers in my congressional dis-trict to ensure that we are doing all we can in Congress to support them in cre-ating good-paying, high-skilled jobs right here at home. Last month, I took a ‘‘Made in the 35th’’ tour and traveled across my dis-trict, meeting with manufacturers who are creating jobs here in the U.S. They told me about how they are competing with importers from Asia and an unfair playing field created by how our trad-ing partners support their manufactur-ers. I continued my tour to the Port of Los Angeles, where it became clearer where this unfair playing field has left us. Ships from Asia come in full and leave empty. Mr. Chairman, the ships that leave Los Angeles should be full of Amer-ican-made goods. This is the goal of the Manufacturing Extension Partnership, or MEP: supporting American busi-nesses through expanding markets and supporting innovation. Two of the nine MEP success stories in California have happened in my con-gressional district. Insulfoam in Chino used the MEP to increase production by 20 percent, while reducing their en-ergy costs by more than 5 percent. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE7.037 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7257 September 12, 2017 
Diamond Wipes, a very impressive company that I visited on my Made in the 35th tour, used the MEP to expand their wet wipes business to markets around the world. A small investment in MEP meant real wins and expansions for these real American businesses. b1430 Mr. Chairman, this amendment is common sense. For every dollar of MEP investment, we can generate nearly $20 million in new sales growth and $20 in new client investment. That is a $100 million return on my amend-ment. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment because that investment could end up in one of our commu-nities. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the congresswoman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY). Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in support of this amend-ment to increase funding for the Manu-facturing Extension Partnership, the MEP program. This amendment would restore $5 million to MEP, which has helped U.S. manufacturers create and retain good jobs in Connecticut and in every State in the country over nearly 30 years. Connecticut’s MEP, the Connecticut State Technical Extension Program, or CONNSTEP, works with facilities in Connecticut advising them on ways to grow their businesses. And thanks to partnerships with CONNSTEP, in my district alone, Metallon in Thomaston has increased new sales by nearly a half a million dollars, Metallurgical Processing in New Britain increased production by 20 percent, and RTR Technologies in Canaan increased sales by $6 million. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to restore funding to MEP by $5 mil-lion, because passing a budget that grows the economy and retains and brings good jobs to our communities is exactly what we were sent to Wash-ington, D.C., to do. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support Representative T
ORRES ’ amendment. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the gentlewoman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I have no particular objection to the amendment other than I am concerned about the offset. We need to make sure the Department of Justice has all the resources they need in order to protect this country. I am concerned about taking it out of General Administra-tion. However, I am prepared to let the amendment go. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Chairman, I yield the balance of my time to the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. S
ERRANO ), the ranking member of the sub-committee. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment, and I commend the authors for offering it. This effective program funds a series of centers that help small- and me-dium-sized manufacturers to develop new products, attract new customers, and reduce protection costs. Because this bill received an inad-equate allocation, the chairman was forced to partially agree with the President’s efforts to undermine our manufacturing sector, and the bill cur-rently contains a cut of $30 million from the MEP program. This amend-ment provides an important downpay-ment in restoring funding for this im-portant program. We will have to do better down the line, but this is a good start. Mr. Chairman, I urge Members to support the amendment. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Chairman, I have no further speakers, and I am prepared to close. Mr. Chairman, this is a $5 million in-vestment for manufacturers in the U.S., and I strongly ask for the support of my colleagues in passing this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from California (Mrs. TORRES ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 91 OFFERED BY MR . MCKINLEY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 91 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 260, line 1, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
CKINLEY ) and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia. Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, the Environmental Security Computing Center within NOAA—the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion—utilizes high-performance com-puting technology to quickly process information from weather satellites and to predict the path of a hurricane or the extent of damage a wildfire can create. As recent events have shown, weather events can have a devastating impact on the lives of our fellow Amer-icans. In late July, northern West Virginia experienced unexpected flooding that placed eight counties under a state of emergency. Nearly 1,000 homes and businesses were damaged or destroyed, and, tragically, two individuals lost their lives. This was an unexpected flow of water. Recently, Hurricanes Harvey and Irma have destroyed thousands of homes and communities, which will re-quire a massive influx of Federal re-sources to rebuild. This Congress has the responsibility to ensure the accu-racy and viability of the weather and climate monitoring work performed by the security center. One of the most important systems NOAA uses to process this data is its high-performance computing assets, such as NOAA’s Environmental Secu-rity Computer Center. My amendment provides funding to complete the build- out for that facility that NOAA has initiated. Completing the build-out will support the supercomputer sys-tems that NOAA uses to process and re-port this important and critical weath-er model data. What we are witnessing during this hurricane season, Mr. Chairman, dem-onstrates just how important passage of this amendment is to our Nation, and we are going to have reliable infor-mation provided to us. So I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from West Virginia (Mr. MCKIN-
LEY). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 94 OFFERED BY MS . ROSEN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 94 printed in House Report 115–297. Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 264, line 13, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $18,000,000)’’. Page 314, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $18,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. R
OSEN ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Nevada. Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment to increase funding to the National Science Foun-dation’s Computer and Information Science and Engineering research di-rectorate, commonly known as CISE. CISE supports research in com-puting, communications, information science, and engineering. Through their NSF-supported work, our Na-tion’s scientists have been able to de-velop innovative solutions to energy, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.056 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7258 September 12, 2017 
advanced manufacturing, national se-curity, healthcare, and personal com-munications. CISE also provides advanced cyber infrastructure for all areas of science and engineering, and it contributes to the education and training of computer engineers, ensuring our future genera-tions are well equipped with the skills they need in an increasingly competi-tive global market. In Nevada and across the country, we are continuing to see a huge demand for workers in the tech industry, in-cluding software developers, analysts, engineers, and computer programmers like myself. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the computing indus-try’s rate of job creation in the U.S. is now three times the national average. In order for our workforce to continue to push the boundaries, we must invest in research and training programs at NSF. CISE is particularly important be-cause it provides funding for cutting- edge computing and information science research, which is critical to innovation in nearly all lines of work from business to government. Simply put, the 21st century runs on computers and constantly evolving technologies. As one of the few women in Congress to build her career in STEM, I know all too well the demand for talent in STEM is real, and we must make smart investments now. Current CISE projects across the country include developing unmanned aerial systems technology to help re-duce wildfires, creating new clinical modeling techniques to use electronic health records for personalized patient care, and strengthening our cyber in-frastructure. In my district, the University of Ne-vada, Las Vegas is using CISE funding for several groundbreaking initiatives. One of their projects focuses on in-creasing the participation of students with disabilities in computer science courses by creating accessible tools and curricula, preparing professors for diverse students. UNLV is also partnering with the local Clark County School District to mentor high school teachers on com-puter science, cybersecurity, and big data. Mr. Chairman, this current bill main-tains fiscal year 2017 level funding for NSF research and related activities, which CISE is funded through. That is admirable, given the fact that Presi-dent Trump’s proposed budget slashed NSF research. Maintaining level fund-ing shows shared, bipartisan support for scientific research right here in Congress. I thank the majority and the sub-committee chairman for recognizing the importance of supporting computer and information science. However, even with this funding level, according to agency leadership, the NSF has had to deny over $2 billion worth of excellent proposals every year, indicating the fact that it is underfunded. If we are going to be serious about competing in the economy of tomorrow and the economy of today, then we must continue funding programs that help our country to remain the global leader in innovation, productivity, eco-nomic growth, and provide good-paying jobs for the future. My amendment would increase fund-ing to CISE by 2 percent, allowing it to keep up with year-over-year inflation and fund the same number of grants as previous years. This level funding in real dollars is the least we can do to re-main globally competitive in computer science and engineering. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to join me in voting ‘‘yes’’ for this amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, we have, as you know, an extremely dif-ficult budget year. Our constituent’s hard-earned tax dollars are being stretched farther and thinner than ever, particularly in light of the disas-ters that struck Texas and southwest Louisiana and now Florida. We have, in our Commerce, Justice, Science bill, protected America’s in-vestment and basic research through the National Science Foundation and its main grant account, the Research and Related Activities account. We have funded the Research and Re-lated Activities account at $672 million this year. We recognize that America’s leadership in the world is grounded, in large part, on the innovations and dis-coveries that are made by unrestrained scientific research. I am a very strong supporter of the National Science Foundation’s sci-entific research. And while we would like to see higher levels of funding for the National Science Foundation for NASA and for other science-related re-search in this bill, until the Congress comes to an overall budget agreement, Mr. Chairman, we simply do not have additional funds, and we must live within our means. The proposed offset that is offered by this amendment would seriously hinder program and financial oversight over the Department of Commerce and could result in professionals being let go. Further, with respect to the gentle-woman’s statement, I believe it is im-portant that we defer to the National Science Foundation to distribute any additional funds according to the high-est priority needs identified by the sci-entific community and not designate them for a specific directorate. b1445 Should the gentlewoman’s amend-ment pass, the funds will be added to the research and related activities ac-count, in general. It will then be up to NSF to determine how those additional funds are spent according to the needs of the scientific community, that the offset is very damaging to the Depart-ment of Commerce and the important work they do, in fact, the constitu-tionally mandated work that they do, to provide for the decennial census of the United States. Mr. Chairman, I urge Members to op-pose the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Nevada (Ms. R
OSEN ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 101 OFFERED BY MR . COHEN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 101 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 277, line 4, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000)’’. Page 320, line 7, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. C
OHEN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to speak in support of our bipar-tisan amendment, which would in-crease Legal Services funding by $10 million. I am willing to withdraw this amendment after my colleagues and I take a brief moment to speak about Legal Services. I know that the chair and the ranking member support Legal Services and may be able to help, but at some time in the future. Our justice system is the envy of the world. Whenever we travel, people say what they really respect about Amer-ica is the rule of law and our justice system, but it takes professional help by an attorney to navigate it. When they are poor—which most people don’t have legal training—they are not going to be able to successfully compete against a private attorney on the other side. They need help. If they don’t have that help, the justice system is not fair. Legal Services helps ensure equal justice under the law. It helps all kind of folks: military families, homeowners and renters, families with children, the disabled, and the elderly. It is vital all over the country, but in places like Houston, residents struggle from Hurricane Harvey. Lone Star Legal Aid, which is partially funded by Legal Services, is helping people navi-gate the legal hurdles when people need them most so that they can get their lives back. Mr. K
ENNEDY has been a strong sup-porter of this. He was supposed to be here today, but I think he has been de-tained. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.061 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7259 September 12, 2017 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Chairman, every year for 42 years, Congress has funded the Legal Services Corporation so that low-income Americans might realize our country’s solemn pledge of justice for all. For military families, homeowners and renters, families with children, the disabled, the elderly, and nearly 112,000 veterans, investment in civil legal aid is one of the most effec-tive ways to help Americans navigate the justice system. The Legal Services Corporation al-lows millions of Americans to safe-guard their basic legal rights at a mini-mal cost to the Federal Government. As the late Justice Antonin Scalia em-phasized in 2014: ‘‘ . . . this organiza-tion pursues the most fundamental of American ideals, and it pursues equal justice in those areas of life most im-portant to the lives of our citizens.’’ This organization provides direct grants to legal aid providers across our Nation, including eight organizations in my home State of Pennsylvania. I am proud to support the Legal Services Corporation, which allows people ac-cess to justice even when they cannot afford representation. We must con-tinue this program. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for his help. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr. S
ERRANO ), the ranking member of the Appropriations Subcommittee. Mr. S
ERRANO has helped me on other amendments as well as this one. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I feel comfortable with Mr. C
OHEN withdrawing his amendment because I know the chair-man, Mr. C
ULBERSON , is very sup-portive of this program. It is interesting to note that this pro-gram was born in a bipartisan fashion, with President Nixon, at that time, being the main supporter of it. The bill only provides $300 million for Legal Services, which is a cut of $85 million from fiscal year 2017. This amendment provides a downpayment towards restoring these cuts, and I commend the authors for offering it. We should not be cutting LSC fund-ing at a time when more people than ever qualify for these services. Legal aid providers always must turn away more than half of eligible applicants. They already do that, and these cuts would only create a bigger problem. Very briefly, in closing, there are a lot of issues that we can discuss that make America great. One of them is the right to legal representation. If you can’t afford it, then this is where pro-grams like Legal Services come in and support. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. BROOKS ), my good friend and colleague. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in support of the gentleman from Tennessee’s amendment. As a democracy founded on the belief in the rule of law, I am a proud co- chair of the House Access to Civil Legal Services Caucus with my col-league from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EN-
NEDY ). I believe we have an obligation to en-sure that all Americans have access to legal representation in order to uphold the values upon which our Nation was founded: equality and justice under our laws. This amendment will ensure that Legal Services Corporation can con-tinue supporting those values by pro-viding legal support to the millions of Americans who would otherwise go without it whenever they might face serious legal challenges. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman withdrawing the amendment. I want to express my support for the work the Legal Serv-ices Corporation does. When we reach a budget agreement throughout the Congress for Legal Services, we will work with you in con-ference to help make sure they have the funds that they need to do their vital work to defend abused women, veterans, and members of the military who need assistance. They do impor-tant work. As soon as we find some extra room, I will work with you in conference to find them some extra support. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. C
ULBERSON for his help, and Mrs. B
ROOKS for her leadership. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time, and I withdraw the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. The Chair understands that amend-ment No. 104 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 105 OFFERED BY MR . GROTHMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 105 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 281, line 11, insert ‘‘(reduced by $64,688,800)’’ after the dollar amount. Page 347, line 16, insert ‘‘(increased by $64,688,800)’’ after the dollar amount. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment to H.R. 3354. Since we last met, we began spend-ing, I guess, a new $15 billion on the tragedies in Florida and Texas. I haven’t had a chance to see how all of my colleagues are doing, but I sure hope that we are getting nothing but amendments designed to reduce spend-ing to make up for the difference. I hope that is so. I am looking at the Bureau of Alco-hol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives. I am on the Government Oversight Committee. We recently had another hearing on Fast and Furious. I don’t think there has been enough contrition there at all. This was, I think, probably the biggest scandal in my lifetime, and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Fire-arms and Explosives has to consider themselves to be a big part of that scandal. Being from Wisconsin, I am also fa-miliar with a local scandal we had there. If you google ‘‘ATF’’ and ‘‘Mil-waukee,’’ you will find a situation in which they were selling guns which they shouldn’t have been selling and buying guns which they shouldn’t have been buying. So there is another reason why we should look at the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explo-sives. Despite these scandals, their funding has gone nothing but up over the last few years. We are, in this budget, look-ing to borrow between 13 to 14 percent of this budget, and that is before we begin to have to spend money on the Florida and Texas hurricanes. I am introducing a bill with a mild 5 percent across-the-board cut to ATF. President Trump had wanted a smaller increase. The Appropriations Com-mittee went $20 million over what President Trump wanted. I don’t think that is right. I think they need a little bit of a slap-down here. I am looking to reduce the amount of spending on this organization by $64 million. I think that is very appro-priate given the scandals that they have been involved in. It is very appro-priate given that we are borrowing 14 percent of our money. In the sane world, we would almost take every agency down 14 percent. We don’t have time for that, but this agency, based on their behavior, seems in favor of that. I know some people are going to probably not want to cut anything here. We just heard in the last amend-ment that it appears like some people want to go up. I think this is a modest decrease, and I think they should have no problem finding this small amount of money. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment, remembering that, first and foremost, the appropriations an-nual operating budget of the United States represents only 30 cents out of every dollar spent by the Federal Gov-ernment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.064 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7260 September 12, 2017 
I am keenly aware of how precious and hard-earned and scarce every dol-lar earned by our constituents is. We need to focus on the 70 percent: the automatic pilot programs, the looming insolvency of Social Security, Medi-care, and Medicaid. That is how we can really get our budget balanced. We have done our part on the Appro-priations Committee to bring down an-nual spending every year, and the ATF, in particular, plays an important role in protecting America’s Second Amendment rights. You must remem-ber that the ATF is now under the di-rection of Attorney General Jeff Ses-sions, who shares with us a passion for protecting Americans’ Second Amend-ment rights. This amendment would cause serious damage to ATF’s ability to end the backlogs. The ATF would not be able to speed up the processing of the Na-tional Firearms Act applications. The ATF would not be able to beef up the National Integrated Ballistic Informa-tion Network, which is so vital to help police officers identify the source of the bullet used in a crime. This amendment would injure an agency that is doing good work today under the leadership of Attorney Gen-eral Jeff Sessions to protect our Sec-ond Amendment rights. Mr. Chairman, I urge Members to oppose it. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. S
ERRANO ), my col-league, the ranking member on the Commerce-Justice-Science Sub-committee. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. This reduction would have a signifi-cant impact on public safety. The ATF would be investigating fewer firearm traffickers and violent gangs. They would be unable to respond effectively to theft burglaries from Federal fire-arms licensees. These cuts would weak-en the ATF’s ability to do its primary responsibilities: combat violent crime and regulate the firearms and explosive industries. Not surprisingly, a reduction of this magnitude would result in approxi-mately 400 employees being laid off. According to the ATF, that means they would have to eliminate approximately 200 special agents, 65 industry oper-ations investigators, and 135 profes-sional technical positions. The elimi-nation of these positions at ATF di-rectly degrades the Department’s ca-pacity to combat violent firearm crimes and regulate the firearms and explosives industries. I just think that this is not a proper amendment at this time or, for that matter, at any time, and I join the chairman in agreeing on this. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chairman, I am going to disagree a little bit with one of those past statements. We have heard the statement made, sometimes behind closed doors by a lot of people, and that is we have an in-crease of discretionary spending over the last 3 years. This is a mild cut this year, but over the last 3 years, collec-tively, it is an increase, 3 or 4 years. There are some people who feel that we shouldn’t scrutinize that spending because so much of our budget is man-datory spending. I do feel that we need a larger cut in mandatory spending than the rather modest cut that came out of the Budget Committee, and I hope everybody in our Conference will demand a more significant cut in man-datory spending. But, nevertheless, discretionary spending is 30 percent of the budget. Common sense will tell you that, as things become more technology ori-ented, it should be easier for an agency that processes data, like the ATF, to do their business with a little bit less money. And one more time I will emphasize that there haven’t been cuts to reflect these scandals in the ATF, and I think that, if we are not going to kind of slap them on the wrist now, when will we? Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I urge Members to oppose this amend-ment. ATF is doing a good job of protecting our Second Amendment rights, and this amendment would injure them se-verely. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin will be postponed. b1500 
AMENDMENT NO . 106 OFFERED BY MR . GROTHMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 106 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chair, as the designee of the gentleman from Colo-rado (Mr. B
UCK), I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 281, line 17, strike ‘‘none of the’’ and insert ‘‘such’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chair, as men-tioned, this amendment was actually drafted by Representative B
UCK from Colorado. I understand this amendment passed on a voice vote last time. I do have a nice speech that Rep-resentative BUCK’s office has prepared for me, but I am not going to read a speech that is not my speech. I am sure it is a wonderful speech. I hope the chairman allows this amendment in. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong opposition to this very mis-guided amendment. This amendment would allow felons and other dangerous individuals to try to regain the ability to own guns by sending an application to the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives. I am not sure why the Member would offer an amendment that makes it easi-er for felons to get guns. Most Ameri-cans would be shocked by such a pro-posal. Each year since 1993, Congress has prohibited ATF from processing ap-plications from felons seeking to have their gun rights restored, and with good reason. Prior to 1993, there were numerous examples of felons who had their gun rights restored by ATF only to go on to commit further crimes later. For ex-ample, in 1977, Michael Paul Dahnert of Wisconsin was convicted of burglary. In 1986, he was granted relief and al-lowed to, once again, own firearms. Two months later, he was rearrested and charged with first degree sexual as-sault and four counts of second degree sexual assault, for which he received 5 years in prison. In 1977, James Morgan was convicted of perjury to a grand jury. In 1988, he was granted relief and allowed to gain and own firearms. He was arrested that same year for first degree wanton endangerment and later sentenced to 6 months confinement and 2 years proba-tion. These are only a few examples. It is important to point out that the gentle-man’s amendment makes no distinc-tion as far as the seriousness of the of-fense for which the individual was ini-tially denied a firearm, and ATF would need to investigate all applications for gun rights restoration. Furthermore, simply processing these applications would require significant ATF agent resources and would divert ATF away from its core law enforcement mission of fighting firearm offenses. Since 1998, when the National Instant Criminal Background Check System was put in use, well over 1 million fire-arm transfers have been denied after background checks established that the individuals attempting to purchase the firearms were prohibited from processing firearms. Even if only 20 percent of the denied individuals file an application with ATF to have their gun rights restored, this would require the efforts of hun-dreds of full-time ATF agents to per-form background checks of these indi-viduals. The agents would be diverted 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.066 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7261 September 12, 2017 
from their primary law enforcement investigation. Even though ATF is legally required to ensure that the applicant ‘‘will not be likely to act in a manner dangerous to public safety,’’ we know that this process is not perfect, as evidenced by the examples I just gave. The bottom line is that this amend-ment would give guns back to felons and, at the same time, sharply reduce ATF’s resources for pursuing violent crime investigations. Both of these outcomes would seriously harm public safety, and for these reasons, I strongly urge my colleagues to reject this amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chair, I thank the Chairman for the opportunity to speak about my amend-ment to the Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Division of H.R. 3354. Mr. Chair, the right to bear arms is ingrained in our nation’s founding. These rights are given to us by God and guaranteed by the Constitution. But for many Americans, this right has been forfeited. And their only option for recourse has been taken away. When I was District Attorney in Northern Colorado I met a man who told me that when he was in college he bounced a check to his landlord. He pleaded guilty to a felony. Since that day, he has been a model cit-izen. He finished college. He worked hard and raised a family. This man made a mistake that is still haunt-ing him nearly 40 years later. He wants to take his grandchildren hunting. But he can’t possess a firearm because he made a mis-take in his youth. The worst part of this situation is that the law allows the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives to consider petitions to restore this man’s right to possess a fire-arm. However, for 25 years, the underlying bill has included a provision authored by then- Rep. S
CHUMER prohibiting ATF from proc-essing these applications. America is a land of second chances. We restore civil rights for those who have made mistakes in their past, including the right to vote in many states. We help our neighbors find employment after incarceration. Why should non-violent individuals who made a mistake in their past be prohibited from having their case heard? This amendment simply seeks to remove a 25-year-old ban on the ATF’s legal function to hear petitions from non-violent individuals like the man I mentioned earlier. To be clear, my amendment would not act as a rubber stamp on every application. The ATF must weigh the merits of each individual case. The burden is on the applicant to prove that he or she is nonviolent and does not pose a threat to the community. Any American who can prove to ATF they do not pose a danger to society should be al-lowed to state their case. They should be al-lowed to advocate for their rights. It is about time that we give these individ-uals that opportunity again. Mr. Chair, my amendment is simple. It would give nonviolent individuals who made a mistake in their past the opportunity for a sec-ond chance. It would allow a grandfather the opportunity to take his grandchildren hunting and provide a way for a mother to protect her home. To be clear, this amendment does not guar-antee that an applicant will have their rights restored. But it does give them hope, a chance to once again possess their Second Amendment rights. After all, America is the land of second chances. I thank the Chairman and urge my col-leagues to support my amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GROTHMAN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 108 OFFERED BY MR . COHEN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 108 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Chair, as the des-ignee of the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE), I have an amend-ment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 282, line 11, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000)’’. Page 283, line 3, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $20,000,000)’’. Page 296, line 7, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. C
OHEN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Chair, this amend-ment would reprogram $10 million from the prison account and put it in the ju-venile justice programs designed to re-duce recidivism, gang violence, and gun crimes. Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, a fellow member on the Judiciary Committee, has been a leader on this issue, and she is right in her approach, understanding that working with juveniles early will save money in the long run and see that they don’t get into the prison pipeline that so often takes young people and ruins their lives and costs our commu-nities and our taxpayers a great deal of money. Our Federal prisons are presently funded $7 billion for administration, operation, and maintenance. Twenty million dollars of that is made up for contract confinement. This amendment would reduce the account by $10 million and put it into juvenile justice programs that would reduce recidivism, gang violence, and gun crime. These juvenile justice programs that would get the benefit of this money would protect our most vulnerable children through treatment and men-toring programs. According to the Jus-tice Policy Institute, locking up juve-niles costs an average of $407 a day and $148,000 per person per year. There are a lot of conservative coali-tions, like FreedomWorks, American Conservative Union Foundation, and Taxpayers Protection Alliance that agree that mass incarceration is ex-tremely costly to taxpayers. This amendment invests in our youth population at the front end with re-wards on the back end, as these folks don’t end up in the prison system; sup-ports programs that have shown con-sistent success in curtailing gang vio-lence and gun crimes. Violence among our youth is a health epidemic that must be addressed; therefore, we must support profes-sionals that possess practical experi-ence in epidemic control for violence prevention, and that show success working with the most vulnerable and at-risk youth population when address-ing this health epidemic. Within the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention, the fol-lowing programs focus on violence pre-vention: Forum, Community Based Vi-olence Prevention, and Defending Childhood. The CBVP explicitly calls for and supports the health approach; hence, this amendment provides fund-ing for organizations such as commu-nity-based violence prevention pro-grams that have shown great success. Cure Violence, a health-based organi-zation operating in several cities and States, including Chicago and New York and Philadelphia and others, has shown great success and also shown success in Puerto Rico. They have had 100 percent reduction in homicide re-taliation in Chicago, a 41 to 73 percent drop in shootings in five of eight com-munities in Baltimore; they have had a 56 percent drop in killings, and 44 per-cent other places. In essence, this is putting money in a place where we can save money, save youths, save lives. Mr. Chair, I ask that we support this amendment that Ms. JACKSON LEEhas brought forth. It makes a lot of com-mon sense. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chair, this amendment would cut the Bureau of Prisons’ operations by $10 million. This is a serious cut. The Bureau of Prisons performs an essential function in keep-ing our streets safe and protecting the people of America. We have already funded the youth mentoring programs in our bill today at $75 million. It is 25 percent above the request, because of the value of these programs. I certainly agree with the gentleman that these programs are successful, they are effective, but the Department of Justice is not even finished awarding the grants from fiscal year 2017, and this program is very healthy. This program would also, Mr. Chair-man, eliminate a longstanding author-ity the Bureau of Prisons has had for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.070 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7262 September 12, 2017 
contract flexibility that enables the Bureau of Prisons to manage its con-tracts in a way that benefits both the agency and the taxpayer. This includes contracts for halfway houses, reentry facilities, and juvenile detention. This burden would strap the Bureau of Prisons, putting pressure on them and putting inmates in more danger, putting officers and staff in greater danger. If we want prisoners to get healthcare and rehabilitation, Mr. Chairman, and prisoners and staff to be safe, we have to adequately fund the Bureau of Prisons. Mr. Chair, I urge Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Chair, I understand Mr. C
ULBERSON ’s position and look for-ward to his help with legal services that will help juveniles, too. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, thank you for this opportunity to discuss Amendment 108 to the ‘‘CJS Appropriation Act of 2017’’. This amendment will save thousands of lives within our youth population by decreasing our federal prison funding of $7,070,248,000, available for the administration, operation and maintenance of Federal penal and correctional institutions. Of this amount, up to $20,000,000 is made available for the use of contract con-finement. My amendment seeks to reduce this ac-count by a mere $10,000,000 for juvenile jus-tice programs designed to reduce recidivism, gang violence and gun crime. These juvenile justice programs help protect our most vulnerable children through treat-ment, education, training, and mentoring, not incarceration. According to the Justice Policy Institute, locking up juveniles costs an average of $407.58 per person per day and $148,767 per person per year. Even conservative coalitions like Freedom Works, American Conservative Union Founda-tion, Generation Opportunity, and Taxpayers Protection Alliance agreed that mass incarcer-ation is extremely costly to taxpayers. This amendment invests in our youth popu-lation at the front end with a greater return be-fore the damage becomes irreversible at the back end. This amendment supports programs that have shown consistent success in curtailing gang violence and gun crimes. Research shows that violence among our youths is a health epidemic that must be ad-dressed with appropriate measures beyond in-carceration. Therefore, we must support professionals that possess practical experience in epidemic control for violence prevention, and that show success working with the most vulnerable and at-risk youth population when addressing this health epidemic. Within the Office of Juvenile Justice and De-linquency Prevention, the following programs focus on violence prevention: Forum, Commu-nity Based Violence Prevention (CBVP), and Defending Childhood. The CBVP explicitly calls for and supports the health approach. Hence, this amendment provides funding for organizations such as community-based vio-lence prevention programs that statistically have shown much success. For example, Cure Violence, a health-based organization that operates in, several cities and states, have shown great success in the intervention and prevention of violence in places like, Chicago, Baltimore, New York, Philadelphia and others. They have also shown great success in Puerto Rico. Statistics show l00% reduction in homicide retaliation in Chicago, and a 41–73% drop in shootings in 5 of 8 communities; in Baltimore, up to 56% drop in killings; and 44% drop in shootings; in New York, 20% lower level of shootings; and in Philadelphia, reduction shooting rate was significantly larger than any reduction compared to non-program police dis-tricts. Unlike incarceration cost of $407.58 per per-son per day and $148,767 per person per year, these alternative measures cost signifi-cantly less to serve a much larger population than what it cost to incarcerate one person, while reducing shootings and killings by 50%– 70% in 15 of the most highly impacted large cities in the U.S. Hence, programs such as Cure Violence, Safe Streets and others show that alternative methods to incarceration are effective. Both sides of the aisle agree that our juve-nile justice system is in desperate need of re-pair. Incarceration at alarming numbers does not solve this problem. Statistics show that incarceration does not serve as deterrence, nor does it keep our communities safe. Rather, it increases the likelihood for recidivism and thus, increases crime rates and mass incarceration. For those who say juvenile justice is a state problem and not a federal problem because we don’t have many youths in federal custody, I say even if there is but one juvenile in our prison system, we have one too many. I saw many young faces during the horrific tragedy in Houston’s vicious storm that claimed so many lives. I do not ever want to see that look of de-spair and hopelessness again if we can do something to prevent that. While some may say that juvenile justice is already funded, it is not enough. We need to address the epidemic taking place in our juve-nile justice system and the crisis that follows thereafter—economic hardships, lack of edu-cation and inadequate job training. For all the reasons stated above, I ask my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time, and I withdraw the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT NO . 109 OFFERED BY MR . PASCRELL  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 109 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 291, line 17, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $100,000,000) (increased by $100,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ASCRELL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Chairman, I rise today, once again, to highlight the hy-pocrisy reflected here of the party that claims to be the law-and-order party, because, once again, the Commerce, Justice, Science Appropriations bill be-fore us has zeroed out funding for the COPS Hiring Program. This critical program provides Fed-eral grants to local police departments for the hiring and retention of police officers. Despite the fact that this vital program helps ensure that we have enough cops on the beat in our commu-nities, the House Commerce, Justice, Science Appropriations bills have cut or eliminated funding for the COPS Hiring Program since the Republicans took control of this House in 2011. So every year, Representative DAVE R
EICHERT and I, co-chairs of the Con-gressional Law Enforcement Caucus, come to the floor to offer an amend-ment to shift funding back to the COPS Hiring Program to show support for local police hiring programs. We do this dance every year, but no one seems to learn their lesson, because here we are again with a bill that zeros out funding for this program. Our amendments pass with over-whelming support, often by voice vote. The Senate sees this strong support and ends up funding the program in the final appropriations package. In fact, both the Senate and President have proposed funding the COPS program at $207 million. Typically, we have regular order in the House when considering appropria-tions bills. That means we would have an open rule to allow us to offer any amendment to shift funds in this bill. However, this is not the case this year, Mr. Chairman. Our dance with the Appropriations Committee would have continued this year, but the Rules Committee pre-vented any substantive amendment to boost funding for the COPS Hiring Pro-gram from moving forward. This amendment enjoyed the support of law enforcement organizations across America, including the Major County Sheriffs Association. They were dismayed at the decision to eliminate the COPS Hiring Program. The amendment before us enjoys the support of law enforcement organiza-tions, such as the National Association of Police Organizations, Fraternal Order of Police. In their letter of sup-port, NAPO wrote that they are ‘‘very concerned that H.R. 3354 does not pro-vide funding for the COPS Hiring Pro-gram.’’ The FOP writes: ‘‘ . . . we must con-tinue to fund the COPS Hiring Pro-gram.’’ Mr. Chairman, I include these letters in the R
ECORD . 
MAJOR COUNTY SHERIFFS ’ ASSOCIATION , Pontiac, MI, September 6, 2017. Hon. B
ILLPASCRELL , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARCONGRESSMAN PASCRELL : On behalf of the Major County Sheriffs of America 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Dec 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\SEPTEMBER\H12SE7.REC H12SE7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7263 September 12, 2017 
(MCSA), I write in support of your amend-ment to the FY18 House Commerce, Justice, Science and Related Agencies Appropria-tions bill which will provide critical funding to the Byrne Justice Assistance Grant (Byrne JAG) program. The MCSA is an asso-ciation of elected Sheriffs representing the Nation’s largest counties with populations of 500,000 people or more. Collectively, we rep-resent more than 100 million Americans. The MCSA was again dismayed at the CJS Appropriations Committee’s decision to eliminate the COPS Hiring program—a pro-gram helping to ensuring state and local law enforcement have the personnel and re-sources necessary to protect and serve their communities. At a time when agencies are being asked to do more yet are still strug-gling to recruit and retain law enforcement professionals, we are seeing a pullback of federal support. The MCSA applauds your understanding of the many challenges facing local law en-forcement today and we appreciate your commitment to our profession. Very Respectfully, M
ICHAEL J. B OUCHARD , Sheriff, Oakland County (MI). 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF  P
OLICE ORGANIZATIONS , INC., Alexandria, VA, September 7, 2017. Re Support for Amendment #109 to H.R. 3354 to Provide $100 Million for COPS Hiring. H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC. D
EAR MEMBER OF CONGRESS : On behalf of the National Association of Police Organiza-tions (NAPO), I am writing to advise you of our strong support for Amendment #109 to H.R. 3354, offered by Congressmen Pascrell and Reichert, that would provide $100 million in funding for the Community Oriented Po-licing Services (COPS) Hiring Program. NAPO is a coalition of police units and as-sociations from across the United States that serves to advance the interests of Amer-ica’s law enforcement through legislative and legal advocacy, political action, and edu-cation. Founded in 1978, NAPO now rep-resents more than 1,000 police units and asso-ciations, 241,000 sworn law enforcement offi-cers, and more than 100,000 citizens who share a common dedication to fair and effec-tive crime control and law enforcement. NAPO is very concerned that H.R. 3354 does not provide funding for the COPS Hiring Pro-gram. This vital program has assisted more than 13,000 jurisdictions with over $14 billion in funding to hire more than 127,000 commu-nity police officers across the United States. A big part of the success of the original pro-gram was its reliance on local police agen-cies in defining what their communities needed. In addition to the hiring and reten-tion of much needed officers, this funding program has contributed to continued suc-cess in combating crime, drug use, and gangs; reducing and preventing the manufac-ture, distribution, and use of illegal drugs; promoting officer safety and wellness; and addressing emerging law enforcement needs. It is vital that this program continue to be funded. The Pascrell/Reichert Amendment #109 rights this wrong by providing necessary funding to the COPS Hiring Program. As major cities across the country are facing an increase in violent crime for the first time in years and community-police relations are strained, now is not the time to put addi-tional stresses on state and local police forces by leaving them short-handed. Fur-ther, this funding will be essential to police and sheriff departments affected by Hurri-canes Harvey and Irma as they look to re-build. NAPO urges you to support this amend-ment and ensure that the COPS Hiring Pro-gram remains strong and robust. Sincerely, WILLIAM J. JOHNSON , Esq., Executive Director. 
NATIONAL FRATERNAL  O
RDER OF POLICE , Washington, DC, September 7, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. K
EVIN O. M CCARTHY , Majority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY P. P ELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. S
TENY H. H OYER , Minority Whip, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER AND REPRESENTATIVES  M
CCARTHY , PELOSI AND HOYER : I am writing on behalf of the members of the Fraternal Order of Police to advise you of our strong support for an amendment, introduced by Representatives William J. Pascrell, Jr. (D– NJ) and David G. Reichert (R–WA), which would increase by $100 million the appropria-tions for the hiring program administered by the Office of Community Oriented Policing Services (COPS) at the U.S. Department of Justice. In 1994, Congress established the COPS Of-fice and, in the decade which followed, our nation experienced a significant drop in crime rates. A large part of this success was the nation’s commitment to community ori-ented policing, particularly its hiring com-ponent which helped get more officers on the beat. Community oriented policing has been the cornerstone of our nation’s policing strategy for nearly 25 years and the hiring program is the reason this strategy works. However, today, we have less police on our streets and neighborhoods than we did even a decade ago, making the community polic-ing strategy very difficult to pursue. It is no surprise to our profession that crime, par-ticularly violent crime, is on the rise. There are less men and women policing our streets, keeping the peace and interacting positively with the communities they protect. If we are serious about stemming the rise in crime and if we remain committed to the community policing strategy, then we must continue to fund the COPS hiring program. It is for these reasons we urge you and all Members of Congress to vote in support of the Reichert-Pascrell amendment providing resources to the COPS hiring program. On behalf of the more than 330,000 members of the Fraternal Order of Police, I appreciate you considering our views on this important issue. If you need additional information, please do not hesitate to contact me or my Senior Advisor Jim Pasco in my Washington office Sincerely, C
HUCK CANTERBURY , National President. 
Mr. PASCRELL. Hiding behind pro-cedural shenanigans to dodge support for our Nation’s law enforcement offi-cers and then pontificating when you come to the floor, that doesn’t settle right with me or a lot of other people. b1515 You have done it year after year. You are not going to do it this year? I am sorry. You can’t have your cake and eat it. I want to say this in closing. I want all of my colleagues to reflect on how, on the one hand, you can claim support for law enforcement while, at the same time, cutting the resources you need to hire brave men and women who keep the neighborhood safe. I do not know the answer to that question, but I do know that, during this year’s National Police Week, a week where we honor the brave men and women who lost their lives while serving in the line of duty, my friend and the chairman of the subcommittee—and I consider him a friend—stood on the House floor and said: As the chairman of the Commerce, Justice, Science Appropriations Subcommittee, it is and continues to be my top priority to en-sure that our law enforcement officers have the resources that they need. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield the remainder of my time to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ). Mr. LANCE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of Mr. P
ASCRELL ’s amendment to increase COPS grant funding. The COPS program works. These resources have saved the lives of police officers and the citizenry they are tasked with protecting. These funds often bridge the gap be-tween the policing services a commu-nity requires and the capabilities of its existing force. These funds are merit based, prioritizing hiring and equip-ment where they are most needed and for the best use of the taxpaying pub-lic. In these challenging times for law enforcement, it is critical that we keep this program operational for our Na-tion’s crime challenges. Earlier today, we discussed legisla-tion critical to the health and safety of our Nation’s firefighters, and now we consider this important priority for our Nation’s police officers. I commend Mr. P
ASCRELL and Mr. R
EICHERT for their leadership in the Law Enforcement Caucus. I am proud to be a member of the caucus, and I join in their efforts to provide contin-ued support for COPS funding and for expanding the capabilities of law en-forcement to do their jobs and protect the public and themselves, which is critical to every officer in the Nation. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, but I have no objection to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Texas is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chair, I share my colleagues’ support for law enforce-ment and have no objection to this amendment; and I will work with the gentlemen to ensure that the COPS program is funded when we get to con-ference, we have a budget agreement across the Congress, and additional funds are made available. The COPS program is an essential one that will be at the top of the list. My support for law enforcement is re-flected in the $100 million increase seen in the Byrne JAG Program, which is a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE7.048 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7264 September 12, 2017 
very flexible grant program for local law enforcement to use for a variety of reasons, including hiring police offi-cers, including forensic work, lab work, and eliminating the backlog of rape kits, which is so important to getting dangerous criminals off the streets. The Byrne JAG Grant Program is one that is increasingly popular and suc-cessful among the men and women of law enforcement, and that is why we have increased it by $100 million in this year’s Commerce, Justice, Science bill to keep the men and women of America safe, to support our law enforcement officers of whom we could not be prouder. We are immensely grateful for the work of our first responders and law enforcement. The people of Houston, the people of southwest Louisiana, the people of Florida have all relied on them in this time of crisis with these terrible floods in Houston, the hurri-cane in Florida. I don’t know what we would do without our first responders and men and women in uniform in the law enforcement community pro-tecting us every day. Mr. Chair, I have no objection to the gentleman’s amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AS-
CRELL ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 112 OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
TEXAS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 112 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 314, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $30,200,000) (increased by $30,200,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I support this bill and endorse division C, the CJS appropriations bill devel-oped by Chairman C
ULBERSON . The ap-propriations included in division C im-plement the Science Committee’s au-thorizations that have been enacted into law or passed by the House. I offer an amendment today to sim-ply increase physical and biological science research by one-half of 1 per-cent, or $30.2 million, over the current funding within the $6 billion National Science Foundation research account. Total spending is not increased, as NSF will adjust other areas of spending ac-cordingly. I ask the chairman and members to support the amendment and endorse this increase for the basic research that produces the scientific break-throughs that fuel technological inno-vation, new industries, economic growth, and good jobs. I yield to the chairman, Chairman CULBERSON , for his support of this amendment. Mr. CULBERSON. Chairman S
MITH, I support your amendment to increase the physical and biological sciences and will fight for it in conference. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman C
ULBERSON for his support and very much appreciate his help along the way. On a separate matter, can the chair-man assure me that the funding in the bill is fully consistent with the Tsu-nami Warning, Education, and Re-search Act enacted into law earlier this year? Mr. CULBERSON. Will the gen-tleman yield? Mr. SMITH of Texas. I yield to the gentleman from Texas. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I can. It is fully consistent with the au-thorization. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Texas, the chairman of the subcommittee, for his support, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 113 OFFERED BY MR . SCOTT OF  
VIRGINIA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 113 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-man, I rise as the designee of the gen-tlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ), and I have an amendment at the desk, No. 113. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 346, strike line 18 and all that follows through line 2 on page 347. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-man, this amendment would strike lan-guage in the bill that would prohibit the EEOC from using its funds to im-plement pay data collection. Mr. Chairman, we know that racial and gender pay gaps exist in America. The Obama administration, a few years ago, created the National Equal Pay Task Force, which recommended this new data collection, the EEO–1 form, which would, for the first time, require employers to provide not just data on who is hired by race, sex, and eth-nicity, but also to include pay data. The EEOC has collected employer data since 1966. There has been no prob-lem with confidentiality. So for 50 years we have gotten information on the race, sex, and ethnicity of those employed, but we do not have the pay data, and the pay data would expose the pay disparities where all the women are paid less than men. You don’t find that on the present EEO–1 form. Recently, the OMB, without warning or transparency, rescinded the EEOC’s plan to collect the data, which was to begin in March. This amendment would make it clear that Congress should honor the purpose and spirit of title VII and permit the EEOC to carry out its statutory obligation to collect nec-essary data needed to enforce civil rights laws. Mr. Chair, I would hope that we would adopt this amendment, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Maryland is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Chairman, every-one here appreciates concerns about the ways of discrimination. The ques-tion is how to collect the data in an ef-ficient way, and the new EEOC–1 form is certainly not the way to collect that data. What do I mean by that, Mr. Chair-man? You have to compare apples to apples and oranges to oranges. It is not like we don’t collect data already. We have 140 different data points on the EEOC– 1 form. This would increase the number of data points to 3,306 that an employer potentially would have to report. Mr. Chairman, if we had better data, that is all right, but let’s take a spe-cific example: a large hospital. The new form groups all professionals to-gether. A hospital would have to report what it pays its professionals in the same category, what it pays its female professionals and its male profes-sionals. But, Mr. Chairman, it includes nurses and surgeons in the same cat-egory. They are all professionals. In fact, in the United States, for instance, among registered nurses, we have about 3 million—89 percent—are fe-males. Now, in the United States, we have an estimated number of physicians and surgeons of about 900,000; 65 percent are males, only 35 percent females. They are all grouped in the same category for the EEOC–1 form. So what would the result be? If you were in a hospital and you had nurses and you had employee surgeons, it would look like you were discrimi-nating against women because the nurses get paid less, and your average salary is going to be less for your women because you have grouped sur-geons in with nurses. Only a Federal Government bureaucrat could come up with an idea like that in order to gauge whether wage discrimination occurs. The fact of the matter is it is even worse, Mr. Chairman, because, based on the reporting of these results, EEOC can go on a fishing expedition against 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.076 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7265 September 12, 2017 
whatever institution it wants to that files this. And if we don’t think that happens, Mr. Chairman, I am just going to say two words: Lois Lerner. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ULBER -
SON), the chairman of the sub-committee, and I want to thank the chairman for attaching this section to the bill. It is an important section for our employers. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I join the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
ARRIS ) in opposing this amendment because the EEOC, under the previous administration, has created this mon-strosity of a burden on small busi-nesses, and they did such a poor job of it that the Office of Management and Budget actually put the requirement under review and suspended it. Mr. Chair, I strongly oppose this amendment. I join the gentleman in seeking to protect small businesses from this unnecessary and burdensome requirement. EEOC already has a huge backlog of cases involving actual com-plaints of discrimination that need to be resolved, people who need to be pro-tected, and EEOC should focus on doing their job, clearing up the backlog, pro-tecting people from discrimination where they actually already have a real complaint, not looking for needles in haystacks. Mr. Chair, I urge Members to join us in opposing this amendment, and I rec-ommend a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 1 minute to the gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. F
RANKEL ). Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, my, my, my. Here we go again. Another bill to protect the derrieres of big business, allowing them to hide crucial data from public scrutiny, in-formation that would disclose pay dis-parities in the workplace. It is a law, Mr. Chairman, that busi-nesses must pay equal pay for equal work. So why is it that women and mi-norities make much less money than their white male counterparts doing similar work? Mr. Chairman, let’s pass this amend-ment. Root out pay discrimination, be-cause it is time that all Americans are paid for their hard work and not for their gender or the color of their skin. Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Chairman, I just say that it is absolutely true if we were looking at similar work, but the bill does not look at similar work. It looks at huge categories like, for instance, professionals in a hospital that include neurosurgeons and nurses. It is not similar work. This is the worst kind of data gath-ering you can have by the Federal Gov-ernment because, again, they use this to go after employers that they want to go after. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr. S
ERRANO ). Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, if you hear the opposition to this amendment, you would think that discrimination does not exist in this country any longer. Oh, how I wish that were the case. Mr. Chairman, I support the amend-ment. This amendment would strike the harmful EEOC rider which blocks the EEOC from collecting data on the expanded EEO–1 form. This data collec-tion would allow EEOC to better exam-ine pay patterns by industry and/or ge-ographic region and/or employer or es-tablishment, conduct comprehensive statistical analysis, and evaluate the context of the discrimination allega-tions. b1530 The EEOC will use the data primarily for early assessment of allegations of discrimination based on sex, ethnicity, or race. In short, the newly expanded form will be critical to closing gender and racial wage gaps. Preventing the collection of this information will re-sult in less oversight and more wage discrimination. Mr. Chair, I strongly support the amendment. Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from New York for his re-marks. No one is naive enough to think that discrimination doesn’t exist. The question is: What tools should the Federal Government use? And this certainly is not the tool that is helpful. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-man, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, the form is not a com-plaint. We know that there are pay dis-parities. This would allow the EEOC to notice gruesome problems and dispari-ties and address them where appro-priate. In that hospital situation, it is obvi-ous the situation is not appropriate, but we do know that pay disparities exist, and this would be information that would allow the EEOC to address them. I would hope that we would allow the EEOC to do its job. Mr. Chair, I support the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Chair, I agree with the gentleman. Pay disparities exist, but we need a precise tool. If we are going to give the Federal Government a tool with which to investigate and punish employers, it should be a sur-gical tool. This is not a surgical tool. This is an imprecise tool. The EEOC, again, Mr. Chairman, has 3,360 data points. It groups high-wage professionals with low-wage profes-sionals, and has nothing to do with dis-crimination. It is an imprecise tool. We should retain the language in the bill. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania). The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia will be postponed. The Chair understands that amend-ment No. 114 will not be offered. AMENDMENT NO . 115 OFFERED BY MR . ZELDIN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 115 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division C (before the short title) insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the National Ma-rine Fisheries Service to enforce Executive Order 13449 or section 697.7(b) of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations, in the Block Island Transit Zone (as that term is defined in sec-tion 697.7(b)(3) of such title). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment to H.R. 3354 on behalf of the hardworking fishermen of Long Island and our entire region who are suffering more than ever under confusing and unfair regulations that are threatening to put them out of business. This amendment is nearly identical to one I offered to the DHS division of this bill that unanimously passed by voice vote last week that related to the Coast Guard. Today’s amendment would bar the National Marine Fisheries Service from enforcing the ban on striped bass fishing in the Block Island Sound Tran-sit Zone, a 15-mile stretch of water be-tween Montauk Point, New York, and Block Island, Rhode Island. No other species of fish are subject to an arbitrary ban in this section of Block Island Sound, famous for fishing and recreational boating. The fact that the transit zone is con-sidered a part of the EEZ means the ban on striped bass fishing extends into this local waterway. This means hard-working commercial fishermen, char-ter boat captains, and recreational an-glers enjoying a day on the water with their family can suddenly go from fish-ing for striped bass legally to commit-ting a Federal crime because they are drifted over the 3-mile line. This ban was meant for the high seas, not a local waterway, arbitrarily de-clared to be part of the EEZ due to a boundary drawn on a map by a bureau-crat in Washington, D.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.080 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7266 September 12, 2017 
Every other species of fish popular in this area—scup; eel; squid; bluefish; even striped bass’ cousin, black sea bass—are not subject to an unfair ban in this area. Just like they can legally with proper permits and allocations in adjacent State waters, local fishermen should be able to legally fish for striped bass in this area after State waters end and the transit zone begins. Mr. Chairman, on the East End of Long Island, the coastal economy is our economy. So when unfair regula-tions impact fishermen, it also hurts the other local businesses like tackle shops, restaurants, gas stations, and hotels. No one is more invested in protecting this important fishery to ensure it is there for the next season and the next generation than the hardworking men and women from my district who rely on fishing as a way of life. This amendment does not create open season on stripers or lift the need for quota allocations or permits. In ad-dition to a nearly identical amendment passing on a voice vote last week, last Congress, my standalone bill to address this issue, H.R. 3070, the EEZ Clarifica-tion Act, passed the House with an-other unanimous voice vote. This amendment is supported by the Recreational Fishing Alliance, the Long Island Commercial Fishing Asso-ciation, and the Montauk Boatmen and Captains Association. Mr. Chair, I urge adoption of this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chair, if the gen-tleman had brought some cooked fish, I probably wouldn’t read this. Mr. Chair, this is not an appropriate amendment for inclusion in an annual spending bill. Congress should not be in the business of micromanaging fish conservation in this manner. The Atlantic States Marine Fisheries Commission is an interstate compact that was established in 1942 as a mech-anism to allow Atlantic coastal States to join forces in managing their shared fishery resources. For over 75 years, this Commission has served as a body for the Atlantic coastal States, coordinating the con-servation and management of 27 near-shore fish species. Each State is rep-resented on the Commission by three commissioners who participate in de-liberations and interstate fisheries management, fisheries science, habitat conservation, and law enforcement. Through these activities, the States collectively ensure the sound conserva-tion of management of their shared coastal fishery resources. We should allow the Atlantic States Marine Fish-eries Commission to do its job in man-aging fish stocks. We must not allow the House to be in the business of sec-ond-guessing them and micromanaging fish regulations in particular locations. There is a process currently in place for addressing these issues at the re-gional level, and we should allow that process to work. A stock assessment for striped bass is planned for next year. The Atlantic States Marine Fish-eries Commission can make a deter-mination as to whether it intends to ask the Federal Government to open up the Block Island Transit Zone to striped bass fishing. Currently, the consensus position of the Atlantic States Marine Fisheries Commission is that the fishing restric-tions should remain in place. I believe that this is a bad precedent for Con-gress to interfere with this State-driv-en process. For that reason, I oppose the amend-ment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Chair, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ULBERSON ). Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of the gentleman’s amend-ment. I understand his concern. I ap-preciate him bringing it to our atten-tion. I understand similar language has already passed the House. I have no ob-jection to him, and I urge Members to support it. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Chair, I wish to speak in favor of the amendment. How much time is remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Chairman, my col-league on the other side speaking in opposition actually made a great argu-ment for exactly why the amendment needs to be passed. I completely agree, we should not be micromanaging the local fishery. And the best way to ensure that we are not micromanaging the local fishery is to pass this amendment. The amendment is empowering the local regional council to be able to manage the striped bass fishery. If we don’t pass the amendment, then we are micromanaging and we are taking away power from the local council managing the fishery. So by passing this amendment, we are encouraging that regional council to manage the striped bass fishery in that area. Without passing the amend-ment, then we are micromanaging and we are not allowing any striped bass fishing at all. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Chairman, the hardworking fishermen of Long Is-land’s East End, our entire region, and our entire country are struggling. The special interest groups, knowing noth-ing about the East End, may incor-rectly disagree. Fish do not adhere to arbitrary man-made boundaries drawn by bureaucrats. This amendment, by no means, re-moves the management of this species, including the quotas or allocations meant to protect against overfishing. Now, more than ever, we should be tak-ing commonsense steps to help our fishermen get back to work. This sim-ply allows for local fishermen to not be treated like criminals when they drift across an arbitrary 3-mile line. Mr. Chair, I encourage support from my colleagues for this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair under-stands amendment No. 116 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 117 OFFERED BY MS . NORTON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 117 printed in House Report 115–297. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division C (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. llll. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used to carry out section 3622(c)(2) of title 18, United States Code. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from the District of Columbia. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. My amendment prohibits the Federal Bureau of Prisons from using Federal funds to carry out a law that requires individuals in halfway houses or on home confinement to pay a subsistence fee. Currently, the subsistence fee for residents of halfway houses is 25 per-cent of income. This criminal justice reform amendment would improve re-entry and reduce recidivism among the Nation’s returning citizens. Out of prison and almost always without a job or ability to support themselves, returning citizens have no ability to pay counterproductive sub-sistence fees while in halfway houses or on home confinement any more than they could have paid for their subsist-ence while in prison. For the limited time individuals spend in halfway houses—up to 12 months—or on home confinement—up to 6 months—the subsistence fee re-quirement is a substantial burden on them and de minimis on the BOP, wit-ness that the Congressional Budget Of-fice concluded that this amendment would have no budgetary effect. If returning citizens are lucky enough to find work at all, it would al-most certainly be in minimum wage jobs. So the loss of 25 percent of their paychecks to subsistence fees would be a significant hurdle to successful re-entry—which is what we are after— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.084 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7267 September 12, 2017 
making it extremely difficult to pay rent, child support, or fines and fees as-sociated with their conviction, such as restitution. Far from promoting financial respon-sibility, subsistence fees, while in cus-tody, actually prevent returning citi-zens from meeting their financial obli-gations. Congress surely did not mean to impose additional burdens on re-turning citizens, setting them up to fail. Jobs and affordable housing are crucial to reentry but rare for return-ing citizens. Charging subsistence fees is antithetical to these goals. The Department of Justice itself has recommended eliminating this fee. A November 2016 DOJ memorandum rec-ommended developing a plan to limit the use of ‘‘counterproductive ‘subsist-ence’ fees imposed on indigent resi-dents.’’ It further stated: 
The Bureau of Prisons’ process for col-lecting these subsistence fees is costly and administratively burdensome on both half-way houses and the Bureau. And these fees make it difficult for residents who typically earn minimum wage, if anything, to meet their other financial obligations, including restitution fines and child support. 
b1545 The BOP already eliminated subsist-ence fees for individuals on home con-finement, but that is only by regula-tion. However it was a step in the right direction. My amendment would continue this trend and eliminate the fees for those in halfway houses as well. My amend-ment provides a critical reform that would help improve reentry and reduce recidivism. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I think it is entirely appropriate to make inmates help pay for some of the cost of their time in a halfway house. This program helps make inmate re-entry into the community as seamless as possible. It has been a successful one. We want to reduce obstacles to make that transition without unneces-sary burdens. However, this proposal would cut the Bureau of Prisons’ oper-ations by about $20 million. It would be forced to be absorbed by the Bureau of Prisons, that money that they are now receiving in reimbursement from transitioning inmates. The Bureau of Prisons’ resources are already stretched very thin, Mr. Chair-man, and this money would come out of other programs such as reentry serv-ices, antirecidivism, counseling, and inmate health and safety that are needed for inmate welfare and a suc-cessful transition into society. While I appreciate the intent of the gentlewoman’s amendment, if the Bu-reau of Prisons were to have a cut of $30 million, then prison safety and pris-on services would be severely com-promised, and that won’t help inmates or officers. Mr. Chairman, I urge Members to join me in opposing this amendment. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from the District of Columbia has 11⁄2 minutes remaining. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, my friend suggests that the BOP actually collects this $20 million. I would sub-mit to him and challenge him to show me that the burden of trying to collect these fees does not outweigh any ac-tual reimbursement. These people have no jobs. If they had jobs, they would al-most surely be minimum wage jobs. I want to ask my friend if he would rather the BOP be paid the de minimis cost to the government—which they hardly ever collect, I am almost sure— or would they rather this money go to child support, or go to pay subsistence fees? This is a cruel burden for people get-ting out of prison at a time when the crime rate is low. It sends inmates back to the streets, which is the only recourse they have for gaining money. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from the District of Colum-bia (Ms. N
ORTON ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 118 OFFERED BY MR . LATTA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 118 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division C (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. llll. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act to the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives may be used to reclassify M855 ammunition as armor-piercing ammunition. The limitation described in this section shall not apply in the case of the administration of a tax or tariff. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. L
ATTA ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer a commonsense amend-ment that prevents the Federal Gov-ernment from infringing on the Second Amendment rights of sportsmen and sportswomen in Ohio and from around the country. Under the Obama administration, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives—the ATFE—proposed a new framework for interpreting a Gun Control Act and for determining which projectiles should qualify for the sport-ing purpose exemption. This frame-work would have withdrawn the ex-emptions for certain 5.56-millimeter ammunition, including the M855, be-cause the ATFE felt that they should be classified as armor-piercing ammu-nition. The M855 is one of the most commonly used ammunitions in the United States and is widely used by target shooters and hunters. Ulti-mately, due to overwhelming public opposition, the ATFE withdrew their proposal. In order to guard against new at-tempts to ban this popular and com-monly used ammunition, I am offering this amendment, which prohibits the ATFE from using funds to reclassify M855 ammunition. Again, this amend-ment is codifying the ATFE’s own stance. As a lifetime hunter and competitor at the National Rifle and Pistol Cham-pionship matches at Camp Perry in Ohio, I fully support our Second Amendment right to bear arms, and I oppose any efforts to intrude on these rights. I believe that is what the ATFE attempted to do in 2015. I also thank the chairman from Texas for his work on this issue in the previous Congress. I ask my colleagues to join me in support of this amend-ment to protect the rights of sports-men and sportswomen. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SERRANO. I rise in opposition to the amendment, Mr. Chairman. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this amend-ment. This amendment is very inappro-priate for this bill and sets a bad prece-dent. We should not be tying the hands of the ATF as it attempts to keep our law enforcement officers safe. The Law Enforcement Officers Pro-tection Act established a process to en-sure that police officers do not face a threat of armor-piercing bullets capa-ble of being fired from concealable semiautomatic handguns. This law passed the House of Representatives in 1985 by a vote of 400–21. Then it later passed the Senate by a vote of 97–1. For far too long we have dealt with irresponsible riders on appropriations bills that put limits on our ability to keep our communities and our law en-forcement officers safe. This is just one more example. Mr. Chairman, I urge the defeat of this amendment. I may say to my colleagues that this is one of the issues that baffles me the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.096 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7268 September 12, 2017 
most. I don’t hunt, but I respect people who do. I don’t target practice and tar-get shoot, but I respect people who do. But it seems that more and more every day, as we have more and more vio-lence, we want more and more stronger weapons because otherwise we are going to lose our rights if we don’t do so. Mr. Chairman, our rights are at the ballot box and many other places, not just in our holster. I think if we con-tinue to do this, first of all, this is the wrong place to do it, and, secondly, it is the wrong thing to do. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
UL-
BERSON ), the chairman of the Sub-committee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of this amend-ment. Within 2 months of my becoming chairman of the subcommittee, the ATF did, indeed, attempt to ban this commonly used ammunition. Mr. L
ATTA is exactly right. I met, at the time, with the Director of the ATF. I am grateful that the ATF withdrew the proposed ban. The Direc-tor of the ATF, Tom Brandon, is doing a good job of protecting America’s Sec-ond Amendment rights. I want to en-sure Mr. L
ATTA that I will continue to work to make sure that this rule is not put back into place. As long as I am chairman of the Com-merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Subcommittee, I will always zealously protect the unambiguous Second Amendment rights of every American to keep and bear arms. Mr. Chairman, I strongly support the gentleman’s amendment and I urge its adoption. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, just very briefly, I usually don’t get up a second time, but to my friend—and he is my friend—it is a confusion in this country. This is not about protecting the Second Amendment. We all do. Ev-erybody does. It is about common sense and asking: Where does it stop? How do we keep it from growing? How violent can we get? How many people can we shoot? That is what this is about. It is not about the Second Amendment. The Second Amendment is well protected. Trust me. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Chairman, again, the ATF received over 80,000 comments on their proposal. In their own words: ‘‘The vast majority of the comments received were critical of the framework and include issues that deserve further study.’’ Again, this amendment is only codi-fying the ATFE’s own stance. Again, I ask my colleagues to protect the rights of our sportsmen and sportswomen, and to support the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Ohio (Mr. LATTA ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair under-stands that amendment No. 119 will not be offered. The Chair understands that amend-ment No. 120 will not be offered. The Chair understands that amend-ment No. 121 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 122 OFFERED BY MR . GAETZ  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 122 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
EUTCH ), I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division C (before the short title) insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available under this Act may be used to relocate the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Adminis-tration’s Southeast Fisheries Science Center located in Virginia Key, Florida. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. G
AETZ ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Chairman, I offer this amendment on behalf of several of my colleagues from the Sunshine State who are still responding to the devasta-tion from Hurricane Irma that made landfall earlier this week. The sponsor of this amendment, Congressman D
EUTCH , and the cosponsors, Congress-man C
URBELO , Congresswoman R OS- L
EHTINEN , Congressman H ASTINGS , and Congresswoman W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , all represent districts that received significant damage from Hurricane Irma. Due to the damage in their dis-tricts, these Members—with strong in-terest in this amendment—were unable to return to D.C. in time to debate this issue on the House floor, so I am here pinch-hitting for them. Recently there have been reports that the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration’s Fisheries headquarters, located on Virginia Key in south Florida, may move to another location. This amendment would pro-hibit that move. Such a move would be devastating to the longstanding re-search relationships that the NOAA fa-cility on Virginia Key has with local universities, the local business commu-nity, and the marine industries of south Florida. The NOAA research facility on Vir-ginia Key has maintained a partnership with the University of Miami and the south Florida community since 1943. Over the years, the NOAA facility and their research teams have worked closely and collaborated on critical re-search projects and scientific break-throughs with the University of Miami, Florida Atlantic University, NOVA Southeastern University, Florida International University, the Palm Beach County Business Development Board, the Greater Fort Lauderdale Al-liance, the Beacon Council, the Marine Industries Association of South Flor-ida, and other south Florida univer-sities and business coalitions. In fact, the University of Miami’s Rosenstiel School of Marine and At-mospheric Science is located across the street from the NOAA facility on Vir-ginia Key. These south Florida univer-sities and business councils recently signed a formal memorandum of under-standing that encourages collaboration among research, education, business, and economic development organiza-tions. Some research projects that the NOAA facility on Virginia Key has worked on with south Florida univer-sities and business councils include the Florida Keys National Marine Sanc-tuary, creating a storm surge database for Haiti and the Dominican Republic, and something near and dear to my heart, Everglades restoration projects. Moving the NOAA facility from Vir-ginia Key would sever the bonds be-tween the facility and the research uni-versities in the south Florida commu-nity that create so much progress and so many jobs. Again, I am grateful, Mr. Chairman, for the opportunity to introduce this amendment on behalf of my colleagues, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. GAETZ ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 123 OFFERED BY MR . SERRANO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 123 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of the gentleman from New York (Mr. C
ROWLEY ), I have an amend-ment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division C (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. lll. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used for the oper-ation of a correctional facility by a private party or contractor. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from New York (Mr. S
ERRANO ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. b1600 Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, my amendment is very straightforward. It would prohibit funds allocated in the bill from being used on the construc-tion and operation of private, for-profit prisons. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.091 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7269 September 12, 2017 
The use of private prisons in our country is a crisis. More and more Americans are being locked up in fa-cilities that don’t respect basic human rights. One in four people behind bars worldwide is in a United States jail. That is right. A country with less than 5 percent of the world’s population ac-counts for a quarter of all the world’s prisoners. In fact, our prison popu-lation has continued to increase over the past few decades, even as statistics have shown a decrease in crime. According to the FBI, violent and major property crimes are at historic lows. Nevertheless, more and more Americans are getting locked up. There are several reasons for this: from over-ly punitive mandatory minimum sen-tences to the cycle of poverty in the school-to-prison pipeline. But one thing is for sure: so long as there is an incentive to build prison cells for profit, there will be more Americans unnecessarily behind bars. So long as we perpetuate the prison in-dustrial complex, we will find it harder and harder to reduce our bloated prison population and make meaningful re-forms to our criminal justice system. Last year, an investigative reporter for The Nation uncovered horrible con-ditions at private correction facilities. Inmates were not receiving basic med-ical care, even items required by the Bureau of Prisons. In one case, they were kept in rows of bunk beds in un- air-conditioned domes, baking in the heat and the sun. In another case, the poor conditions sparked riots by the in-mates. Now, don’t get me wrong. I feel no sympathy for violent criminals who have no remorse for what they did and deserve to be locked away for their crimes. But our Founders knew that we have an obligation to maintain respect for human life, and they enshrined it in our Constitution by protecting against cruel and unusual punishment. When this report came to light, President Obama’s Attorney General, Loretta Lynch, chose to act. The Presi-dent issued a memorandum saying that we would phase out the use of private prisons, partially by seeking to reduce our prison population. But in February, in keeping with this administration’s policy of simply re-versing everything President Obama did, Attorney General Jeff Sessions re-scinded the order. He has since indi-cated that we won’t continue to use private prisons. We will use more of them, and we will lock up more people to fill them. What a disgrace. It is a waste of tax-payer dollars and a waste of countless American lives that could be turned around and made into successful citi-zens. I am proud that in my home city of New York we have decided to divest our pension system from the for-profit prison industry. But now it is time for the Federal Government to divest itself as well. We must continue to work on com-prehensive criminal justice reform that seeks to reform mandatory minimum sentences and curb the failed war on drugs and focus on reentry and re-integration so that those who serve time can become productive members of society, rather than lifelong in-mates. Tonight, we can start with this amendment and send a message to the Trump administration. Tonight, we can tell him not to reverse the progress made under President Obama and At-torney General Loretta Lynch. To-night, we can say that making money off of incarcerating individuals is sim-ply inconsistent with American values. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. G
RIFFITH ). The gentleman from Texas is recog-nized for 5 minutes. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I understand my colleague is offering this on behalf of another Member who could not be here today, but I rise in strong opposition to this amendment. Let me make sure that we read it so the people understand what we are talking about. None of the funds made available by this act may be used for the operation of a correctional facility by a private party or contractor, pe-riod. This would shut down every privately operated prison and halfway house in the United States. Where are those 34,000 criminals going to go? Well, you would have to just turn them loose on the streets or pack them in like sar-dines in existing prison cells or spend billions of dollars over the next few years to house them. This amendment is dangerous, irre-sponsible, and risks the safety of the public. By cutting off immediately all funding to private prisons, these 34,000 inmates would have to be released onto the streets of America. I can’t imagine what kind of disaster that would result in. Furthermore, I have always believed in the Yellow Pages test. If you can find a government service in the Yel-low Pages, you ought to try to pri-vatize it. As a general rule, the private sector is going to find a way to do it more efficiently, less expensively, and in a way that is going to save taxpayer money. My experience with the private pris-ons that have operated in the State of Texas quite successfully throughout the Bureau of Prisons is that they are providing better security, better food, better healthcare, better transpor-tation, better housing, better facilities for both the inmate and the staff. They have been very successful across the country. These 34,000 inmates will have nowhere else to go. This amendment is extremely dan-gerous, destructive, and irresponsible. I urge Members to join me in opposing this amendment not only for the risk to public safety, but for the damages it will do to the hardworking people of America. Mr. Chairman, I urge Members to join me in voting ‘‘no,’’ and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York has 1 minute remain-ing. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN ). Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Chair-man, I rise today to offer my strong support of this amendment to end the proliferation of private prisons in our Federal justice system. Following this administration’s re-versing President Obama’s ban on the use of private prisons for Federal pris-oners, the for-profit prison industry has not only been rejuvenated, but it is expanding. Our criminal justice system’s only purpose should be to reeducate and re-habilitate individuals who have made mistakes and are serving their sen-tence. No one should profit from our prison system. That is what I plan to reintroduce the End For-Profit Prisons Act—legis-lation that will require the Bureau of Prisons and U.S. Marshals Service to end its contracts with for-profit con-finement facilities and make critical changes to the reentry process for indi-viduals who have been released from Federal prisons. Mr. Chairman, I call for the imme-diate passage of this amendment. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I urge Members to join me in opposing this amendment to protect the public safety of the people of the United States, to ensure that our tax dollars are efficiently used, but, above all, to make sure these 34,000 inmates are not released onto the streets of America. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. S
ERRANO ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 124 OFFERED BY MR . FLORES  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 124 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. FLORES. Mr. Chair, as the des-ignee of the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ), I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of division C (before the short title) insert the following; S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, ad-minister, or enforce Executive Order No. 13547 (75 Fed. Reg. 43023, relating to the stew-ardship of oceans, coasts, and the Great Lakes), including the National Ocean Policy developed under such Executive Order. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.099 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7270 September 12, 2017 
from Texas (Mr. F LORES ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. FLORES. Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer an amendment with my good friend from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ), to address an ongoing bureaucratic over-reach of our country’s ocean and inland economies. Our amendment bans the use of Fed-eral funds for the implementation of the previous administration’s National Ocean Policy. Executive Order 13547, signed by then-President Obama in 2010, requires that 60-plus bureauc-racies essentially zone the oceans and the sources thereof. The National Ocean Policy’s require-ments are an encroachment into the powers of Congress as set forth in Arti-cle I of our Constitution. These activi-ties have not been authorized by Con-gress, nor have any appropriations ever been made by Congress to fund those activities. Yet the bureaucracies con-tinue to act as if those are irrelevant prohibitions against their activities. Mr. Chair, since 2010, this body has voted eight times in support of this amendment in a bipartisan manner. This language also was included in the base text to the fiscal year 2018 Energy and Water, Interior, and Agriculture Appropriations bills. We are looking to get it in the CJS bill now. We are offering this amendment again because concerns remain that the National Ocean Policy extends far beyond restricting ocean activities and that it significantly impacts inland ac-tivity as well. This amendment simply stops the funding of unauthorized bureaucratic overreach. It does not have any impact on coordination, planning, or congres-sionally authorized activities to take care of our Nation’s important oceans. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. This executive order was signed by President Obama in July 2010. The Na-tional Ocean Policy is designed to im-prove stewardship of our oceans, coasts, islands, and Great Lakes by di-recting government agencies with dif-fering mandates to coordinate and work together. The National Ocean Policy creates no new authorities. The result of increased coordination is better stewardship of our national heritage through improved government efficiency, better development and use of data and information, and a process of open and transparent stakeholder engagement that informs decision-making. This increased coordination between agencies needs to take place on a Federal level to reduce ineffi-ciency, waste, and redundancy between agencies. The National Ocean Council brings together State, local, and Tribal gov-ernments and all of the oceans uses, in-cluding recreational and commercial fishermen, boaters, industries, sci-entists, and the public, to better plan for, manage, harmonize, and sustain uses of ocean and coastal resources. The bottom line is that the National Ocean Policy offers an avenue for thoughtful planning around issues af-fecting ocean, coastal, and Great Lakes areas. It is the best choice for stake-holders looking to be involved in the process. For all of these reasons, I urge the defeat of this amendment. Before I reserve the balance of my time, on a personal note, it is amazing how much work we have done in the south Bronx with what little bodies of water and green space we have, how much we cherish it, and how much we feel that it has been a gift that we con-tinue to work on. We no longer have earmarks, but when we did, it did a great job in restoring a lot of areas. I see how, in other parts of the coun-try and at the Federal level, we want to undo years and years of progress. I keep thinking of Republican leaders who took a different view. Teddy Roo-sevelt would be so upset at so much of what we are doing today because he saw the world in a different way. Thank God that he was our President for that period of time when we needed him for that particular issue. Just on a personal note, I understand that a lot of people see the world dif-ferently than I do. Where I come from, tonight people know they now have places where they can row a boat, where they can eventually swim, where they can fish, and where a beaver named Jose has returned. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FLORES. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
UL-
BERSON ). Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I have no objection to the gentleman’s amendment, and I support it. We have had it in previous bills. I hope the House will adopt it in this bill as well. Mr. FLORES. Mr. Chair, in closing, the issue is not whether or not we want to take care of oceans. We all agree that we should take care of our oceans. We all believe in being good stewards of the environmental and economic in-terest in our oceans. But, Mr. Chair, we also believe in trying to make sure that we have a government that ad-heres to the Constitution. b1615 Under Article I of the Constitution, all legislative powers are returned to Congress—not some, all. That is the issue at stake here. The Obama admin-istration’s National Ocean Policy has overstepped constitutional statutory bounds. Congress did pass a bill in the 106th Congress to create an Ocean Commis-sion to review and make recommenda-tions. Since then, the 108th, 109th, 110th, and 111th Congresses each looked at those recommendations and decided to take no legislative action. This must have been what caused then- President Obama to move forward with his executive order and to try to go around Congress. There have been no appropriations for these activities. Additionally, 81 groups have signed a letter asking the Appropriations Com-mittee to include this language to ad-dress this unconstitutional bureau-cratic overreach in their annual appro-priations bills. Again, this is a simple amendment that stands up for the constitutional rights of this body to create the stat-utes under which this activity can be conducted and to transparently appro-priate the funds which authorize ac-tivities, should it so choose. We are not against Ocean planning, as I said at the outset of this. What we are for, though, is the Constitution. Again, this amendment has been adopt-ed with bipartisan support in this body eight times since 2010. I want to thank the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ), for his work on this amendment, as well as to thank Chairman C
ULBERSON for his consider-ation. I urge my colleagues to support this straightforward amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FLORES. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. F
LORES ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas will be post-poned. 
AMENDMENT NO . 125 OFFERED BY MR . BUCK  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 125 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division C (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act under the State Criminal Alien Assistance Program may be used in con-travention of section 642 of the Illegal Immi-gration Reform and Immigrant Responsi-bility Act of 1996. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. B
UCK) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.102 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7271 September 12, 2017 
Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chairman, I rise to speak about my amendment to the Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies division of H.R. 3354. Mr. Chairman, the State Criminal Alien Assistance Program, or SCAAP, is intended to further local law en-forcement’s ability to adhere to Fed-eral immigration law. SCAAP provides States and localities with Federal funds to help offset correctional costs related to incarcerating undocumented criminal aliens with at least one felony or two misdemeanor convictions. However, in recent years, the number of jurisdictions receiving SCAAP fund-ing that have adopted sanctuary poli-cies, allowing violent criminal aliens to go free, has skyrocketed. My amend-ment would cut off SCAAP money for cities that violate the intent of these funds. These sanctuary cities must not continue using taxpayer money to fla-grantly violate Federal immigration law and put American citizens at risk. Look no further than my home State of Colorado in the case of Mr. Ever Valles. Back in October, Mr. Valles was picked up on charges, including posses-sion of a weapon, vehicle theft, and eluding. He also had a history of gang involvement. ICE placed a detainer on Mr. Valles, but Denver officials failed to honor the Federal detainer, releasing him with-out providing the proper notice to ICE officials. Upon his release, Mr. Valles took part in robbing and shooting 32- year-old Tim Cruz at an RTD train sta-tion. He has been charged with first-de-gree murder. Sanctuary policies just don’t break the law. They place people’s lives in danger. We cannot continue allowing these jurisdiction sanctuary cities to use taxpayer money to further these misguided policies. In fact, the Office of Justice Programs’ own website states that applicants for SCAAP funds are required to certify compliance with all applicable Federal laws at the time of application. It goes on to say that, if the OJP receives information indi-cating that an applicant violated the statute related to sanctuary policies, that the applicant will be investigated by the inspector general and could be subject to criminal and civil penalties. A recent U.S. Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement agency report iden-tified the top 10 jurisdictions with the highest volume of detainers issued that restrict cooperation with ICE. Not sur-prisingly, every one of those sanctuary cities received SCAAP awards in fiscal year 2016. Mr. Chairman, sanctuary cities stand against the rule of law. These jurisdic-tions support illegal immigration and allow individuals who violate the law to remain free. We cannot allow these jurisdictions to continue these harmful policies on the American people’s dime. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, I op-pose this unnecessary amendment. All this amendment does is prohibit use of funding to violate current law. As we all know, Federal grant recipi-ents of the State Criminal Alien As-sistance Program, or SCAAP, are not using Federal funds in contravention of Federal law. The amendment is really about so- called sanctuary cities. This and other amendments like this seek to effec-tively overthrow community policing by diverting State and local police from their core mission of protecting public safety. Imposing this one-size- fits-all approach would degrade trust between immigrant communities and local police, thereby undermining pub-lic safety in all communities and for all residents. We should not be attempting by word or deed to turn our local law enforce-ment into an arm of Federal immigra-tion efforts. I live in a sanctuary city, and I can tell you with great certainty that amendments like this one will make my hometown less safe. People will be less likely to report crimes and cooperate with investigations simply because of the concern that they will be deported for interacting with local law enforcement. What we need is broad and humane immigration reform which would place undocumented immigrants on a work-able and earned path to citizenship, thereby allowing them to contribute even more to their families, commu-nities, and our country. Our immigration system is broken, but this amendment does nothing to fix it. I urge my colleagues to defeat this amendment. And I must say, the sanctuary cities, as they are called, have a lot of support from law enforcement throughout the Nation because they know that they need to speak to people in the commu-nity and get information on who the bad guys are or who the bad gals are, number one. Number two, this is going to be a boom for the legal profession because just about every city and every State is going to sue if this ever became law. And we actually started holding mon-eys back because they know how much help is brought to their community and how much they want to keep it in place. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chairman, may I ask how much time I have left. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Colorado has 2
1⁄2minutes remain-ing. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ULBERSON ). Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the gentleman from Colorado’s amendment. When Kate Steinle was murdered, I was the new chairman of this sub-committee, and I swore that I would find a way to cut off Federal funding to these sanctuary cities. That young lady’s murder could have been pre-vented had the city of San Francisco simply cooperated with Federal immi-gration authorities and handed that criminal over to be deported imme-diately. That is all we are talking about here. With the previous administration, Attorney General Lynch, I met with her as the CFO, so to speak, of the DOJ. I used the power of the purse that the Congress was entrusted with by the Founders of our constituents to per-suade the previous Attorney General to adopt precisely the policy that Mr. BUCKis attempting to make sure that we continue to follow. I know, under Attorney General Ses-sions’ leadership, sanctuary cities are not going to receive Federal money. That policy was first put in place last summer. At my insistence, current guidelines in the Department of Jus-tice grant policies are that a local law enforcement agency has to certify that they are cooperating 100 percent of the time with Federal immigration au-thorities about individuals in local jails or State prisons. That is all this is. If a State prison or local jail is hous-ing someone who was in the country il-legally when they committed the crime and were sentenced, before they are re-leased, current Department of Justice policy adopted last summer, being en-forced today by Attorney General Ses-sions, says you have to tell Federal au-thorities you are about to release this person so they can be immediately de-ported. That is common sense. It pro-tects public safety, and it is a wise use of our tax dollars. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional 20 seconds to the gentleman from Texas. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, the days of sanctuary cities accepting Fed-eral money and ignoring Federal law are over. The policy under this admin-istration, the policy I insisted be adopted last summer, is, if you want Federal money, follow Federal law, or don’t ask. I support the gentleman’s amend-ment. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chairman, I would just ask my colleagues to support my amendment, and I thank the chairman of the subcommittee for his support. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. B
UCK). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.105 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7272 September 12, 2017 
the gentleman from Colorado will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 126 OFFERED BY MR . AMASH  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 126 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. AMASH. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division C (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. llll. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used for activities prohibited by the order issued by the Attor-ney General entitled ‘‘Prohibition on Certain Federal Adoptions of Seizures by State and Local Law Enforcement Agencies’’ (Order No. 3488-2015, dated January 16, 2015) or the order entitled ‘‘Prohibition on Certain Fed-eral Adoptions of Seizures by State and Local Law Enforcement Agencies’’ (Order No. 3485-2015, dated January 12, 2015). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. A
MASH ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. AMASH. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, each year the Federal Government uses civil asset forfeiture to take billions of dollars’ worth of property from people who have not been charged with any crime. It is an unconstitutional practice that is used to violate the due process rights of in-nocent people. Fortunately, some States have passed laws to limit asset forfeiture; but the Federal Government helps State law enforcement evade these re-quirements by doing adoptive forfeit-ures where the Federal Government ac-cepts property seized by the State law enforcement, forfeits it under Federal law, and gives the State agency a cut of the proceeds. Mr. Chairman, this practice is out-rageous. It supplants the authority of States to regulate their own law en-forcement, and it further mires the Federal Government in unconstitu-tional asset forfeitures. In 2015, the Department of Justice placed limits on adoptive forfeiture, prohibiting the Federal Government from accepting property seized by local police when there is no involvement by Federal law enforcement and the prop-erty does not relate to public safety. These are commonsense restrictions that prevent the most egregious sei-zures. Unfortunately, these restrictions were revoked in June of this year. My amendment would restore them by pro-hibiting the use of funds to do adoptive forfeitures that were banned under the 2015 rules. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. D
AVIDSON ). Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Chairman, I stand in support of the amendment. The amendment does a great deal to restore our constitutional right to due process and protects the institution of federalism. The equitable sharing pro-gram incentivizes local law enforce-ment agencies to ignore State laws re-garding civil asset forfeiture in favor of Federal law. After Ohio reformed civil asset for-feiture laws, local agencies have been able to bypass, just as the gentleman from Michigan described. DOJ allows this even when Federal officials play no role in the investigation or the ar-rest. Congressman AMASH ’s amendment would end this policy. This program violates the independ-ence of State’s police powers and pro-motes an asset forfeiture scheme that undermines due process. I urge my col-leagues to support this amendment. b1630 Mr. AMASH. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Ha-waii (Ms. G
ABBARD ). Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues strongly to adopt this amendment. Attorney General Sessions’ recent announcement to expand civil action forfeiture really allows local law en-forcement to bypass State laws and seize property from people with the lowest possible burden of evidence and without concern whether the person is eventually charged or convicted. While some will tell you this is nec-essary to go after big drug cartels, the reality is the median value of the adop-tive forfeiture seizures has been around $9,000—not exactly the sign of any major drug trafficking operation. These adoptive forfeiture efforts tend to target poor neighborhoods. Between 2012 and 2017, the median value of as-sets seized by Cook County police was just over $1,000. In Philadelphia, in 2015, the median value was $192. This policy does not discriminate be-tween the innocent and the guilty. With the responsibility on private citizens to prove their innocence, rath-er than law enforcement to prove guilt, innocent people without legal represen-tation often never see their money or property again, and even those who are proven innocent have no promise that their property will be returned. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. AMASH. Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the gentle-woman. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Chairman, the Fourth Amendment to the Constitu-tion exists to protect the citizens of this country from being deprived of life, liberty, or property without due process of law. In practice and prin-ciple, adoptive forfeiture is a violation of that Fourth Amendment. I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. AMASH. Mr. Chairman, I yield 45 seconds to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. R
OHRABACHER ). Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment. Asset forfeiture is a crime against the American people, committed by their own government. This is abso-lutely opposite of what our people who wrote the Constitution of the United States had in mind. For the government to take away someone’s property and then say, ‘‘You have to prove you are innocent to get it back,’’ that is totally in contrast to the limited government, individual re-sponsibility, individual freedom, and property rights concepts that our Founding Fathers had in mind. If we believe in freedom and if we be-lieve in liberty, let’s not open up the government to be able to steal our property and then we have to go to court. We have lost all of our due proc-ess. It is now our obligation to prove that we are innocent until proven guilty. That is ridiculous. Vote for this amendment and protect the freedom of our people. Mr. Chair, I rise as a proud co-sponsor in strong support of the Amash-Sanford-Lab-rador-Rohrabacher Amendment. Civil asset forfeiture is a widely abused law enforcement tactic in which federal, state and local law enforcement agencies seize prop-erty, often with little or no evidence that a crime has been committed. The person whose property has been seized then has to hire an attorney and prove their innocence in order to try to get their property back. Police departments have a strong incentive to abuse civil asset forfeiture because they get to keep these ill-gotten gains for their own use. Even when state legislatures have en-acted important safeguards against abuse, the Justice Department has helped local police departments to circumvent such restrictions by ‘‘adopting’’ seizures that would be illegal under state law, and then sharing the proceeds with local law enforcement. In January 2015, under the Obama Adminis-tration, the Justice Department issued two cru-cial orders to stop this circumvention of state, raw. Unfortunately, the current Justice Depart-ment has reversed those orders, and Con-gress must now take action. This amendment will prohibit the Justice De-partment from using any money in this bill to engage in activities not allowed by the 2015 orders. I ask my colleagues to stop the as-saults against law-abiding citizens by the peo-ple who are supposed to protect them. Vote for the Amash-Sanford-Labrador-Rohrabacher Amendment. Mr. AMASH. Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. BEYER ). Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I stand here also to express my strong support for the Amash amendment. Civil asset forfeiture without limits presents one of the strongest threats to our civil, property, and constitutional rights. It creates a reverse incentive for law enforcement to seek profit over justice. Mr. Chairman, I encourage all of my colleagues to support this great amend-ment. Mr. AMASH. Mr. Chairman, how much time is remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Michigan has 10 seconds remain-ing. Mr. AMASH. Mr. Chairman, I encour-age everyone to support this amend-ment. We must defend the Fifth 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.107 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7273 September 12, 2017 
Amendment and we must protect prop-erty rights. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. A
MASH ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 127 OFFERED BY MR . ROSKAM  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 127 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division C (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. llll. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used to pay a per-formance award to any officer or employee of the Money Laundering and Asset Recov-ery Section of the Department of Justice under section 5384 or 4505a of title 5, United States Code, prior to the date on which the Department of Justice rules on all petitions for remission or mitigation in judicial for-feiture cases pursuant to section 9.4 of title 28, Code of Federal Regulations, for which the Internal Revenue Service has submitted a report of its investigation and its rec-ommendation to the Department of Justice on or before June 26, 2017. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OSKAM ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, let me tell you a quick story. Andrew Clyde served three combat tours in Iraq, after which he re-turned home and opened a store in Georgia. Mr. Clyde had an insurance policy that only covered up to $10,000 in off-premised losses. So like any rea-sonable person, he never brought more than $10,000 in cash with him when he was making his nightly deposits. Do you know what happened next? The Internal Revenue Service noticed that he was depositing just under $10,000 in cash regularly, so they took all of his cash. That is $950,000. If you are like most people, you are confused when you first hear about this. As it turns out, Mr. Clyde was in violation of a Federal law known as structuring, which is the intentional avoidance of Federal reporting require-ments by staying below $10,000 in cash deposits. This law was intended to catch large-scale criminal enterprises, mobsters, terrorists, and human traf-fickers, not veterans like Mr. Clyde. When structuring is believed to have occurred, the IRS can use its civil asset forfeiture authority to seize funds in question and force the owner to prove that the money was earned legally. Well, in this instance, Andrew Clyde earned the money legally and had a le-gitimate reason for depositing less than $10,000. So you would assume that Mr. Clyde would have ended this with the IRS talking to him and then say-ing: Oh, we made a mistake. Clearly you are not a mobster or a terrorist. Thank you for your service. Here is your life savings back. But, no, that is not what happened, Mr. Chairman. That is not how the story ended. Instead, the IRS threatened him with criminal structuring charges until he agreed to settle with the agency and give them $50,000, after he had already spent $100,000 in legal fees. He lost $150,000 simply because he wanted to make sure that his cash deposits were low enough to be insured. If that sounds messed up to you, Mr. Chair-man, that is because it is. Now, here is the good news. The House recently passed, unanimously, H.R. 1843, the RESPECT Act. This bill prohibits the IRS from seizing funds from individuals, unless there is a probable cause that the money was earned illegally or connected to an ille-gal activity. But there is still the prob-lem of those people who are already victims of this abuse by our govern-ment in civil asset forfeiture. Now, since we began our bipartisan investigation of the IRS’s civil asset forfeiture practices a couple of years ago, the IRS has apologized for past be-havior, which is good; they worked quickly to reach out to possible vic-tims, which is good; and they subse-quently responded to the 454 petitions that they received. As of March 1, the IRS returned over $6 million in seized funds. Good news. So far so good. But the plot continues, and here is where we are right now. It turns out that a majority of the petitions were actually referred to the Department of Justice. The IRS referred the DOJ 255 cases, and has recommended that the DOJ return $16 million to taxpayers whom they do not suspect of being con-ducted in any way to illegal activity. Unfortunately, the Department of Jus-tice has not been nearly as interested in correcting these past wrongdoings. As of July, the Department of Jus-tice responded only to 73 of the out-standing 255 cases. This is completely unacceptable. The Federal Government took legally earned money from tax-payers, and the Department of Justice hasn’t given the majority of these peo-ple a response, including Andrew Clyde. The Roskam-Neal amendment, of-fered by myself and Mr. N
EAL, the ranking member from Massachusetts on the Ways and Means Committee, is very simple. It simply says this: No one in the relevant section of the Depart-ment of Justice can get a performance bonus until they finish reviewing the backlog of cases that the IRS has sent them. We are not asking the Depart-ment of Justice to do anything ex-traordinary, Mr. Chairman. We are simply asking them to do their job. And until they do their job, the bare minimum that taxpayers can expect is that we at least don’t reward these people with bonuses. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, even though I am not op-posed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Texas is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I strongly support the amendment. I will work with Mr. ROSKAM as the CFO of the DOJ and do whatever is necessary to help make sure they review these cases rapidly and return people’s money to their rightful owners. Once again, Mr. R
OSKAM has brought a great amendment to the House floor. I look forward to working with him to ensure that his intent is implemented as quickly as possible. Mr. Chairman, I urge Members to support the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for his support. I thank the chairman for his assur-ance and his hard work on this. I am confident that this will be resolved. Mr. Chairman, I have got to tell you that the discussions that this House has made on a bipartisan basis with the Department of Justice have been ob-tuse and they have been ridiculous. I have been embarrassed by the inter-actions that I have had with senior staff members at the Department of Justice on this issue. The Ways and Means Subcommittee has been scandalized by this, and we are going to do something about it. So here, today, we are rising on both sides of the aisle to bring remedy, rescue, and restoration to our citizens. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OSKAM ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 128 printed in House Report 115–297. 
AMENDMENT NO . 129 OFFERED BY MR . WALBERG  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 129 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division C (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out Order Number 3946-2017 of the Attorney General, issued July 19, 2017. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Chairman, in re-cent years, we have seen a growing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.110 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7274 September 12, 2017 
number of instances where the govern-ment has confiscated private property from citizens and small businesses without any criminal conviction, or even criminal charges. Under current civil forfeiture law, the system is ripe for abuse, and has undermined the constitutional rights of far too many Americans. In response, 24 States and the Dis-trict of Columbia have adopted reforms to their forfeiture laws. However, through a practice known as adoptive seizures, Federal agencies, like the Department of Justice, can circumvent State and local laws to continue this practice. In July, the Department of Justice announced a continuation and expan-sion of civil forfeiture, reversing a pre-vious ban on adoptive seizures. My bipartisan amendment, intro-duced with Representatives C
OHEN , M
CCLINTOCK , and E LLISON , would pro-hibit funds for the DOJ to implement this expansion. Our amendment is also supported by a broad and diverse coalition of organi-zations, including the American Con-servative Union, the Institute for Jus-tice, the NAACP, and the ACLU. Today’s vote takes an important step in halting the practice of adoptive sei-zures, protecting the rights of States and localities, and limiting some fu-ture abuses. Ultimately, this amendment is a starting point, and we can’t stop here. Congress must submit more com-prehensive changes into law, changes like those included in the Fifth Amendment Integrity Restoration Act, my bipartisan bill, that calls for sweep-ing reforms to curb civil asset for-feiture abuse. America was founded on the prin-ciples of due process and property rights, and these principles must be vigorously defended. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment, even though I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Tennessee is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. W
ALBERG for bringing this amend-ment and for the bills he has proposed; and I thank Senator P
AULas well. I think criminal asset forfeiture is one of the worst, most heinous, most despicable, and most vile laws that we have ever put on the books. It is an as-sault on human beings and State gov-ernments on State sovereignty and on individuals having a right to their property and having a right to a hear-ing and being found guilty of some-thing before their property is taken. The way it is today, the government can come in, and they don’t even have to charge you with a crime, and they can take your car or your money or whatever else they find. It is an un- American a thing as has ever existed. Mr. WALBERG laid out some of the supporters: the ACLU, NAACP, and then it goes around to some conserv-ative worlds. There are many times I have found that you get 360 degrees where the liberals and the conserv-atives come together and agree on lib-ertarian principles that something needs to happen. b1645 When you have got R
AND PAUL, K
EITH ELLISON , Mr. W ALBERG , and my-self all on the same thing, this needs to happen. So we need to pass it now. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Chair, I thank Mr. C
OHEN for yielding. I think that what he said is absolutely true. When you do a complete circle, you have come to a point of understanding that something is amiss, in good will we work together in a bipartisan fashion to fix it. There can be useful issues relative to civil assets, but it needs to follow due process. Our civil liberties must be pro-tected. We want to support law en-forcement; it is a tough job. But, none-theless, in our great country, liberty is still the most important ideal that we have, and the freedom that makes us different from other nations. Mr. Chair, I thank my good friend for his support, and I would ask my col-leagues to support it. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 130 OFFERED BY MR . RASKIN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 130 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division C (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement Order Number 3946-2017 of the Attorney General al-lowing Department of Justice components and agencies to forfeit assets seized by State or local law enforcement agencies. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. R
ASKIN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Maryland. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Chairman, I also want to thank my colleagues, Mr. S
EN-
SENBRENNER , Mr. C ONYERS , and Mr. M
OONEY , for cosponsoring and sup-porting this amendment. It is a bipartisan amendment and, I think, a natural complement to the ex-cellent amendments just added from Mr. WALBERG and also from Mr. A MASH . It would prohibit funding made avail-able by this act from being used to im-plement the recent DOJ policy change, which dramatically expands the Fed-eral Government’s civil Asset For-feiture Program. The new policy revives a controver-sial and, I think, unconstitutional practice that has been decried by Americans and Members of Congress across the political spectrum who hold dear the idea of due process and the presumption of innocence as it applies not just to us as people but also to our private property as well. The new policy allows State and local law enforcement to circumvent State laws limiting civil asset for-feiture by having Federal agencies adopt State and local cases. Under this dubious practice, law enforcement may seize a citizen’s cash and property sim-ply because someone suspects it of being connected to criminal activity without convicting, indicting, arrest-ing, or even charging the property owner with having committed a crime and without proving or even alleging in court that the property is somehow connected to criminal activity. Hundreds of millions of dollars worth of property have been seized in this way by law enforcement on an officer’s mere suspicion. In order to get your property back, you have to go out and hire a lawyer, you have to go to court, and you have to prove that your prop-erty was obtained through innocent means, completely reversing the con-stitutional presumption of innocence that is at the heart of due process. This practice is an outrageous viola-tion of property rights, of civil lib-erties, and of the due process principle that we are all presumed to be inno-cent as American citizens, and it raises profound questions also under the Takings Clause, which forbids the tak-ing of private property without just compensation by the government. Although the resurrected policy con-tains a few new safeguards, they will not remotely prevent abusive seizures or eliminate the profit incentives that encourage rampant civil asset for-feiture. The policy will lead to the same abuses uncovered in 2014. A Washington Post investigation found that, since 2001, State and local law enforcement had made more than 55,000 seizures of cash and property worth nearly $2.5 billion under the civil Asset Forfeiture Program. One striking case discussed by The New York Times was of Carole Hinders, owner of a restaurant in Arnolds Park, Iowa, who deposited her cash earnings in the bank on a weekly basis, and it was always under $10,000. She was sus-pected of illegally structuring her de-posits, although they were perfectly in-nocent, and the IRS simply seized $33,000 from her, causing huge problems for her business. Another case that caught my eye was of a Chinese-American restaurateur who was traveling with a large sum of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.114 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7275 September 12, 2017 
money because he was about to buy a building for his new restaurant. He had been saving for decades to buy his own restaurant. He was stopped by the po-lice and became understandably very anxious during the encounter. The po-lice said that they found the large sum of cash money he had with him sus-picious, and his nervous demeanor also telling, and they simply seized his money. They detained him for 2 hours. They let him go. They didn’t charge him with anything, but they seized his money, his life savings that he had planned to use to purchase the building for his restaurant. He was a lucky one in that he was able, eventually years later, to get his money back, but he lost the business deal and his deposit in the process. In 2014, the value of money and prop-erty seized under civil asset forfeitures by Federal law enforcement exceeded the total of losses in money and prop-erty from burglaries in our country. That means our people lost more money at the hands of the government through civil asset forfeiture than from being burglarized. Because of the abuses revealed in 2015, the DOJ imposed restrictions to limit when the Federal Government could adopt forfeiture cases, and banned State and local police from using Federal law to seize cash and property without criminal charges or warrants, but the new policy lifts these restrictions and places the Federal Government back on the side of the trampling of people’s constitutional rights. With civil asset forfeiture, people cannot only lose their property with-out being charged with a crime, they can also lose their property when someone else allegedly uses their prop-erty in commission of a crime. A Michigan woman lost a car she co- owned with her husband because he was caught soliciting prostitution while driving her car. This policy runs roughshod over the property rights of the innocent and burdens our citizens with onerous costs to get their property back that they never should have lost in the first place. Mr. Chair, Democrats, Republicans, and Independents all agree that civil asset forfeiture is a serious threat to constitutional values. Mr. Chair, I urge all of us to vote for this important amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. R
ASKIN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . 
COLE OF OKLAHOMA  
Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, pursuant to House Resolution 504, as the des-ignee of Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN , I offer amendments en bloc No. 4. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. Amendments en bloc No. 4 consisting of amendment Nos. 132, 140, 143, 144, 146, 147, 148, 151, 153, 157, 159, 162, 163, 166, 177, 181, and 185, printed in House Re-port 115–297, offered by Mr. COLE of Oklahoma: 
AMENDMENT NO . 132 OFFERED BY MS . LEE OF  
CALIFORNIA  Page 697, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert the following: ‘‘(increased by $16,000,000)’’. Page 698, line 1, after the dollar amount, insert the following: ‘‘(increased by $16,000,000)’’. Page 718, line 15, after the first dollar amount, insert the following: ‘‘(decreased by $16,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 140 OFFERED BY MS . BONAMICI  
OF OREGON  Page 718, line 15, after the first dollar amount insert ‘‘(increased by $906,000) (de-creased by $906,000)’’. Page 719, line 14, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(increased by $906,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 143 OFFERED BY MS . BONAMICI  
OF OREGON  Page 734, line 10, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $18,270,000) (increased by $18,270,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 144 OFFERED BY MR . KILDEE OF  
MICHIGAN  Page 735, line 14, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. Page 740, line 3, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. Page 740, line 7, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. Page 770, line 18, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $3,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 146 OFFERED BY MR . NOLAN OF  
MINNESOTA  Page 738, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $300,000)’’. Page 770, line 18, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(decreased by $300,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 147 OFFERED BY MR . KEATING  
OF MASSACHUSETTS  Page 738, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. Page 770, line 18, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 148 OFFERED BY MR . MAST OF  
FLORIDA  Page 740, line 3, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $400,000)’’. Page 741, line 16, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $400,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 151 OFFERED BY MR . 
DESAULNIER OF CALIFORNIA  Page 744, line 7, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. Page 770, line 18, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(decreased by $1,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 153 OFFERED BY MR . TONKO OF  
NEW YORK  Page 751, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $12,500,000) (increased by $12,500,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 157 OFFERED BY MR . DENHAM  
OF CALIFORNIA  Page 763, line 3, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000) (in-creased by $1,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 154 OFFERED BY MS . MCSALLY  
OF ARIZONA  Page 767, line 24, insert ‘‘(increased by $14,232,847)’’ after the dollar amount. Page 805, line 25, insert ‘‘(reduced by $14,232,847)’’ after the dollar amount. 
AMENDMENT NO . 162 OFFERED BY MS . BONAMICI  
OF OREGON  Page 794, line 15, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $8,900,000)’’. Page 794, line 15, after the second dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $8,900,000)’’. Page 794, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $8,900,000)’’. Page 805, line 25, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(decreased by $8,900,000)’’. AMENDMENT NO . 163 OFFERED BY MS . BONAMICI  
OF OREGON  Page 795, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,150,000,000) (reduced by $1,150,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 166 OFFERED BY MR . 
DESAULNIER OF CALIFORNIA  Page 796, line 5, after the dollar amount, insert the following: ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. Page 805, line 25, after the dollar amount, insert the following: ‘‘(decreased by $10,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 177 OFFERED BY MR . MURPHY  
OF PENNSYLVANIA  At the end of division F (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. For ‘‘Health Resources and Serv-ices Administration—Health Workforce’’ for establishing and carrying out the training demonstration grant program, as authorized by section 760 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 294k), there is hereby appro-priated $10,000,000, and the amount otherwise provided by this Act for ‘‘Health Resources and Services Administration—Program Man-agement’’ is hereby reduced by $11,750,000. 
AMENDMENT NO . 181 OFFERED BY MS . SEWELL OF  
ALABAMA  At the end of division F (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act to carry out the Child Care De-velopment Block Grant Act of 1990 may be distributed to any child care provider if a lo-calized list of providers (as mentioned in part 98 of title 45 of the Code of Federal Reg-ulations, applicable to the Department of Health and Human Services, Administration of Children and Families, and in the final rule published in the Federal Register, Vol. 81, No. 190, on Sept. 30, 2016) indicates that a serious injury or death occurred at the pro-vider due to a substantiated health or safety violation. 
AMENDMENT NO . 185 OFFERED BY MR . GRIFFITH  
OF VIRGINIA  At the end of division F (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. For ‘‘Health Resources and Serv-ices Administration–Rural Health’’ to carry out section 427(a) of the Federal Coal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1969, there is here-by appropriated, and the amount otherwise provided by this Act for ‘‘Health Resources and Services Administration–Program Man-agement’’ is hereby reduced by, $2,734,000. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. C
OLE) and the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ) each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, the gentle-woman from Connecticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ), who is the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education approved this list of amendments last week, along with myself, and was look-ing forward to discussing them and others with all of us here today. Unfortunately, the gentlewoman is not able to be here this week due to the death of her beloved mother, Luisa DeLauro, who passed away over the weekend at the age of 103. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.117 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7276 September 12, 2017 
The gentlewoman from Connecticut and I have something in common on this point: neither of us would likely be a Member of this body today were it not for the inspiration and role model of our mothers, both of whom were ac-tively involved in local politics. Like my own late mother, Helen Cole, who served in the Oklahoma House and Senate and as mayor of our home town of Moore, Oklahoma, Luisa DeLauro served 35 years as a member of the New Haven, Connecticut, Board of Aldermen, the longest tenure in the city’s history. She served with six dif-ferent mayors and dedicated her time to improving the lives of seniors and the working poor. Her daughter has most certainly fol-lowed in her footsteps, bringing her passion, dedication, and tirelessness for these same causes to the Halls of Con-gress. We are sorry the gentlewoman can-not be with us today. We know she is honoring her mother and her mother’s legacy, and making her mother proud of her work here. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, first I would like to join my colleague in sending our thoughts and condolences to the DeLauro family. Ranking Member D
ELAURO ’s mother, Luisa, passed away this weekend at the age of 103. The family is together this week in New Haven, Connecticut. Luisa DeLauro was an inspiration to her daughter, R
OSA, to the city of New Haven, and to us all. Luisa was the longest serving member of the New Haven Board of Aldermen in the city’s history, serving 35 years. She set an example for women every-where as she fought to ensure that women’s voices were heard in the male- dominated arena of politics. As R
OSAhas said, her mother under-stood that politics was an avenue for change, a way to help people who were struggling, and she dedicated her serv-ice to issues involving seniors, the working poor, and her beloved neigh-borhood of Wooster Square, which she helped to designate as New Haven’s first historic district. Luisa was a beloved local leader with an open-door policy, who developed friendships that lasted a lifetime, but she was also well known as a strong- willed fighter for issues she believed in, and it is clear that her dedication and fierce passion will live on in her daugh-ter, our friend, R
OSA. Even though Luisa DeLauro passed away at 103, for R
OSAand her family, it still feels like she was taken too soon. My thoughts are with my good friend, R
OSADELAURO , and the entire DeLauro family. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ). Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of the en bloc amendment, which includes my bipartisan amendment to highlight the need to fully fund Student Support and Academic Enrichment grants. These grants are critical to the suc-cessful implementation of title IV of the Every Student Succeeds Act. Schools across the country can use the Student Support grants to give all stu-dents access to a well-rounded edu-cation. The grant program is also important because it was created to allocate fund-ing by formula, which levels the play-ing field so small school districts can get their fair share of funding. I am disappointed that this bill funds Student Support grants significantly lower than the original $1.65 billion au-thorized in the Every Student Succeeds Act, and I hope there will be an oppor-tunity in the Senate to increase fund-ing for these critical Student Support grants. I thank the chairman and ranking member for including my amendments in an en bloc package and for their hard work on this bill. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. DENHAM ), my good friend. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this bloc, which includes my amendment to prevent homeless youth and young mothers from seeing a lapse in service from their runaway youth programs and maternity group homes. b1700 Specifically, this amendment allows HHS to offer transitional living pro-grams and maternity group home grants for centers that would otherwise see a lapse in funding in fiscal year 2018. This amendment does not increase funding for the program. This amend-ment simply prevents centers from fac-ing a gap in grant eligibility due to a fiscal year which commenced off cycle. Failure to act will cause runaway and homeless youth and maternity group home centers across the county to downgrade, discontinue, or eventually close. These important centers provide a temporary shelter to youth in crisis who are experiencing homelessness. These centers teach life skills and pro-vide counseling and transitional serv-ices to homeless, pregnant, and par-enting youth to promote long-term economic independence to ensure their well-being. This issue was first brought to my at-tention by the Modesto Center for Human Services, which supports indi-viduals and families in Stanislaus County, California. The Modesto center provides youth services, mental health services, substance abuse treatment, family resource centers, shelter serv-ices, and community projects. The cen-ter relies on an existing Transitional Living Program grant. The TLP grants are critical to helping homeless youth find employment and transition back into the community. Unfortunately, the Modesto center and more than 100 other centers and shelters across the country are in jeop-ardy of losing eligibility for funding due to circumstances outside of their control. These grants account for a sig-nificant portion of their annual budg-ets, and a gap of this length will dras-tically reduce the services or force pro-grams to shut down completely. My amendment implores the admin-istration to authorize bridge funding to close this gap in grant eligibility, al-lowing services to continue until the grant is realigned with the appropria-tions process. For the area I represent, losing these grants would have much wider ramifications for the overall homeless population and collaborative efforts to improve homeless care and services. TLP and MGH grants help break the crippling cycle of homelessness. I call on my colleagues to support this amendment and allow homeless youth and parenting young people access to life-changing services. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. KILDEE ). Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, I thank my friend, the ranking member, for yielding time to me and for her leader-ship and work on this important issue. Mr. Chairman, I support and appre-ciate my amendment being included in this en bloc amendment. My amend-ment increases funding for three very important and very successful pro-grams that provide lead prevention re-sources in support for those already ex-posed to high levels of lead. Lead is a dangerous neurotoxin. Its effects can be permanent, especially on very young people and those most vul-nerable citizens among us. In fact, ac-cording to the medical community, there is no safe level for lead. As you know, I come from Flint, Michigan, where we have experienced the most significant lead crisis. It is one that we are still working to over-come. Even though that crisis in Flynt is no longer in the headlines, Flint and many other communities are still deal-ing with issues caused by exposure to lead. There is no cure to lead exposure. We have to work on prevention and do ev-erything we can to support those like the people in Flint and others across the country who have been exposed so they can grow into healthy and suc-cessful adults. This amendment will do just that. I appreciate the ranking member, Ms. D
ELAURO , and I share in my colleagues’ expression of grief for her loss. I thank Ranking Member L
OWEY and I thank Chairman C
OLEfor working to include this in the en bloc amendment, and I urge its passing. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ), my friend. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to rise in sup-port of this en bloc amendment, spe-cifically the amendment I offered with Congresswoman B
ONAMICI . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.119 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7277 September 12, 2017 
Our amendment would help ensure adequate funding for a grant program available to States, including my home State of Pennsylvania, to tailor assess-ment systems to work for teachers, parents, and students. The amendment would provide $378 million in funding for State assessment grants, the amount authorized for these grants in the Every Student Succeeds Act but, notably, $8.9 million more than that which was included in the legislation we are currently debating. Including full funding for State as-sessment grants is a critical way for Congress to fulfill our promise under ESSA that we would streamline testing so the high-stakes testing culture that has burdened schools and students for too long is rolled back. I thank the chairman and ranking member for the opportunity to offer this amendment, and I urge the adop-tion of the en bloc amendment. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of this bi-partisan amendment that would increase funding for the Black Lung Clinics Programs in the Health Resources Services Administration (HRSA) by $2.7 mil-lion. This increase, when added to the $7.2 million provided in the appropriations bill being considered, will provide $10 million in total funding for Fiscal Year 2018. I want to com-mend Representative G
RIFFITH for his leader-ship on this issue. The additional funding proposed by the amendment is fully offset by a reduction in program management, and the total amount of $10 million is equal to the permanently author-ized amount. That level, I would note, has re-mained the same since the Black Lung Clinics Program was first authorized in the 92nd Con-gress as part of the Black Lung Benefits Act of 1972. Today, there are 28 black lung clinics lo-cated in 15 coal mining states which, with small grants provided by HRSA’s Federal Of-fice of Rural Health Policy, serve as a lifeline for disabled miners. In many cases, these coal miners spent a lifetime working in our nation’s mines, but now face black lung disease—a debilitating and frequently fatal lung disease that continues to erode lung function even after a miner leaves work in the mines. Since 1968, 76,000 miners have lost their lives to black lung disease. The black lung clinics program is expected to serve 13,800 miners this year. The need for these clinics is rising due to an increase in the number of black lung cases, coupled with an increased number of miners who are now seeking assistance following the closure of mines. The rate of black lung disease in coal min-ers fell steadily in the 30 years following the enactment of binding coal dust exposure limits in the 1969 Coal Mine Safety and Health Act. However, that favorable downward trend start-ed to reverse beginning in 2000, according to the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH). NIOSH is also finding that miners are becoming totally disabled from black lung at much younger ages. The increase in black lung disease has been due in part to longer mining shifts, more powerful mining machinery, and mine opera-tors cutting into more rock because the easi-est reach coal has been mined out. Much of that rock is quartz bearing sandstone which, which when mined, releases large amounts of silica containing mine dust that is far more toxic than coal dust. The most severe form of black lung disease, known as progressive massive fibrosis or PMF, has spiked dramatically. Earlier this year, NIOSH reported that the Stone Mountain Resources clinic in southwest Virginia had identified the largest cluster of PMF ever found—over 400 cases. National Public Radio has reported on large clusters in Kentucky and other states. PMF produces large masses of scar tissue in the lung, and often the only means for sur-vival is undergoing a high-risk lung transplant. While funding for the black lung clinics has been frozen at virtually the same level for the past 5 years, a number of clinics, including many of those in Appalachia, have faced sub-stantial increase in demand from coal miners for screening, diagnosis and pulmonary reha-bilitation. Clinics provide benefits counseling, includ-ing assisting miners with federal black lung benefits and state compensation claims. Some clinics are so underfunded that they are operating with obsolete and inefficient di-agnostic equipment, which needs to be up-graded. Mr. Chair, we owe it to coal miners to get them the care and benefits they need and de-serve. I urge a yes vote. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. C
OLE). The en bloc amendments were agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Committee will rise informally. The Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania) assumed the chair. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed bills and agreed to a joint resolution of the fol-lowing titles in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. 102. An act to direct the Federal Com-munications Commission to commence pro-ceedings related to the resiliency of critical communications networks during times of emergency, and for other purposes. S. 327. An act to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to provide a safe har-bor related to certain investment fund re-search reports, and for other purposes. S. 416. An act to amend the Small Business Investment Incentive Act of 1980 to require an annual review by the Securities and Ex-change Commission of the annual govern-ment-business forum on capital formation. S. 444. An act to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to expand the investor limitation for qualifying venture capital funds under an exemption from the defini-tion of an investment company. S. 462. An act to require the Securities and Exchange Commission to refund or credit certain excess payments made to the Com-mission. S. 484. An act to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to terminate an exemp-tion for companies located in Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and any other possession of the United States. S. 488. An act to increase the threshold for disclosures required by the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to compen-satory benefit plans, and for other purposes. S 1311. An act to provide assistance in abolishing human trafficking in the United States. S. 1312. An act to prioritize the fight against human trafficking in the United States. S.J. Res 49. Joint Resolution condemning the violence and domestic terrorist attack that took place during events between Au-gust 11 and August 12, 2017, in Charlottes-ville, Virginia, recognizing the first respond-ers who lost their lives while monitoring the events, offering deepest condolences to the families and friends of those individuals who were killed and deepest sympathies and sup-port to those individuals who were injured by the violence, expressing support for the Charlottesville community, rejecting White nationalists, White supremacists, the Ku Klux Klan, neo-Nazis, and other hate groups, and urging the President and the President’s Cabinet to use all available resources to ad-dress the threats posed by those groups. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Committee will resume its sitting. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 The Committee resumed its sitting. 
AMENDMENT NO . 131 OFFERED BY MR . KILDEE  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. G RIFFITH ). It is now in order to consider amendment No. 131 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 693, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert the following: ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. Page 693, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert the following: ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. Page 694, line 7, after the dollar amount, insert the following: ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. Page 718, line 15, after the first dollar amount, insert the following: ‘‘(decreased by $10,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment that would increase funding for youth employment initiatives by $10 million. Michigan’s unemployment rate is 4.7 percent, but for youth aged 16 to 24, it is more than double that, over 11 per-cent. Young people face high unem-ployment, and the lack of opportunity to find meaning in the world of work has implications that go far beyond just those years that they might find meaningful employment. Investing in those young Americans ensures that they all do better. Pro-viding those important employment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Dec 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\SEPTEMBER\H12SE7.REC H12SE7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7278 September 12, 2017 
opportunities builds a strong founda-tion around the concept of hard work, and I know many Members support this effort. We just need to make sure that we find every opportunity that we can to make sure that every young person looking for an opportunity to earn a few dollars learns and, especially, un-derstands the connection between their focus on work and the benefits that they will realize from that not only in terms of their own well-being, but the contributions they can make to their community. Just last month, I had an oppor-tunity to visit a really great example about how youth employment can make a positive impact in my home community. I visited a community gar-den run by Greg Gaines, who employs Flint area youth in summer jobs. They learn to grow crops. They learn that hard work pays off. Over time, they see these crops come in that they sell at the local farmers market. Very few of them will work in agriculture, but they come to understand that some patience and some effort and the focus on show-ing up on time and doing a day’s good work literally and figuratively will produce fruits that they can benefit from. So for 14- to 20-year-old kids in this program, obviously, it will make a dif-ference in terms of the way their lives and their life trajectory goes forward, but it also sets a great example for their peers. This is just one of those things that we do in the Federal Government that is an investment in our future. It is an investment in the lives of these kids. It pays us back tenfold. We should sup-port it with every dollar we can find, and I urge my colleagues to support my amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I want to begin by saying how much I, frankly, appreciate the gentleman’s amend-ment. Many programs in this bill, frankly, were eliminated or substantially re-duced to stay within the allocation, which, as I know my good friend knows, was $5 billion below the FY 2017 enacted level. Some other programs, including job training programs for youth, were reduced by relatively mod-est amounts, again, to stay within the allocation. The total amount in the bill for youth job training grants is $832 million, a reduction over last year of just 4.5 percent. While I support the job training grants and programs in question, I op-pose the amendment out of concern that the offset to the Department of Labor’s administration account will be too hard to absorb, including the ad-ministrative reductions already in-cluded in the bill. I will commit to my friend that we will try to work with him through the process and see if there is some way that we can get these funds restored going forward. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, I appre-ciate my friend’s comments. I under-stand the position he holds, and I do hope that we can work together, even-tually, to make sure that this program is more fully funded. I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ), the ranking member of the full Committee on Appropriations. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I, too, appreciate the chairman’s comments, and I do hope, during this process, we will respond to this important request. I rise in support of this amendment. The underlying bill cuts the Depart-ment of Labor’s Youth Employment Program, which provides funding to all 50 States, by $42 million, a shortsighted proposal that ignores the needs of mil-lions of young people. In the United States, there are roughly 5.5 million teenagers and young adults between the ages of 16 and 24 who are neither working nor in school. This translates to one in seven teens and young adults. The youth pro-gram helps prepare out-of-school and low-income youth in your communities for employment and postsecondary education. These youth represent ex-traordinary potential for our Nation’s economy. Investing in them has a rip-ple effect on future generations of low- income children and families, and I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT), the ranking member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce, a champion for this issue and many others. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in support of this amend-ment, which would increase funding for youth employment activities under the Workforce Innovation Opportunity Act. As has been stated, about 5 million of our Nation’s youth are both out of school and out of work, so we have a choice: Do we invest to help our youth get on a good path towards a good job, or do we pay considerably more later? We have to choose to invest now. This includes increased funding for youth employment activities that help out-of-school and out-of-work youth, and it helps fund summer jobs, on-the- job training, apprenticeship training, and others. The alternative is to pay much more later in incarceration, teen pregnancy, and public assistance. When we make these Federal investments now, we make investments in our com-munities, our Nation, and our shared future, and we save money in the fu-ture. Mr. Chair, I support the amendment and urge its adoption. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, I would simply urge my colleagues to join me in this. I think we all know of these in-dividual cases where the life of a young person is changed permanently because of an experience that they had finding meaning in work. Again, as I said at the outset, my view is we should try to find every way we can to support including as many young people in that experience as pos-sible. This amendment would do that. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support it, and I yield back the balance of my time. b1715 Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 133 OFFERED BY MR . MITCHELL  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 133 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 706, line 16, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $10,646,100)’’. Page 706, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $17,560,000)’’. Page 708, line 10, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $21,750,000)’’. Page 708, line 14, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $4,112,900)’’. Page 708, line 19, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $9,450,000)’’. Page 708, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $11,437,700)’’. Page 713, line 4, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $53,147,000)’’. Page 715, line 25, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $35,997,500)’’. Page 717, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $54,400,000)’’. Page 718, line 15, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $27,253,900)’’. Page 770, line 18, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $29,288,100)’’. Page 805, line 25, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $43,100,000)’’. Page 812, line 13, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $8,173,700)’’. Page 817, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $24,900,000)’’. Page 856, line 11, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $351,216,900)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. M
ITCHELL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.123 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7279 September 12, 2017 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Chairman, our Nation faces a dire fiscal situation. We have now reached our debt ceiling and are determining how to control spend-ing while funding necessary programs. The path we are on is not sustain-able. It jeopardizes our future, our chil-dren’s future, and our national secu-rity. We must get our fiscal house in order and take this problem seriously. Paying lip service to the problem will not solve it. We must be respon-sible now before it is too late. The re-ality is that we can make cuts to the size and cost of our Federal Govern-ment without impacting essential pro-grams. In fact, the right cuts will allow our economy to grow by stopping over-eager bureaucrats who seem to believe everything should be regulated until it no longer functions. We in Congress need to be focused on growing and protecting Main Street, not protecting an already bloated Fed-eral Government and bureaucracy. The amendment I propose today is simple. It makes a cut to the bureaucracy of several offices of division F relating to Labor, Health and Human Services. My amendment cuts funds from the same Department of Labor that gave us the overtime rule and the persuader rule. This is an agency of bureaucrats that wishes to legislate through regulation. My amendment puts forth a modest 10 percent reduction of administrative expenses, which would save taxpayers $351 million annually on Labor and HHS alone. Let me restate that: We can actually save $351 million annually by just cutting administrative costs. We, in fact, may well find the money to put the additional $10 million into youth employment services if we cut our bureaucracy. I come from a world of privacy busi-ness, so I understand that fiscal re-sponsibility starts on a small scale and requires commitment to changing the trend. My amendment, when combined with similar measures across all appro-priations, will yield big savings to tax-payers, and will do so without cutting projects or essential programs that we hold dear. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to se-riously consider my amendment as we work to secure our fiscal future, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I want to begin by thanking my friend for the amendment, quite frankly. And while I understand and share many of the gen-tleman’s concerns, most of the ac-counts that this amendment reduces have already been reduced in the bill. The allocations we are working on re-quired us to find efficiencies and sav-ings wherever possible. I believe that cutting the administra-tive accounts in this amendment by another 10 percent would unnecessarily increase the risk of significant disrup-tion of services, and oversight responsi-bility the agencies in this bill are charged with. While I oppose the amendment for these reasons, I want to pledge to my friend that I will continue to work with him and others to identify specific areas where additional efficiencies and savings can be realized. And I know my friend also feels strongly about entitle-ment reform, where the real money is, and I look forward to working with him on that as well. But in the meantime, Mr. Chairman, I must urge the rejection of the amend-ment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Chair, I appre-ciate the efforts of the chairman, and, in fact, all of the appropriations ef-forts. In fact, this week we will pass a full set of appropriations bills out of the House to send to the Senate—some-thing that has not happened here in a very long time, although I am new. The reality is that many of the cuts we have talked about thus far are cuts to the increases many agencies re-quested. I worked in the private sector where a cut meant you really spent less real dollars. Now, I believe there are a number of programs we need to be very careful of. Item by item would be the best way, but at some point in time, we need to draw a line. We can’t continue spend-ing what we are spending, and I hope that we are going to be fiscally respon-sible down the road. So I appreciate the chairman’s com-ments. I worked very carefully with him, and, yes, I agree that entitlement reform is a huge issue and we have got to take it on. We need to amend the Budget Control Act. There are so many things we need to accomplish. I am going to support our appropria-tions package and continue to try and work to tweak those so we actually save money, and we are efficient, and we save programs that we hold dear that are productive. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ), my good friend, the distinguished ranking member of the full Appropriations Committee. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I rise in opposition to this amend-ment. This amendment would truly decimate the ability of the Depart-ments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education to meet the needs of Americans by indiscrimi-nately transferring $351 million to the spending reduction account. This does nothing to improve the bill, which is already underfunded. The majority has imposed more than a $5 billion cut to the Labor-HHS bill below the 2017 omnibus level. Further cuts are completely unnecessary, and that is not all. The committee’s allocation was approximately $5 billion below the nondefense level allowed under the Budget Control Act. We have the resources available, yet the majority refuses to allocate them to the essential programs funded through this bill. This amendment would not encour-age the agencies to do more with less. Simply put, it would force the agencies and our constituents to do less with less. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to join me in opposing this amend-ment. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT), my good friend. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-man, this amendment would reduce funding by 10 percent for programs ad-ministered by all accounts in the Labor-HHS appropriations bill. By making it across the board, it makes it more difficult for the agencies to actu-ally administer their programs, mak-ing it harder, if not impossible, for the government to protect its citizens by enforcing wage and protection laws, en-suring safe workplaces, ensuring edu-cation for students with disabilities, support for those with drug addictions. The bill, as the gentlewoman has al-ready indicated, is already under-funded, and this would just make mat-ters worse. Mr. Chairman, I would hope we de-feat this amendment. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. M
ITCHELL ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 134 OFFERED BY MR . POCAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 134 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. POCAN. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of the gentlewoman from Con-necticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ), I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 706, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,400,000)’’. Page 708, line 10, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. Page 708, line 19, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $9,976,000)’’. Page 708, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,051,000)’’. Page 713, line 4, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $21,317,000)’’. Page 715, line 25, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $13,841,000)’’. Page 718, line 15, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $59,625,000)’’ ‘‘(decreased by $7,865,000)’’. Page 740, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. Page 770, line 18, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(decreased by $51,901,000)’’. Page 805, line 25, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(decreased by $112,060,000)’’. Page 817, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $25,224,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.127 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7280 September 12, 2017 
from Wisconsin (Mr. P OCAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin. Mr. POCAN. Mr. Chairman, I am doing this on behalf of Ms. D
ELAURO . As we know, her mother passed this weekend, and she is in our thoughts. Mr. Chairman, this also incorporates two other amendments that we would have otherwise taken up separately under my name, but they are all-inclu-sive in here. So let me talk about what the amendment does. This amendment would restore fund-ing to worker protection programs to keep to the fiscal year 2017 levels. The bill, as it stands, has a cut of $59 mil-lion to worker protection agencies, in-cluding a cut of $21 million to OSHA, the elimination of the Susan Harwood training grants, and a cut of $14 mil-lion to the Mine Safety and Health Ad-ministration. This is the lowest budget OSHA has seen since 2009. We need OSHA. It saves lives. Since 1970, occupational deaths have been cut in half, saving over 80 million lives. But there is plenty of work left to do. Last year alone, 4,800 workers were killed on the job, and over 3 million were seriously injured. An average of 15 workers die every day from job inju-ries, costing U.S. businesses over $170 billion. The proposed budget would further reduce enforcement personnel by 140 investigators. That is 2,318 fewer work-place investigations. In addition, in the bill under consideration, safety train-ing grants to reach workers in the highest risk jobs are eliminated, de-spite being a core OSHA program through every administration, Repub-lican and Democrat, since 1978. OSHA has only enough funding to in-spect every workplace under its juris-diction every 159 years. Why would this bill eliminate funding for Susan Har-wood training grants that protect and educate workers in the most dangerous jobs? This program costs less than one- tenth of 1 percent of the Department of Labor’s budget. This cut is irrespon-sible and reckless. We cannot cut NIOSH occupational health research, the primary Federal agency that con-ducts research to prevent work-related illness and injury. This research is a critical defense against tragedy. We must fund MSHA to keep our Nation’s mines safe. There is too much on the line to neglect this sector. This amendment would restore fund-ing to the Bureau of International Labor Affairs, which is tasked with en-forcing labor provisions of free trade agreements that are intended to pro-tect American workers. Finally, this amendment would re-store funding to the National Labor Relations Board, which protects the rights of workers under the National Labor Relations Act. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I want to begin by saying how much I regret—I know my friend regrets that our good friend wasn’t here to offer her amend-ment here this evening, and I appre-ciate my good friend from Wisconsin stepping up and doing that. He is a very valued member of this sub-committee, and one who contributes mightily to its deliberations. I certainly understand the concern of some with the relatively modest reduc-tions in this bill at labor enforcement agencies at the Department of Labor. It has been the subcommittee’s policy for many years to protect workers’ health and safety by increasing funding for compliance assistance, and reduc-ing enforcement activities. That is ex-actly what this bill actually does. I appreciate that the subcommittee has had to reduce funding for many programs in the bill to work within its allocation. My concern with this amendment is the substantial offset of the department management funds at the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education. Mr. Chairman, for that reason, I op-pose the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POCAN. Mr. Chairman, I will close by saying that I have been an em-ployer for nearly 30 years; and on be-half of the vast majority of employers who have very responsible workplaces and care for their workers and take care of their workers, it is the irre-sponsible businesses that hurt all of the other businesses. When we don’t inspect companies that could have workplace violations, when we can only get around every 159 years to every workplace that is under the jurisdiction, when we don’t enforce wage laws, we hurt the responsible businesses in this country, and that is why it is important to do this. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Wisconsin (Mr. P
OCAN ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. POCAN. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin will be postponed. The Chair understands that amend-ment No. 135 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 136 OFFERED BY MR . SABLAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 136 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: Page 713, line 4, after the dollar amount in-sert: ‘‘(increased by $500,000) (decreased by $500,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. S
ABLAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I will be brief. My amendment moves a small amount of money within the OSHA bureaucracy in order to put enforcement Federal boots on the ground in the Pacific re-gion where my district, the Northern Mariana Islands, is. b1730 Some of you may know that the Northern Mariana Islands are in a transition from overreliance on foreign workers to an economy that is pre-dominantly U.S. workers. As part of that transition effort, last month the House passed and the President signed into law an increase in the fee that is used to train U.S. workers to replace foreign workers. At the end of this month, minimum wage goes up bring-ing us within 20 cents of the U.S. min-imum wage, $7.05 an hour. These changes are all part of the strategy to make the workplace more accessible and attractive to U.S. workers who are still on the sidelines unemployed. There is one more small but impor-tant move we can make: assure these potential U.S. workers that job sites are safe. We are fortunate to have lots of investment in the resort industry in the Northern Mariana Islands right now. Hotels are going up, and waterlines are being laid. I imagine some Members have had a first job working construction, so they know there are inherent dangers on a con-struction site. Frankly, we have al-ready had accidents. Now every State has an OSHA office. There is an OSHA office in Honolulu, but that is 4,000 miles away from my district, and we have no Federal safety officer on duty in the Northern Mar-iana Islands. We need a real Federal presence—boots on the ground—that will assure U.S. workers that if they get a job working construction, the workplace is safe. As I say, this is one more element in the strategy to put U.S. workers into jobs. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I appre-ciate the gentleman’s amendment, and I agree that worker safety is one of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.130 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7281 September 12, 2017 
Department of Labor’s most important functions. I think, however, we just disagree on the most effective ways the Federal Government can help with that effort. This bill actually increases com-pliance assistance programs at the OSHA to do just that, so I will oppose the gentleman’s amendment which would offset the increases to OSHA en-forcement by reducing critical compli-ance assistance efforts that many of our Members strongly support. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Chairman, this is moving money. We have enough money for compliance education. The problem is that it is like having driver edu-cation knowing that the next sheriff is 4,000 miles away—you are not going to get caught driving. We need Federal boots on the ground. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentle-woman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ). Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I am very pleased to rise in support of Mr. S
ABLAN ’s amendment which would im-prove enforcement of workplace safety standards in the territories. I would note that, adjusted for inflation, OSHA’s enforcement budget has been cut by more than 20 percent since 2010, and OSHA’s safety inspections declined by more than 20 percent during that time. It is a sad commentary that we are placing less value on an American worker’s safety at the workplace than we did a decade ago. We should be sup-porting workplace safety in the terri-tories, and we should be supporting workplace safety in the 50 States as well. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support Mr. S
ABLAN ’s amendment. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Chairman, I have no further speakers. I ask my friends and my colleagues to please support this lifesaving amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. M
ITCHELL ). The question is on the amendment of-fered by the gentleman from the North-ern Mariana Islands (Mr. S
ABLAN ). The amendment was rejected. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair under-stands that amendment No. 137 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 138 OFFERED BY MS . MENG  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 138 printed in House Report 115–297. Ms. MENG. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 717, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,064,000)’’. Page 718, line 15, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,064,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. M
ENG) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from New York. Ms. MENG. Mr. Chair, this amend-ment seeks to increase funding for the Women’s Bureau within the Depart-ment of Labor by slightly more than $1 million and would decrease funding for the Bureau of Labor Statistics’ Prices and Cost of Living Division by the same amount. This increase would restore the pro-posed cut the underlying bill would make to DOL’s Women’s Bureau while still allowing the BLS Prices and Cost of Living Division to be funded at al-most $3.5 million above the current en-acted funding level and more than half a million dollars over the President’s request for the coming fiscal year. For those who might be unaware, the Women’s Bureau within the Depart-ment of Labor conducts research to help departmental agencies develop policies that advance the interests of working women. It plans and executes research and advises other agencies on the structure and implementation of a wide range of worker programs. Unfortunately, the President’s budg-et request for next fiscal year sought to cut more than three-quarters of the existing staff within the Bureau as well as almost $9 million. Thankfully, this bill does better than the request. My simple hope is that we can go one small step further and fund this program next year at the level it is currently funded at. That is all my amendment seeks to do. I urge my colleagues to support fund-ing for the Women’s Bureau within the Department of Labor at existing fund-ing levels while offsetting this change with funds in a manner that still per-mits the BLS Prices and Cost of Living Division to be funded almost $3.5 mil-lion above the current enacted level and almost half a million above the President’s request. Mr. Chairman, I urge support for this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. RODNEY  D
AVIS of Illinois). The gentleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I appre-ciate the gentlewoman’s amendment, and I certainty support the Women’s Bureau at the Department of Labor. Many programs in this bill were eliminated or substantially reduced to stay within our allocation. In contrast, the Women’s Bureau was reduced by a relatively modest $1 million. The ad-ministration budget request proposed reducing the Women’s Bureau by $8.5 million, clearly a reduction the com-mittee did not agree with in the bill. I understand the importance of many of these programs, and these are some of the difficult decisions that have to be made to fund bipartisan priorities in this bill like increases in funding to the NIH and to TRIO and yet still stay within our allocation. I expect and hope that as the process moves forward and we negotiate a bipartisan funding agreement, we will have further discus-sions regarding the funding of the Women’s Bureau. Mr. Chairman, I regret having to op-pose the gentlewoman’s amendment at this time, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MENG. Mr. Chairman, I want to reiterate the importance of the Depart-ment of Labor Women’s Bureau. I be-lieve that our government, especially, should have whatever advice, sugges-tions, and research that is needed to help all departmental agencies develop policies that further advance the inter-ests of working women. Women cur-rently in our country make, on aver-age, 77 cents to every dollar that a man makes, and that amount is even lower for women of color. This Bureau would work on issues surrounding equal pay, employment rights of pregnant women and women who are breastfeeding in the workplace, paid family leave, and apprenticeships for women and women of color. These are important issues, and our government needs to do better, and I believe Members of both parties should care about this issue. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. LOWEY ). Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of my friend Ms. M
ENG’s amendment which would restore the Women’s Bureau to its FY 2017 funding level. Women now comprise almost half of the Nation’s workforce, and their contributions are vital to the country’s economic prosperity. But there con-tinue to be barriers to women’s full and equal participation in many careers and industries. Women continue to earn less than men in the same posi-tions, which means the research and policy advocacy supported by the Wom-en’s Bureau continues to be as impor-tant as ever. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support Ms. M
ENG’s amendment. Ms. MENG. Mr. Chairman, again, I urge support for this amendment. My amendment simply seeks to fund this program next year at the level it is currently funded at. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from New York (Ms. M
ENG). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Ms. MENG. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from New York will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 139 OFFERED BY MR . FOSTER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 139 printed in House Report 115–297. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.133 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7282 September 12, 2017 
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 717, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1)(decreased by $1)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. F
OSTER ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Chairman, my amendment highlights the need to think about our future workforce and how it will change because of tech-nology and to encourage the Bureau of Labor Statistics to accept a wider and more forward-looking range of inputs into its range of projections for its workforce of the future. I co-chair the New Democrat Coali-tion Future of Work Task Force with my colleagues, Congressman S
ETH M
OULTON and Congressman J ARED  P
OLIS. Congressman J IMHIMES, the chair of the New Dem Coalition, has been active in the task force work and joins me in cosponsoring this amend-ment today. Over the course of several months, the task force has held a series of fo-rums to hear from experts on various areas that will require this body’s at-tention in the coming years and dec-ades. We have heard from historians, economists, and policy experts about how technological revolutions of the past have impacted social and political institutions and how lessons from those experiences and from current conditions can help us prepare for the future. We have also heard from labor and business leaders who are pioneering the way they attract talent, retain their services, and develop skills for the in-creasingly rapidly change economy. It is nearly unanimous among our experts that the economy will change signifi-cantly and change faster, but it is less clear just how quickly the workforce will need to adapt. For decades, the Bureau of Labor Statistics has been doing excellent and invaluable work to track our labor trends, and its projections have been proven very reliable and useful—to business and to our educators—in times of slower and relatively predict-able technological development. However, they are based on historical data and historical trends, and some of the anticipated changes in tech-nology—such as robotics, self-driving vehicles, and artificial intelligence— could fundamentally change our econ-omy in ways that haven’t been seen be-fore. So, in its current form, the way the Bureau calculates and estimates future development of the workforce may not be able to capture the dra-matic changes that our future holds. One panel convened by the task force suggested that it would be impossible to do projections in any single way to predict the workforce, but that, with additional resources, the Bureau of Labor Statistics could model for a vari-ety of scenarios of different rates of technological change in different areas. My amendment increases the BLS ac-count by a dollar and decreases it by a dollar, and I intend it to mean that the BLS should submit to Congress an esti-mate of the resources it would need to make a range of forward-looking esti-mates, including consultation with those industries that are driving this rapid technological change and those that will be affected by that change to account for the increasing rate of tech-nological job displacement. It is hard to estimate by backward- looking extrapolations how the changes from self-driving cars and ve-hicles or artificial intelligence will af-fect the real jobs of the future. Technological changes in the work-force are not new. The industrial revo-lution and the automation of agri-culture transformed the way work was performed in our country and signifi-cantly improved, on the whole, our standard of living over time. b1745 The results have not been uniform for all communities and all popu-lations. Those transformations typi-cally played out over generations, so our social and political institutions had ample time to respond. But today, development and deployment of tech-nology is far more rapid, and Congress, business, and our educational system need the best possible data to evaluate policy proposals and to produce the workforce training needed for future employees and to develop educational curricula to ensure that our economy works for everyone. Like in the industrial revolution, technological development presents the opportunity for a greatly improved standard of living, but it will also bring challenges to our workforce. Busi-nesses, communities, and the govern-ment must work together. Additional considerations in the pro-jections made by the BLS will help Congress to anticipate these changes and to weigh proposed solutions. Objec-tive projections based on empirical evi-dence are crucial to a debate that will be based on our different views of the role of government and its relationship with market forces. Those are the dif-ferences that should shape our ideas for helping Americans enjoy prosperous and full lives in the future. I urge my colleagues to join me and vote ‘‘yes’’ on my amendment to begin to establish a range of scenarios for the Bureau of Labor Statistics and the fu-ture world that we will inhabit. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, although I do not object to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, the gentle-man’s amendment has no net impact on the funding of the bill, so I do not oppose the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FOSTER. I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. FOSTER ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 141 OFFERED BY MS . MENG  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 141 printed in House Report 115–297. Ms. MENG. Mr. Chairman, I rise as the designee of the gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM ), and I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 734, line 10, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. Page 770, line 18, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. M
ENG) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from New York. Ms. MENG. Mr. Chairman, I rise to encourage my colleagues to support my amendment, which simply increases funding for the Behavioral Health Workforce and Training program by $5 million. This is a reasonable show of support for this important program, which saw its funding cut in half in this bill. The Behavioral Health Workforce and Training program supports edu-cation and training for careers in be-havioral health at institutions of high-er education and through professional and paraprofessional training pro-grams, with a focus on rural and medi-cally underserved communities. This program was created as part of the 21st Century Cures Act in response to the significant nationwide shortage of be-havioral health providers. According to SAMHSA, 55 percent of U.S. counties do not have a practicing behavioral health provider, and 77 per-cent of counties reported unmet behav-ioral health needs. These statistics would be alarming at any time, but they are particularly concerning in the midst of a national opioid epidemic. A 2016 Surgeon General’s Report found that only 10 percent of people with a substance abuse disorder receive any type of specialty treatment. Addi-tionally, 60 percent of adults with a mental illness didn’t receive mental health services in the previous year. This lack of access to services has se-vere consequences for the individuals seeking treatment, their families, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.135 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7283 September 12, 2017 
our communities. When they don’t have access to treatment, individuals with behavioral health needs receive a whole different set of services. Jails and sometimes emergency rooms be-come the de facto behavioral health system. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to make this important investment in the behavioral health workforce, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, the gentle-woman from New York, representing the gentlewoman from New Mexico, raises a very important point. The amendment offered is for an in-crease to a workforce training pro-gram. Our committee understands the value of this program, which is why we did not accept the administration’s budget request which actually termi-nated the program. We were able to fund it, though, below last year’s level. Our committee received an alloca-tion that was lower than fiscal year 2017, and as I have explained several times before and doubtless will again, we had to make some very tough deci-sions. I do pledge to work with the gen-tlewoman as we work toward the fiscal year 2018 final bill. At this time, though, I must oppose the amendment and urge its rejection. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from New York (Ms. M
ENG). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 142 OFFERED BY MS . MENG  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 142 printed in House Report 115–297. Ms. MENG. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 734, line 10, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $4,000,000)’’. Page 770, line 18, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $4,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. M
ENG) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from New York. Ms. MENG. Mr. Chair, this amend-ment seeks to increase funding for HRSA’s Geriatrics Workforce Enhance-ment Program by $4 million, restoring program funding to the current en-acted level. I am thankful to the chairman for the funding amount already provided for in this bill, but I am hopeful that we can go one step further and fully fund this program again in the coming fiscal year. The Geriatrics Workforce Enhance-ment Program improves healthcare for older Americans by providing clinical training opportunities to students, medical faculty and providers, direct service workers, patients, families, and caregivers that integrate geriatric and primary care delivery systems. In the 2015–2016 academic year, grant-ees provided training to 18,451 students and fellows participating in a variety of geriatrics-focused degree programs, field placements, and fellowships. Of these trainees, 11,824 graduated or com-pleted their training during the most recent academic year, and grantees partnered with 365 hospitals, long-term care facilities, and academic institu-tions to provide clinical training expe-riences to trainees. America’s population is aging, and it is imperative that new generations of healthcare professionals and providers have the skills needed to care for older Americans. Every person in this Cham-ber at some point in their life will wish their healthcare provider had this training. I hope we will all recognize that fact today and do what is prudent. I hope we will unanimously support this amendment, plan for the future healthcare of our Nation, and restore funding to the HRSA Geriatrics Work-force Enhancement Program account. Mr. Chair, I urge support for this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposi-tion to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, frankly, there is considerable merit to the amendment the gentlewoman is sug-gesting. The amendment offered is for an in-crease to the workforce training pro-gram. Our committee understands the value of this program, which is why we did not accept the administration’s budget request, which terminated the program. We were able to fund it, though, below last year’s level. How-ever, I will certainly commit to my friend that we will work with her as we go through the process toward the final bill, and hopefully we can find a way to increase this at a later time. At this time, however, Mr. Chairman, I must oppose the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MENG. Mr. Chair, again, this amendment requires that the program be fully funded. I do look forward to working with the chairman, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from New York (Ms. M
ENG). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 145 OFFERED BY MR . KILDEE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 145 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: Page 735, line 14, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $24,800,000)’’. Page 770, line 18, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $24,800,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, I rise to support the amendment that I have of-fered to increase funding for the very successful Healthy Start program, add-ing $24.8 million to match the Presi-dent’s funding request. The Healthy Start program helps in-fants start out life with the support they need to grow into successful adults. It provides prenatal care, basic health needs, and promotes positive parenting practices for thousands of children. It is especially important to the peo-ple of my hometown, as I mentioned before, and many other communities trying to work through exposure to high levels of lead, which is a neurotoxin. Of course, we know there is no cure, but the way we treat and the support we provide these youngsters often gives them a chance to overcome these sorts of developmental hurdles. Healthy Start is a critical way to do that by helping infants and their fami-lies mitigate the effects of that lead exposure. Flint’s ongoing process brought to light the nationwide issues that we face in drinking water. People are more aware of these issues and the im-pacts they can have on families. So it is incumbent upon us to do everything we can not just to repair the damage, but to actually help those who are struggling to get through these sorts of developmental challenges. Healthy Start is a proven program. It does that. It is one of the reasons that I essentially take the same position that President Trump is taking: we should have a greater investment in Healthy Start. I don’t often find myself in that position, but in this case, I am willing to assert that on this floor. Early childhood education gives kids, regardless of their socioeconomic back-ground, a chance. I think it is our duty to give every child a fair chance to suc-ceed. That is what this amendment is intended to do. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank my friend for his amendment. I wish I could support it, quite frankly, because I very much support Healthy Start and very much appreciate his support for that program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.139 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7284 September 12, 2017 
As the gentleman knows, again, our subcommittee received an allocation below last year’s level. As a result, we did not have the ability to increase funding for some programs, this one in-cluded. The gentleman’s amendment offsets the increase with a reduction in the re-sources for the Secretary of Health and Human Services to carry out his re-sponsibilities. A reduction of this size would hinder the Secretary’s ability to administer the program effectively. For this reason, I oppose the amend-ment. I want to assure my friend, as we work our way through this process, I am going to try and work with him to see if we can find a way to actually in-crease those funds, but at this point, we simply don’t have them available. For that reason, Mr. Chairman, I op-pose the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, again, I would just encourage my colleagues to support this amendment. I do appreciate very much my friend from Oklahoma’s sincere support for the effort. Let’s hope that the amend-ment passes. If it does not, I do look forward to working with him in order to ensure that every child who could potentially benefit from this program does, in fact, have that opportunity. Mr. Chairman, I again urge my col-leagues to support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan will be postponed. b1800 
AMENDMENT NO . 149 OFFERED BY MR . FLORES  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 149 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. FLORES. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 740, line 7, insert ‘‘(increased by $40,000,000)’’ after the dollar amount. Page 740, line 8, insert ‘‘(increased by $40,000,000)’’ after the dollar amount. Page 744, line 7, insert ‘‘(increased by $40,000,000)’’ after the dollar amount. Page 746, line 12, insert ‘‘(increased by $40,000,000)’’ after the dollar amount. Page 756, line 21, insert ‘‘(decreased by $120,000,000)’’ after the dollar amount. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
LORES ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. FLORES. Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer an amendment that redirects $120 million from CMS overhead spend-ing, which is a 31⁄2percent reduction, towards increasing funding in three specific areas: $40 million for pediatric research, $40 million for Alzheimer’s research, and $40 million to address our country’s opioid crisis. The approval of this amendment will motivate CMS to modify its current punitive bureaucratic culture. Today, hardworking American families are de-manding that their government find competent solutions for a struggling healthcare system, and CMS’ failure to properly implement the Taking Essen-tial Steps for Testing Act of 2012—or the TEST Act, as it is more commonly known—is a notable example of bu-reaucratic incompetence. American families expect the Federal Government to work with healthcare providers, not against them, to ensure the efficient delivery of healthcare. In 2012, the TEST Act was passed and signed into law due to the mandatory and harsh sanctions that CMS was then imposing on hospitals and labs that violated the Clinical Laboratory Im-provements Amendments Act—or CLIA, for short. While CLIA regulations are nec-essary, in some instances, the sanc-tions that CMS imposed against hos-pitals and laboratories at the time that inadvertently violated the statute were found to be draconian and at odds with the efficient delivery of healthcare. At the time the TEST Act was con-sidered in 2012, Congress determined that there were instances where a hos-pital or laboratory’s violations were accidental, unintentional, and resulted in no patient harm. At the time, CMS lacked the flexi-bility to align the severity of the sanc-tions for minor and inadvertent actions at the lab, resulting in needless puni-tive penalties, such as revoking lab certificates and banning principals from owning or operating certified lab-oratories. The TEST Act was passed in 2012 to provide CMS with needed discretion to substitute reasonable alternative sanc-tions in the event of minor or inad-vertent violations. In lieu of the pre-viously mandatory sanctions, the TEST Act allowed more appropriate remedies like directed plans of action, onsite monitoring, and/or modest mon-etary penalties. Yet, despite being given this mandate and this flexibility, CMS has written its regulations and interpreted the un-derlying statute in a way that are clearly at odds with Congress’ intent in the TEST Act. There are serious im-pacts when CMS fails to use their con-gressionally mandated discretionary authority to issue appropriate sanc-tions. Healthcare providers are forced to di-vert scarce resources to severe pen-alties, to oppressive settlements, and/ or to a costly appeals process. These would not be needed if CMS had prop-erly implemented the TEST Act. This diverts scarce resources from patient care to dealing with an out-of-control CMS, and negatively impacts healthcare in our communities. I have seen this firsthand in my dis-trict where a nonprofit faith-based community hospital committed an un-intentional CLIA violation that re-sulted in no patient harm. The hospital then self-reported that violation, as we would expect any healthcare provider to do. This hospital is my community’s only level II trauma center and pro-vides a significant amount of uncom-pensated care to the lower income pop-ulation, including minority families. Yet, rather than working collabo-ratively with the hospital, CMS ig-nored the TEST Act and, instead, im-posed crippling sanctions and forced the hospital to engage in a burdensome appeals process. This action will cost this important community resource over $100 million per year. This arbitrary unwarranted action by CMS forces the hospital to divert finite resources toward an un-necessary bureaucratic process instead of taking care of patients. CMS needs to change its implementa-tion of the TEST Act to follow the law. In the meantime, my amendment sends a message that this is not how we ex-pect our Federal Government to act in a time when we are articulating a new vision for building a better American healthcare system. This amendment does this by reduc-ing CMS spending on bureaucracy by $120 million and directing those funds toward true solutions for better healthcare by finding cures for pedi-atric cancer, Alzheimer’s, and opioid abuse. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I have con-siderable sympathy with my friend’s concerns. Frankly, I think he has cer-tainly every right to be concerned about a hospital in his district. I cer-tainly agree with an effort to put addi-tional funding for the opioid epidemic, for pediatric cancer, and for Alz-heimer’s disease. These are all critical issues facing our country. Nevertheless, I must oppose the amendment. The bill actually includes $126 million within the CDC for surveil-lance and prevention of opioid misuse, which continues the large increase pro-vided in fiscal year 2017. The bill also provides a $1.1 billion increase for the National Institutes of Health, which includes a targeted increase of $400 million for research on Alzheimer’s dis-ease, as well as increases for each insti-tute center, including the National 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.143 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7285 September 12, 2017 
Cancer Institute, to support vital re-search on disease such as pediatric can-cer. Furthermore, the bill also continues to provide funds authorized in the 21st Century Cures Act, including $300 mil-lion for the Cancer Moonshot, and $500 million for opioid abuse. Finally, the reduction of funding at CMS proposed by my friend would weaken the agency’s ability to prop-erly manage and administer Medicare and Medicaid. So for that reason, I must oppose my friend’s amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FLORES. Mr. Chair, the bottom line is that hardworking American families are tired of having unelected, unaccountable bureaucrats ignore con-gressional intent when implementing legislation such as the important TEST Act. We must send a message to CMS today. Now is the time to right this wrong. In the meantime, I ask my col-leagues to support my amendment to cut CMS by 3
1⁄2percent, $120 million, and to increase research funding for pe-diatric cancer, for Alzheimer’s, and for opioid treatment. This amendment is a win-win amendment for American healthcare. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. P
OCAN ). Mr. POCAN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in reluctant opposition to this amend-ment. I strongly support additional funding for the CDC, the National Can-cer Institute, and the National Insti-tute on Aging. I have spent my time in Congress fighting for those agencies. In fact, over the past 2 years, Demo-crats on the Labor-HHS Subcommittee have worked closely with Chairman T
OMCOLEto increase the NIH budgets by $2 billion annually, and I hope we are able to do it again this year. But this amendment is fundamen-tally flawed because it slashes $120 mil-lion from the CMS Program Manage-ment. Keep in mind that the CMS Pro-gram Management account is already cut by a $524 million in the underlying bill. That is a 13 percent cut. This amendment would increase that cut to more than 16 percent. According to HHS, over 143 million Americans will rely on programs ad-ministered by CMS, including Medi-care, Medicaid, CHIP, and the Federal health insurance exchanges. Why would my colleagues in the ma-jority support more than $600 million in cuts to the Medicare, Medicaid, and CHIP programs? Slashing their administrative budg-ets by 16 percent is certain to harm services that impact Americans on a daily basis. These cuts will directly harm America’s seniors, the blind, low- and middle-income families, children with disabilities, and Americans with chronic conditions like end-stage renal disease, as well as pregnant mothers and newborns. CMS programs face historic growth in the years to come. A cut of $644 mil-lion to its administrative budget would open up the program to mismanage-ment, fraud, and abuse. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. FLORES ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. FLORES. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas will be post-poned. 
AMENDMENT NO . 150 OFFERED BY MS . TENNEY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 150 printed in House Report 115–297. Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 741, line 5, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $14,000,000)’’. Page 763, line 3, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. Page 764, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. T
ENNEY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from New York. Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment to increase funding to the Community Services Block Grant program. I am proud to represent the 22nd District of New York, a once thriving hub of inno-vation and manufacturing. My district has suffered the fate of too many Rust Belt communities. Against the backdrop of crushing taxes and soaring costs, it is harder than ever for my constituents to find good-paying jobs that match their skills. A tragic result of this lack of opportunity has been increasing pov-erty, especially among our most vul-nerable populations. In addition to supporting common-sense pro-growth policies in Congress to reduce regulations and encourage in-novation, programs like the Commu-nity Services Block Grant play a vi-tally important role in fulfilling the unmet needs of our neighbors. CSBG funding directly supports pro-grams aimed at reducing poverty and assisting low-income individuals, the homeless, and the elderly. It allows States and community action agencies in each of our districts the flexibility to improve living conditions, increase self-sufficiency, and foster strong fam-ily support systems. In my district, the Mohawk Valley Community Action Agency in Utica has received more than $640,000 from the CSBG program, which they have used to support Head Start program-ming that promotes early childhood de-velopment, and the Home Energy As-sistance Program, which helps seniors meet ever-rising energy costs in the very cold Northeast. All told, the CSBG program accounts for more than $55 million in financial assistance to New York State funding, which touches the lives of more than 705,000 New Yorkers. This number in-cludes more than 46,000 individuals with disabilities and more than 317,000 children in my district. Cuts to this program will have a disproportionate impact on some of the most at-risk and forgotten constituents in our district. I am grateful that this committee has recognized the importance of this program, and I am especially thankful for Chairman COLE’s leadership on this issue. The committee has expressed a willingness to work with me to ensure that the final appropriations bill worked out in conference includes ro-bust funding for this CSBG program. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. C
OLE). Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gentlewoman for working with us on this, and I want to assure that we will work with her. I appre-ciate her concern for the Community Services Block Grant program. As my good friend from New York knows, that program was actually zeroed out in the administration’s budget. We replaced $600 million of $715 million, but it clearly is an important program to many Members on both sides of the aisle, has a superb reputation, and we are going to do everything that we pos-sibly can to build upon that and get back to at least the fiscal year 2017 level. The gentlewoman’s leadership in this is greatly appreciated, and we look for-ward to working with her as we go for-ward. Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Chairman, because of Chairman C
OLE’s great willingness to work with and help the truly needy people in our communities, I am going to be withdrawing my amendment this evening. I look forward to working with Chairman C
OLEas we move for-ward in this process, and I just want to say thank you. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time, and I withdraw my amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT NO . 152 OFFERED BY MR . NOLAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 152 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 744, line 7, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $3,819,000)’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.146 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7286 September 12, 2017 
Page 770, line 18, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $3,819,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. N
OLAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, as co-chairman of the bipartisan Congressional Lung Cancer Caucus, I want to first express my ap-preciation for allowing my amendment to be made here in order and for the work of the committee. Make no mistake, these extra funds that are in my measure, the $3.8 mil-lion for cancer research at the National Cancer Institute, are urging that it be spent on lung cancer, in particular. Those extra funds will make an enor-mous difference in battling lung can-cer, which is, as you all know, the most deadly of all the cancers. b1815 As many of you know, my daughter, Katherine, was diagnosed with stage IV nonsmoking small cell lung cancer al-most 2 years ago. Thanks to medical research and the daily prayers of so many of my colleagues here in the House, Katherine is still with us. But like so many thousands of oth-ers, she is still courageously and des-perately fighting for her future. We can provide those people with some real hope and support for their determina-tion through additional research dol-lars that are so desperately needed. As you know—or may not know—we have made little or no progress in the last 20 years in combating lung cancer. There is still a survival rate of some-thing less than 1 or 2 percent. But make no mistake, the money that this committee and this Congress and this House has provided for re-search not just in cancer, but many of the other fields, has played a critically important role in increasing our life expectancies—played the lead role in increasing our life expectancies in this country. In my grandfather’s time it was 47, and now it is almost 80. But one of the areas where we just haven’t been able to make any progress at all is in lung cancer research. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to sup-port this modest request for a modest amount of money to be added to help-ing us make some progress in lung can-cer research in the way that we have done for so many other forms of the disease. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, even though I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I wish to advise my friend we certainly intend to accept his amendment, and I look for-ward to working with him as we go for-ward on the bill. I think there are some other areas where we can increase funding, as well, that would fit with my friend’s objective. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Chairman, I express my thanks and gratitude, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. N
OLAN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 154 OFFERED BY MS . CLARK OF  
MASSACHUSETTS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 154 printed in House Report 115–297. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of the gen-tlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ), I offer amendment No. 154. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 751, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $231,330,000)’’. Page 770, line 18, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $219,620,000)’’. Page 805, line 25, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $11,710,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. C
LARK ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Massachusetts. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would re-store funding for the mental health programs cut in this bill. Specifically, it would reverse the $142 million in cuts to SAMHSA’s mental health block grant and restore funding for Project AWARE State grants and Healthy Transitions, which were both elimi-nated in the underlying bill. For so long, mental health issues were relegated to the shadows, ap-proached with the shame and mis-understanding that only exacerbates pain for people and their families; but today, we know how widespread these issues are, and we need to approach them without stigma and treat them the same way we would treat other ill-nesses. According to Mental Health America, one in five adults has a mental health condition, yet more than half of Ameri-cans with a mental illness receive no treatment. Many families without health coverage or whose coverage will not cover mental health or recovery programs rely on services funded by SAMHSA’s mental health block grant. This amendment would restore those funds. This amendment also restores fund-ing for Project AWARE and the Healthy Transitions grant program, which were created in the aftermath of the Sandy Hook school shooting, which took the lives of 6 adults and 20 beau-tiful children. In response to this trag-edy, the administration and Congress came together to support several new programs to help communities identify and treat behavioral disorders. The Project AWARE program, often referred to as a mental health first aid, seeks to increase awareness of mental health issues among our children, train teachers and other school staff to iden-tify and respond to mental health issues, and connect children to the ap-propriate behavioral health services. The Healthy Transitions program im-proves access to treatment and support services for young adults with serious mental health conditions. Together, we can make our commu-nities more welcoming, compassionate, and safe for everyone, and restoring this funding is an essential part of that effort. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I appre-ciate the gentlewoman’s concern. She is a very valuable member of the sub-committee. This is an area in which she not only has considerable passion, but considerable expertise. However, as the gentlewoman also knows, we have an allocation well below last year’s level, and we had to make, again, a dif-ficult decision. Reduction of this magnitude of the Health and Human Services’ adminis-trative functions would eliminate the core funding for the Secretary’s office completely, and for that reason I would oppose the amendment. However, I want the gentlewoman and, certainly, our good mutual friend from Connecticut whom she is rep-resenting tonight to know that, as we work with our colleagues in the Senate on a bill to reach the President’s desk, I intend to work on these issues with her and with my friends on both sides of the aisle to address the concerns that she raised in her remarks. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. C
LARK ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Massachusetts will be postponed. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I move that the committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE7.076 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7287 September 12, 2017 
Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. O
LSON ) having assumed the chair, Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under con-sideration the bill (H.R. 3354) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2018, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
LITTLE ROCK CENTRAL HIGH SCHOOL NATIONAL HISTORIC SITE BOUNDARY MODIFICATION ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfin-ished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2611) to modify the boundary of the Little Rock Central High School National Historic Site, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 390, nays 0, not voting 43, as follows: 
[Roll No. 485] YEAS—390 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Cummings Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marshall Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—43 
Bilirakis Bridenstine Buchanan Butterfield Carter (GA) Castor (FL) Clarke (NY) Cook Costa Crist Crowley Curbelo (FL) DeLauro Demings DeSantis Deutch Diaz-Balart Garrett Graves (MO) Grijalva Labrador Lawson (FL) Loudermilk Maloney, Carolyn B. Marino Mast Messer Poe (TX) Posey Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rutherford Ryan (OH) Scalise Schrader Scott, Austin Soto Tiberi Titus Tsongas Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) b1852 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to attend votes due to work in my Congressional District regarding hurricane re-lief. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 485. 
f 
AUTHORIZING USE OF EMANCI-PATION HALL TO PRESENT CON-GRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL TO FILIPINO VETERANS OF WORLD WAR II Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on House Administration be dis-charged from further consideration of Senate Concurrent Resolution 23, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the con-current resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois). Is there ob-jection to the request of the gentleman from Mississippi? There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
S. C ON. RES. 23 Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), 
SECTION 1. USE OF EMANCIPATION HALL FOR CEREMONY TO PRESENT THE CON-GRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL TO THE FILIPINO VETERANS OF WORLD WAR II. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center is authorized to be used on October 25, 2017 for a ceremony to present the Congressional Gold Medal collec-tively to the Filipino Veterans of World War II in recognition of their dedicated military service. (b) P
REPARATIONS .—Physical preparations for the conduct of the ceremony described in subsection (a) shall be carried out in accord-ance with such conditions as may be pre-scribed by the Architect of the Capitol. 
The concurrent resolution was con-curred in. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
CONDEMNING THE VIOLENCE AND DOMESTIC TERRORIST ATTACK THAT TOOK PLACE DURING EVENTS BETWEEN AUGUST 11 AND AUGUST 12, 2017, IN CHAR-LOTTESVILLE, VIRGINIA Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 49) condemning the violence and domestic terrorist attack that took place during events between Au-gust 11 and August 12, 2017, in Char-lottesville, Virginia, recognizing the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.155 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7288 September 12, 2017 
first responders who lost their lives while monitoring the events, offering deepest condolences to the families and friends of those individuals who were killed and deepest sympathies and sup-port to those individuals who were in-jured by the violence, expressing sup-port for the Charlottesville commu-nity, rejecting White nationalists, White supremacists, the Ku Klux Klan, neo-Nazis, and other hate groups, and urging the President and the Presi-dent’s Cabinet to use all available re-sources to address the threats posed by those groups, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the joint resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. The text of the joint resolution is as follows: 
S.J. R ES. 49 Whereas, on the night of Friday, August 11, 2017, a day before a White nationalist dem-onstration was scheduled to occur in Char-lottesville, Virginia, hundreds of torch-bear-ing White nationalists, White supremacists, Klansmen, and neo-Nazis chanted racist, anti-Semitic, and anti-immigrant slogans and violently engaged with counter-dem-onstrators on and around the grounds of the University of Virginia in Charlottesville; Whereas, on Saturday, August 12, 2017, ahead of the scheduled start time of the planned march, protestors and counter-dem-onstrators gathered at Emancipation Park in Charlottesville; Whereas the extremist demonstration turned violent, culminating in the death of peaceful counter-demonstrator Heather Heyer and injuries to 19 other individuals after a neo-Nazi sympathizer allegedly drove a vehicle into a crowd, an act that resulted in a charge of second degree murder, 3 counts of malicious wounding, and 1 count of hit and run; Whereas 2 Virginia State Police officers, Lieutenant H. Jay Cullen and Trooper Pilot Berke M.M. Bates, died in a helicopter crash as they patrolled the events occurring below them; Whereas the Charlottesville community is engaged in a healing process following this horrific and violent display of bigotry; and Whereas White nationalists, White su-premacists, the Ku Klux Klan, neo-Nazis, and other hate groups reportedly are organizing similar events in other cities in the United States and communities everywhere are con-cerned about the growing and open display of hate and violence being perpetrated by those groups: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That Congress— (1) condemns the racist violence and do-mestic terrorist attack that took place be-tween August 11 and August 12, 2017, in Char-lottesville, Virginia; (2) recognizes— (A) Heather Heyer, who was killed, and 19 other individuals who were injured in the re-ported domestic terrorist attack; and (B) several other individuals who were in-jured in separate attacks while standing up to hate and intolerance; (3) recognizes the public service and her-oism of Virginia State Police officers Lieu-tenant H. Jay Cullen and Trooper Pilot Berke M.M. Bates, who lost their lives while responding to the events from the air; (4) offers— (A) condolences to the families and friends of Heather Heyer, Lieutenant H. Jay Cullen, and Trooper Pilot Berke M.M. Bates; and (B) sympathy and support to those individ-uals who are recovering from injuries sus-tained during the attacks; (5) expresses support for the Charlottes-ville community as the community heals fol-lowing this demonstration of violent bigotry; (6) rejects White nationalism, White su-premacy, and neo-Nazism as hateful expres-sions of intolerance that are contradictory to the values that define the people of the United States; and (7) urges— (A) the President and his administration to— (i) speak out against hate groups that espouse racism, extremism, xenophobia, anti-Semitism, and White supremacy; and (ii) use all resources available to the Presi-dent and the President’s Cabinet to address the growing prevalence of those hate groups in the United States; and (B) the Attorney General to work with— (i) the Secretary of Homeland Security to investigate thoroughly all acts of violence, intimidation, and domestic terrorism by White supremacists, White nationalists, neo- Nazis, the Ku Klux Klan, and associated groups in order to determine if any criminal laws have been violated and to prevent those groups from fomenting and facilitating addi-tional violence; and (ii) the heads of other Federal agencies to improve the reporting of hate crimes and to emphasize the importance of the collection, and the reporting to the Federal Bureau of Investigation, of hate crime data by State and local agencies. 
The joint resolution was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to re-consider was laid on the table. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
ITCHELL ). Pursuant to House Resolu-tion 504 and rule XVIII, the Chair de-clares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 3354. Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS) kindly resume the chair. b1856 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 3354) making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes, with Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, a request for a recorded vote on amend-ment No. 154 printed in House Report 115–297 offered by the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. C
LARK ) had been postponed. AMENDMENT NO . 155 OFFERED BY MR . MURPHY  
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 155 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 752, line 19, strike ‘‘$15,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$20,000,000’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
URPHY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chair, I want to speak on this amend-ment, which provides some additional funding for assisted outpatient treat-ment. The underlying bill has in it $15 mil-lion, and we are asking for it to be raised to $20 million. First of all, I want to say where the money is coming from. This is within the budget of SAMHSA. This is not new spending. It is not additional spending. But over my years of investigating mental health in the United States and the conditions, and then led to my introduction of the Helping Families in Mental Health Cri-sis Act, which, by the way, this House passed 442–2, this level of funding was authorized in the bill. It is already au-thorized there. It is to come from the SAMHSA account, not new spending. Let me describe what assisted out-patient treatment is. Understanding that there are about 60 million Ameri-cans with mental illness, and 10 million have severe mental illness, it is impor-tant to note that our prisons are filled with people who have mental illness. On some level, 60 to 80 percent of peo-ple in jail have a mental illness. That is no place to be treating someone. But, unfortunately, they may have a crime they committed, and in many cases it could simply be vagrancy, it could be other issues, too, where they may have become violent, they may have had other problems associated with that, but a person with mental ill-ness is 10 times more likely to be in prison than to be in a hospital bed. We don’t have enough hospital beds. Ninety percent of the psychiatric hos-pital beds in this country have been closed down since the 1950s. Now we need 100,000 more, but instead what we do as a society, we throw them in pris-on. A few years ago, when New York passed Kendra’s Law, when a young woman was killed by a mentally ill person, they realized that had he been in treatment, it likely never would have happened. b1900 So rather than having someone, if we can’t put them in a hospital, can’t get 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.158 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7289 September 12, 2017 
them treatment, the idea of assisted outpatient treatment is, when a pa-tient can be stabilized by remaining on their medication, by having their coun-seling, perhaps supportive housing, supportive education, supportive em-ployment, their life can turn around. So what happens is, a court, a judge, protecting this person’s own rights, civil rights on every level, will say to this person: I am not going to involun-tarily commit you to a hospital. Your crime doesn’t rise to the level—it is not a felony or something like that—it doesn’t rise to the level of prison, but what they say is: We are going to re-quire, however, that you stay in treat-ment, require that you take your medi-cation, that you stay in counseling, and you do other things as prescribed by the court. Now, most States allow this, but here is the problem: in many counties in America, they don’t have the ability to pay the administrative costs to handle this. So this amendment provides a mechanism whereby people can do this. So understand, the assisted out-patient treatment is a civil-legal pro-cedure whereby a judge can order an individual with a serious mental illness to follow a court ordered treatment plan in the community. Here is another thing about this: Does it work? And the answer is yes. In a Duke University study of the New York AOT program, it said 90 percent of the people said that AOT made them more likely to keep appointments or to take medication; 88 percent said they and their case manager agreed on what is important for them to work on; 87 percent of them said they were com-petent in their case manager’s ability to help them; 87 percent had fewer in-carcerations; 83 percent had fewer ex-perienced arrests—and the point is, they had an increased number of ar-rests prior to being in AOT, and then afterwards it declined precipitously. Eighty-one percent said AOT helped them get and to stay well; 77 percent fewer experienced psychiatric hos-pitalizations; 75 percent reported that AOT helped them gain control of their life; 74 percent fewer experienced homelessness; 55 percent fewer experi-enced suicide attempts or physical harm to themselves; 49 percent fewer abused alcohol; 48 percent fewer abused drugs; 47 percent fewer physically harmed others; 46 percent fewer dam-aged and destroyed property; and costs were cut in half. This small amount of money—and be-lieve me, it would cost perhaps 10 or 20 times more to really do this thor-oughly—is there to help people in men-tal health crisis. We could either con-tinue to throw people in jail, continue to see crimes happen—and by the way, when a mentally ill person is in prison, 80 percent of them get no treatment. We put them back on the streets and the problems occur again. The House passed this. It came out of committee unanimously. We need to do this for America. We don’t want to read more statistics on a mentally ill person who harmed someone, primarily because they were not in treatment. This is our opportunity to save lives. This is our opportunity to do some-thing about this. And I do ask that the House pass this small amendment out of an existing budget, no new spending, to provide an additional $5 million for assisted outpatient treatment. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Madam Chair, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR (Ms. F
OXX). The gentleman from Oklahoma is recog-nized for 5 minutes. Mr. COLE. Madam Chair, I thank the gentlewoman and want to begin by ac-knowledging that my very good friend is the recognized expert in this House on all matters related to mental health and has probably done more on behalf of this cause than anybody in this Chamber in very many years. So it is with great reluctance that I opposed this particular amendment, earlier, when we actually accepted. But the amendment increases fund-ing for programs currently funded at $15 million, the same as last year. As my friend knows, our committee actu-ally received an allocation that was lower than last year, and we had lim-ited resources to provide increases. But in recognition of the importance of the Assisted Outpatient Treatment Program, my committee maintained funding for the program at its current levels. I want to assure my friend, I intend to work with him during the process as we negotiate with the Senate. I would expect we probably will have a dif-ferent allocation. We may be able to revisit this issue, and I would hope that we can, and certainly will, work with my friend. But at this time, I simply must op-pose the amendment so we can stay within our current allocation. Madam Chair, I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE). Ms. LEE. Madam Chair, before I dis-cuss this amendment, I would just like to take a minute to offer my and all of our condolences to honor the memory of Congresswoman D
ELAURO ’s dear mother, Luisa DeLauro, who passed away at the age of 103 this weekend. As Congresswoman D
ELAURO always said, her mother was a fearless champion for women’s equality, and I hope that to-night we can really think about Con-gresswoman D
ELAURO , her family, and her mother, and offer our sincere con-dolences to her. Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment which would shift an additional $5 million away from SAMHSA’s existing mental health pro-grams. In the bill under consideration today, SAMHSA’s mental health pro-grams, they are already cut by $231 million. That is a 20 percent cut. Unfortunately, this amendment would further reduce funding for crit-ical SAMHSA programs such as Mental Health First Aid, Suicide Prevention, and the National Child Traumatic Stress Network. We need to be increas-ing support for mental health services, not robbing Peter to pay Paul by shift-ing funds from one program to another. Now, by profession, I am a psy-chiatric social worker, and I founded a community mental health center. Be-lieve me, I personally know the impact and the need, the unmet need, for addi-tional funding for mental health serv-ices. As my colleagues and I have noted, the allocations approved by the com-mittee are approximately $5 billion below the nondefense level allowed under the Budget Control Act. That is $5 billion down. We have the resources available, yet the majority refuses to allocate them to support critical programs such as mental health and substance abuse services. This bill is $5 billion below the fiscal 2017 funding level. That is why Members are being forced to rob critical programs to transfer funding to other programs. We need to negotiate a bipartisan budget deal that lifts the sequestration caps and provides significant funding for mental health and substance abuse pro-grams for individuals who need them. Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Madam Chair, as the designee of Ranking Member LOWEY , I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Madam Chair, I rise today in support of amendment 155, the assisted outpatient treatment, $5 million in-crease; $20 million total. As the original cosponsor of H.R. 2646, the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act of 2016, I recognize the importance of funding for out-patient treatment. As a former chief psychiatric nurse at the VA hospital in Dallas, Texas, I have witnessed the unintended con-sequences of the deinstitutionalization process. Many of my own patients, di-agnosed with severe mental illnesses, were discharged with 30 days of pre-scription medicines and did not have stable housing. Once they ran out of their prescrip-tions, their condition worsened, they suffered psychotic breaks, and they be-came homeless or incarcerated. Indi-viduals with untreated psychiatric ill-ness now make up one-third of the Na-tion’s estimated homeless population. That totals 600,000. In Texas, there are 35,000 incarcer-ated individuals with a severe mental illness, but only 4,500 psychiatric beds are available in all of the Texas hos-pitals combined. This amendment increases court-or-dered assisted outpatient treatment by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.161 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7290 September 12, 2017 
$5 million to meet the fully authorized amount of $20 million in support of the severely mentally ill, thereby allowing them to get treatment in the commu-nity without incarceration or hos-pitalization. This outpatient treatment reduces incarceration, homelessness, and emer-gency room visits by upwards of 70 per-cent. I urge support of this amendment. This country has neglected the men-tally ill, and this country is suffering because of it. We have got to recognize the need, and I urge everyone to sup-port this amendment. Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Madam Chair, I just want to say, in-vesting in the AOT program, Congress says it is worth it to ensure the most vulnerable among us have the treat-ment they need, instead of being in ERs, or jails. This pilot is extremely important. It saves money. It saves lives. And for Members to reflect back on this, I hope they would rather say: I helped fund a program known to save lives. SAMHSA has been reported many times by the GAO to waste a lot of money. This saves lives, and I urge people to vote for this amendment. Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. COLE. Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
UR-
PHY). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 156 OFFERED BY MR . KELLY OF  
PENNSYLVANIA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 156 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 763, line 3, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000) (in-creased by $5,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Madam Chair, I rise in support of my amend-ment No. 156. Over the past 25 years, infant adop-tions have decreased, and only about 1 percent of pregnant women choose adoption. While there are approxi-mately 2 million couples waiting to adopt in the United States, there were only 18,329 domestic infant adoptions in 2014. Unfortunately, too many women who have encountered unplanned preg-nancies report not receiving adequate information about adoption. Everyone facing an unplanned pregnancy should have access to timely, accurate, and noncoercive information about adop-tion that helps them make their own fully informed decision. In 2000, Congress authorized the In-fant Adoption Awareness Training Pro-gram. This program awards grants to adoption organizations to train healthcare workers who offer health services to expectant mothers and are trained to provide adoption informa-tion and referral. In the year 2000, the program annu-ally delivered training to an estimated 10,000 healthcare workers nationwide. This program was phased out in 2010. This bill funds adoption awareness programs at $39.1 million. My amend-ment designates $5 million of that funding to restart the Infant Adoption Awareness Training Program with the goal of ensuring that expectant moth-ers have access to timely, accurate in-formation about adoptions. I also support the administration’s effort to fund activities to improve hospital-based adoption support serv-ices for our expectant mothers. I urge them to continue this hospital-based program to ensure that mothers who wish to make an adoption have access to comprehensive support throughout the entire adoption process. Adoption is a bipartisan issue, and it is vital that individuals who are pro-viding health services to expectant mothers are trained to properly pro-vide adoption information and referral. Madam Chair, I urge adoption of this amendment. Mr. COLE. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. I yield to the gentleman from Oklahoma. Mr. COLE. Madam Chair, I don’t rise to oppose. I just wanted to commend my friend for bringing this issue and highlighting it. We think it is very im-portant. We wanted to note that we support what he is trying to do. We certainly accept the amendment, and we look forward to working with him through the process to help achieve the objec-tives that he stated. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. I re-serve the balance of my time. b1915 Ms. LEE. Madam Chair, I claim the time in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. LEE. Madam Chair, this amend-ment cuts $5 million from the account that funds, mind you, Head Start, Run-away and Homeless Youth grants, and the Community Services Block Grant, among other critical programs, and uses it to provide $5 million in new funding for the Infant Adoption Aware-ness Training program. Now, this pro-gram did not receive funding in fiscal year ‘17. Women should have access to all op-tions when considering the impacts of an unintended pregnancy, of which one is adoption. But we should not ignore the irreplaceable role of preventing un-intended pregnancy by providing edu-cation and health services. The underlying bill limits women’s access to care by prohibiting funding to the Title X Family Planning pro-gram, a program specifically created to ensure women have access to high- quality family planning services to prevent unintended pregnancies and ac-cess reproductive care services. By de-nying women access to comprehensive family planning and preventative health services, the bill would have a devastating impact on women and fam-ilies, especially low-income women and women in rural communities. In 2014, Title X Family Planning cen-ters helped women avert 904,000—that is 904,000—unintended pregnancies. Without the services provided by these Title X clinics, the rates of unintended pregnancy in the United States, un-planned birth and abortion, each would have been 33 percent higher, and the teen pregnancy rate would have been 30 percent higher. In addition, Title X providers are re-quired to offer pregnant women the op-portunity to provide information and counseling regarding all of their op-tions—all of their options—in a neu-tral, nondirective, and factual manner, including adoption. For some women, adoption services and counseling may be the best option. But we must ensure that every woman has access to all op-tions and is allowed to make the choice that is best for her and her family. Unfortunately, this bill represents yet another missed opportunity to get serious about reproductive health and preventing unintended pregnancy in this country. This amendment uses funding from other programs in the Children and Families Services ac-count that are critical to the well- being of children, women, and families as an offset for this new program. Funding for Head Start, the Domestic Violence Hotline, programs that help serve and protect runaway and home-less youth, among others, are at risk. Madam Chair, I oppose the amend-ment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman. I do share her concern. That is why we are asking for $5 million of the $39.1 million be used to give expectant mothers the opportunity to learn fully and make a decision based on what they want to do. It is about education. It is about making them fully aware. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.162 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7291 September 12, 2017 
But this is about adoption. This is not about anything else. This is not about taking anything away from any-body. This is about giving them the op-portunity to understand the options that they do have in an unplanned pregnancy. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chair, as I close, while this amendment focuses on adoption services, we cannot ignore what is missing from this bill and from this process, and that is an opportunity to vote on the amendment to fund Title X Family Planning. We must restore funding for family planning services; invest in a comprehensive approach that prioritizes health promotion, edu-cation, services, and care; and an ap-proach that includes sex education pro-grams, better access to birth control, and reproductive health services. I am extremely concerned about the cut that this amendment imposes on the Children and Families account at HHS. I oppose this amendment. This is cutting funds from Head Start, Run-away and Homeless Youth grants, and the Community Services Block Grant, among other critical programs. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentle-woman’s comments. What this is really about is 2 million couples willing to adopt children in the United States. It is hard for me to stand here today and say that it would be a much different world if people were really given the opportunity to understand what their options are and be able to fulfill the wishes of over 2 million couples in the United States who are looking to adopt a child. I think that is incredibly im-portant, and I don’t understand why we couldn’t look at something like that and say this is about adoption. That is all it is about. Now, this is fully endorsed, by the way, by the National Council for Adop-tion. At this time, I would also offer my condolences to Ms. D
ELAURO for the loss of her mother. She is a fine lady, and I am sure that, no matter what, she will look back on the years she spent with her mother and cherish every one of those. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. M
ITCHELL ). The question is on the amendment of-fered by the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. K
ELLY ). The amendment was agreed to. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. S
IMPSON ) having assumed the chair, Mr. M
ITCHELL , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consider-ation the bill (H.R. 3354) making appro-priations for the Department of the In-terior, environment, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2018, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3697, CRIMINAL ALIEN GANG MEMBER REMOVAL ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM SEP-TEMBER 15, 2017, THROUGH SEP-TEMBER 22, 2017 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a priv-ileged report (Rept. No. 115–307) on the resolution (H. Res. 513) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3697) to amend the Immigration and Nation-ality Act with respect to aliens associ-ated with criminal gangs, and for other purposes, and providing for proceedings during the period from September 15, 2017, through September 22, 2017, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 504 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 3354. Will the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. M
ITCHELL ) kindly resume the chair. b1922 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 3354) making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes, with Mr. M
ITCHELL  (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, amendment No. 156 printed in House Report 155–297, offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ) had been disposed of. 
AMENDMENT NO . 158 OFFERED BY MS . BONAMICI  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 158 printed in House Report 115–297. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 767, line 24, insert ‘‘(increased by $51,000,000’’) after the dollar amount. Page 770, line 18, insert ‘‘(reduced by $64,000,000’’) after the 1st dollar amount. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Oregon. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment to in-crease funding for senior nutrition pro-grams under title III of the Older Americans Act. My amendment funds these programs at levels authorized by the House just last year. We are in the middle of an unprece-dented demographic shift as this coun-try ages. The population of older adults is growing faster than at any point in history. As we grow older, we all want people across the country to be able to age with dignity, health, and independ-ence in their own homes and commu-nities for as long as possible. For more than 50 years, the Older Americans Act has supported commu-nity-based providers that reach more than 11 million seniors and caregivers annually in each and every one of our districts providing person-centered as-sistance to help people age in place. These critical OAA services include home-delivered and congregate meals to make sure that older adults are get-ting the nutrition needed to keep them healthy and engaged, which reduces the risk of falls, depression, and other negative outcomes. Just a few weeks ago, I had the pleas-ure of joining dedicated volunteers to deliver Meals on Wheels to seniors in northwest Oregon. I highly recommend this to my colleagues. You can see firsthand the value of these programs and how important these meals and visits are to our constituents who rely on them. The Older Americans Act also covers transportation to get older adults to the doctor, the grocery store, or even to a local senior center to engage with friends and avoid isolation. The OAA funds critical disaster assistance re-sponse efforts for seniors and commu-nities like those just devastated by Hurricanes Harvey and Irma. Unfortunately, funding for the Older Americans Act has drastically lagged behind the growth in the older adult population, the increasing need for services, and the rising cost of deliv-ering these supports. This stagnant and, in some areas, eroding Federal in-vestment in OAA programs costs us more in the long term. When seniors can’t stay healthy at home, they end up in hospitals paid for by Medicare or in institutional long-term care, often funded by Medicaid. Both are far more expensive than adequate investments in the Older Americans Act to keep seniors healthy at home for as long as possible. Support for the Older American Act is strongly bipartisan. Last year, Con-gress voted without opposition to reau-thorize the Older Americans Act, a bill that included modest increases in au-thorized funding levels. Unfortunately, annual appropriations still fall woefully short of these 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.165 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7292 September 12, 2017 
amounts we clearly and firmly ap-proved. This amendment will increase funding for core OAA programs deliv-ered through title III—which include critical nutrition, home- and commu-nity-based support, and caregiver serv-ices—to the amounts that were just so broadly supported last year. These investments in OAA are nec-essary if we are to provide the person- centered, cost-effective in-home serv-ices and supports needed to keep our expanding older population healthy and independent in their homes and communities. This amendment is an essential first step toward rectifying the recent depletion of these important funds for these vital programs. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I appre-ciate the gentlewoman’s concern for programs that support vulnerable sen-iors. Frankly, my committee has pro-vided increases for these programs in prior years because, like her, we under-stand how valuable and important they are to keeping seniors independent in their homes. As the gentlewoman knows, our sub-committee received an allocation below last year’s level, and we were not in a position to provide another year of increases to these programs. The amendment reduces the administration funds available to the Secretary of Health and Human Services. A reduc-tion of this magnitude would signifi-cantly hinder the Secretary’s ability to administer the agency. For this reason, Mr. Chairman, I op-pose the amendment. I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT), who is the ranking mem-ber of the Education and the Workforce Committee, and is someone who under-stands the importance of these invest-ments. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-man, I would like to thank Ms. B
ONAMICI , the vice ranking member of the Education and the Workforce Com-mittee, for offering the amendment and for her leadership on issues affect-ing older Americans. The Older Americans Act was first passed 50 years ago as part of Lyndon Johnson’s War on Poverty. It helps older Americans live with dignity and stay connected with their commu-nities. I am proud that last year we were able to pass a 3-year bipartisan reauthorization that increased funding for the programs. But had our invest-ments in these programs actually kept up with inflation and growing popu-lations, the authorization levels would have been even much more. But, thankfully, the reauthorization moved us in the right direction. This amendment would bring funding for supportive services, nutrition pro-grams, and caregiver supports in line with the authorized level. Even though these are not fully adequate to address the total need, it is another step in the right direction. So I support the amendment and our commitment to older Americans. We can maintain that commitment by adopting this amend-ment, so I thank the gentlewoman for offering it. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chair, may I please inquire as to the remaining time. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Oregon has 1 minute remaining. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I yield 45 seconds to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE), who serves on the Appropriations Committee. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, first, I thank the gentlewoman from Oregon for introducing this amendment. I rise in support of it. We have to really let our seniors know that we care about them. My mother passed away a couple of years ago. She was 90 years old. I recognized personally the importance of com-prehensive services to ensure that our seniors have a quality of life that they so deserve in their senior years. This also helps taxpayers and families avoid paying for more expensive healthcare and long-term care services. So I thank the gentlewoman again on behalf of our constituents. This will strengthen our communities, and I ask for an ‘‘aye’’ vote. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chair, I urge all of my colleagues to support this impor-tant amendment that is a good invest-ment to save in the long term and take care of our seniors. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. b1930 The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 160 OFFERED BY MR . BEN RAY  
LUJA´N OF NEW MEXICO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 160 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 770, line 18, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000) (in-creased by $2,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´N) and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Mexico. Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, my amendment provides $2 million in dedicated funding for peer support and paraprofessionals as part of the Behavioral Health Workforce Education and Training program. Ensuring all Americans have access to affordable and high-quality mental health services should not be a par-tisan issue. It is simply the right thing to do. The purpose of the Behavioral Health Workforce Education and Training pro-gram, which this amendment funds, is to add additional training to serve pop-ulations especially in rural and medi-cally underserved areas. The BHWET program helps close the gap in access to behavioral healthcare by establishing partnerships with a broad range of organizations and com-munity partners to ensure a wide re-cruitment of students, opportunities for field placements, career develop-ment, and to provide job placement services. These efforts will increase the num-ber of able behavorial health providers serving populations across their life-span, including persons in rural, medi-cally underserved, and vulnerable com-munities. Peer support has improved health outcomes while lowering healthcare costs. In fact, there is growing evidence that peer support-related strategies can be used as more engaging and suc-cessful solutions than current hospital and emergency room care-related op-tions. Peer support programs provide individualized, managed care to those who need it the most. Many studies have shown the vast benefits to patients who utilize peer support. For example, a 3-year pilot project called the Peer Health Naviga-tion Intervention, or ‘‘The Bridge,’’ showed that peer support, in addition to a variety of other positive outcomes, shifted the focus of healthcare from ur-gent care and emergency room visits to outpatient primary care. Furthermore, many studies have shown the potential cost savings that the increased implementation of peer support can deliver. A 2006 study dem-onstrated that, for patients using day treatment, the use of certified peer specialists led to a $5,497 cost reduction per person per year. Another successful program based out of Denver, Colorado, showed a re-turn on investment of $2.28 for every dollar spent. As evidenced by these and other studies, a small investment in peer support services will greatly re-duce healthcare costs in the long run. The current system for treating be-havioral health issues is not sufficient to serve those who need help. It is un-acceptable that more than 50 percent of primary care patients with depression go undiagnosed and two-thirds of pri-mary care providers have no ability to prescribe outpatient behavioral health for their patients. Additionally, dedicated funding for peer support paraprofessionals will be essential in helping address the current lack of access to behavioral health services in our healthcare system. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.167 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7293 September 12, 2017 
This modest amount of funding for a community-based partnership program will make an enormous difference for millions of Americans who deserve ac-cess to behavioral health services, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I appre-ciate the gentleman’s concern. He raises, I think, a genuinely important issue. Our committee understands the value of the Behavioral Health Workforce Education and Training program, which is why we did not accept the ad-ministration’s budget request which actually canceled the program. Our committee, as my friend knows, received an allocation that was lower than fiscal year 2017, so we had to make some tough decisions. I want my friend to know we will work with him going forward and see if we can arrive at a solution that he finds more satis-factory in the final bill. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire how much time is remaining. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman has 2 minutes remaining. Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentle-woman from California (Ms. L
EE). Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of Mr. L
UJA´N’s amend-ment, and I want to thank him for this. I shared earlier that I, by profession, am a psychiatric social worker. I actu-ally founded a community mental health center. It was called Change, In-corporated. As part of this community mental health center, we had a program. That program was to train individuals in peer support. This was in the day. I can tell you what Mr. L
UJA´Nhas said about the goals and the successes of peer sup-port services. It can’t be overstated. This amendment would close this shortage in services for individuals who need them. As chair of the Social Work Caucus, again, psychologists, psychiatric social workers, and clinical social workers agree that peer support for individuals who may or may not have earned an advanced degree is extremely impor-tant because they can understand and they know what the needs of their cli-ents are. Studies have shown that peer support services help to reduce emer-gency room visits by individuals suf-fering from depression. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. I know from personal ex-perience that it works. It is a cost-sav-ing measure, and it really helps people suffering from mental illness. We should really recognize the need out there. It is still great, even as I reflect upon my community mental health center, Change, Incorporated. Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New Mexico (Mr. BENRAY L
UJA´N). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Mexico will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 161 OFFERED BY MRS . LOWEY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 161 printed in House Report 115–297. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I rise as the designee of the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ), and I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 794, line 15, after the first dollar amount insert ‘‘(increased by $100,000,000)’’. Page 794, line 15, after the second dollar amount insert ‘‘(increased by $100,000,000)’’. Page 794, line 19, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(increased by $100,000,000)’’. Page 805, line 25, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(decreased by $100,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from New York. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, nearly 1.7 million children, including more than 87,000 in my home State of New York, rely on afterschool programs supported through the 21st Century Community Learning Centers to pro-vide a safe, enriching environment to learn. Yet this bill would cut funding for afterschool programs, leaving tens of thousands of students without edu-cational programs as well as drug and violence prevention counseling, arts, music, recreation, and more. We should invest more, not less, in our children. This amendment would restore funding to the 21st Century Community Learning Centers program so our students can have access to the safe afterschool enrichment they de-serve. Mr. Chairman, I urge support for my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for the amendment and for working with our good friend who couldn’t be here tonight to make sure that this issue that I know she cares deeply about and I know my friend cares deeply about is raised. I tell the gentlewoman that I will continue work with her as we move for-ward in the appropriations process this year. I hope we can reach an agree-ment, particularly in this area. I understand the gentlelady’s frustra-tion with finding a large enough offset to accommodate the increase she pro-poses. However, her amendment would actually reduce resources for the De-partment of Education by nearly a quarter. I think this would jeopardize the Department’s ability to administer the very program she seeks to increase. So I will reluctantly oppose the amendment at this time. I believe the offset within the Department of Edu-cation administrative account is just simply too much. Again, I want to reiterate to my friend that I look forward to working with her as we go forward and perhaps receiving a different allocation under a House-Senate agreement in the future. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I appre-ciate the gentleman’s kind and thoughtful words about afterschool programs. There are over 18 million children whose parents want to take advantage of afterschool programs, but they lack access in the area where they live. That is why we work to fund our na-tional network of afterschool programs through the 21st Century Community Learning Centers initiative. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I just want to say to the distinguished chair that I appre-ciate his positive comments about this program. I look forward to a better al-location as the process moves forward, and I look forward to having him and my colleagues on both sides of the aisle join me in supporting this very impor-tant program. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ). Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chairman, I want to point something out. I am glad I have a chance to speak on this amendment. When I was growing up, I spent a lot of time before school, a lot of time after school, and a lot of time in sum-mer school being supervised by my par-ents. They did a great job. I think before we fall all over our-selves to make sure the government is the one supervising people all the time, we ought to remember it is good to educate the public that parents are re-sponsible for a little of this as well, and nobody loves their kids like their par-ents. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, will the gentleman from Oklahoma yield? Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, may I in-quire as to how much time I have re-maining. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.170 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7294 September 12, 2017 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oklahoma has 3
1⁄2minutes re-maining. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ). Mrs. LOWEY. I thank the distin-guished chairman for yielding to me. Again, I look forward to working with him and the other members of our com-mittee as we expand the budget. Mr. Chairman, I want to say to the distinguished gentleman who spoke be-fore, I grew up in the Bronx, New York. I was fortunate to have my mother not working at the time. She was able to supervise me. I had many wonderful play dates. I would like to say to the distin-guished gentleman, in my community where this program is so essential, many of these people are working two, three jobs. The mother is working two or three jobs; the father is working two or three jobs. For some of these fami-lies, there is only one parent. Perhaps you can come visit my dis-trict. I would like you to come to Port Chester, New York. This was one of the first afterschool programs I was fortu-nate to be able to support with this ac-count. I would love you to come and visit and see what these programs do, which is provide important support for their parents who want to help and want to be supportive of their children, but sometimes these jobs do stand in the way. These programs are so very impor-tant, and I look forward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle in providing more funding. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, having yielded to people on both sides of the debate, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from New York will be postponed. b1945 
AMENDMENT NO . 164 OFFERED BY MR . COURTNEY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 164 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 796, line 5, insert after the dollar amount ‘‘‘‘(reduced by $1,184,000) (increased by $1,184,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chair, this, I think, is a very modest amendment, which just simply seeks to restore a cut to the existing 2017 level of support for the Magnet Schools Assistance Pro-gram, which is a program which has been around for quite a while. It actu-ally was reauthorized in the Every Stu-dent Succeeds Act in 2015, which was a great bipartisan success for K–12 edu-cation. And again, this program provides support for magnet schools all across the country. There are 4,340 magnet schools in the U.S. 3.5 million students benefit from magnet programs, which again, are administered by local school districts and utilize a variety of aca-demic themes such as STEM, Language Immersion, Career and Technical Edu-cation, Visual and Performing Arts, just to name a few. Again, it is a strategy which also provides a regional structure to the student population and promotes diver-sity. It has done great things in terms of Connecticut in terms of ending ra-cial isolation. Again, unfortunately, the magnet schools have sort of seen a steady sort of decline from 10 years ago in terms of Federal support for it, and this amendment really is just basically saying enough. I mean, we should, again, restore an amount, which I indi-cated is very modest, of $1.1 million to this account, and offset and paid for. And again, I think it just will allow a lot of school districts and commu-nities to continue the great work that they are doing with magnet programs. I want to conclude my initial re-marks by, again, thanking the chair-man and also Congresswoman LEEfor their kind remarks about my colleague and neighbor from Connecticut, R
OSA D
ELAURO , who lost her mother, Luisa DeLauro, a 103-year-old amazing woman. We all marvel at R
OSA’s energy and passion, but if you have ever met Luisa, you would understand where it came from because she was an amazing woman, just a great inspiration for her daughter who, I think, made her so proud in terms of the great work that she has done in the Congress. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gentleman, quite sincerely, for his amendment. And again, as I will oft repeat tonight, as the gentleman knows, we had to cut $5 billion from this bill, and we had to make some genuinely tough choices. In this case, we accepted the Presi-dent’s recommended funding level for magnet schools, and we were also able to increase charter schools, though not by as much as the President requested. Charter schools have demonstrated ef-fectiveness in providing a real choice in quality education for millions of students around the country. If we have a change in our allocation in conference, I will gladly take an-other look at the magnet school pro-gram to evaluate additional funding there. I think my friend makes a very good case on their behalf; however, at this time, simply because of reasons of allocation, I will oppose the amend-ment because the offset reduces char-ter school grants, which I strongly sup-port. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. LEE). Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gentleman for offering this amendment, and I rise in strong sup-port of it. It restores funding to the Magnet Schools Assistance Program. Now, 60 years after Brown v. Board of Education, the data shows that many schools and communities continue to suffer from the vestiges of segregation and that many of our Nation’s largest school districts remain starkly seg-regated along racial and economic lines. Now, I just have to say, when I start-ed elementary school, schools were seg-regated in El Paso, Texas. Sixty years later, now, it is really something. We have come a long way, but we have a long way to go. This amendment, the Magnet Schools Assistance Program— the amendment helps assist school dis-tricts in promoting desegregation long overdue. I am glad that we increased this pro-gram in fiscal 2017 omnibus by $1 mil-lion. That additional funding was in-tended to allow the program to in-crease the total number of grantees. I was disappointed to see that the major-ity took a step back from the progress that we had made and imposed a cut to this program in the underlying bill. Why in the world would the majority not want to see school segregation ended? This amendment certainly leads us in that direction, and I strongly sup-port it, and I hope you would recon-sider your opposition because many of us remember those days. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I disagree with my friend about charter schools. Actually, charter schools have provided enor-mous opportunity for children of every race, every ethnic background. They have been particularly effective, I think, in minority areas, so I reject any suggestion that the decisions we made had anything to do with race or racism or that the charter school movement is involved in that. I just don’t think that is the case. But I do agree in the importance of magnet schools, and if we get a dif-ferent allocation, we are going to sit down and work with our friends to see 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.172 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7295 September 12, 2017 
if we can also make some progress in that area. But at this time, I am going to continue to oppose the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chair, may I ask how much time I have left. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania). The gentleman from Connecticut has 2 minutes remaining. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chair, again, briefly, I appreciate the gentleman’s comments. I would just note, though, if you go back 10 years ago, the disparity between charter school funding at the Federal level versus magnet schools was two to one in favor of charters. We are at a point today where, with this budget, it will be four to one in terms of disparity between the two. I would acknowledge the gentleman’s comments that there are some areas where charter schools have provided great benefits, but there is no question that, in terms of breaking down racial isolation, magnet schools have a much better batting average, and that has been studied and reported over the years. My daughter attended a magnet school in the Hartford area, and again, with a totally diverse population, and again, it is probably the most highly rated high school, secondary school, in the State of Connecticut, according to U.S. News and World Report. So again, the quality of magnet schools, I think, are high in the record in terms of their goal, which is to break down racial isolation. I think it surpasses charter schools. This amendment would leave a 7.7 percent increase in funding for charter schools. It is not an attack on charter school funding. It just simply restores last year’s level of spending for magnet schools, a very modest measure. And again, I look forward, hopefully, to working with the gentleman, but I really believe strongly that this is not asking too much to protect magnet school funding, and that is why I would ask the Chamber to support this amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I want to assure my friend I certainly don’t take the amendment as an attack on charter schools any more than I accept the idea that, by funding charter schools, we are involved in promoting racial segregation. That is not what we are trying to do here. We have a genuine debate over the best vehicles to go for-ward. I happen to think both these vehicles are good vehicles. I have seen what the charter school movement, frankly, has meant in New Orleans, what it has meant in this city, the opportunities that it has opened to thousands and thousands of students of all racial backgrounds. And the administration, as my friend knows, has put a particular emphasis here. And while we increase funding, we are not anywhere close to what the administration wanted to do. So I want to reiterate to my friend from Con-necticut that we intend to work with him if we have an allocation change where we can find some additional re-sources, because I think he makes a very good point, and I very much value the contributions that magnet schools also have made to try to improve edu-cational outcomes across the spectrum for our students. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURT -
NEY). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Connecticut will be postponed. The Chair understands that amend-ment No. 165 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 167 OFFERED BY MR . LEWIS OF  
MINNESOTA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 167 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 801, line 25, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $70,246,000)’’. Page 802, line 25, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $70,246,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. L
EWIS) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Chair-man, our Nation is facing a skills gap, a student completion crisis at both the high school and college levels, and record levels of student debt. The sta-tus quo is unacceptable. We must do better for our students by truly sup-porting career and technical education as a pathway to success. CTE has been shown to dramatically increase high school graduation rates, increase postsecondary access, and, most importantly, get students to a de-gree and a well paying career. More than 75 percent of CTE concentrators pursued postsecondary education shortly after high school, and four out of five students earned a credential or were enrolled 2 years later. Dual enrollment allows high school CTE students to earn college credit and significantly increase their likelihood of pursuing and completing college, all the while saving their families money. The key is that CTE students often don’t need an extensive 4-year edu-cation, as many attend a great 2-year technical college and then head right into the workplace with little debt and skills to excel. We must fight this narrative—one some of my colleagues are still push-ing—that a 2-year technical degree is a lesser educational option. This way of thinking is simply harmful to our Na-tion’s students and our Nation. My amendment increases funding for CTE State grants by $70 million, trans-ferring the funding from an increase to TRIO and GEAR UP. It does not cut funding to TRIO and GEAR UP but continues funding these programs at fiscal year 2017 levels, the highest fund-ing levels in program history. The TRIO and GEAR UP programs received significant funding increases over the past decade, including a $50 million increase in 2017, leaving the programs with proposed funding $230 million above their 2007 level. Instead of an increase for TRIO and GEAR UP this next fiscal year, my amendment makes an overdue invest-ment in career and technical education and in our Nation’s students. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I want to begin by thanking my friend from Min-nesota for the amendment. I am a big fan of career and technical education, and, frankly, along with the State of Ohio, Oklahoma probably has the most robust and strongest career technical education program of any State in the country. It is actually something we fund ourselves, for the most part. I would recommend other people do the same. I am also, you know, frankly, as my friend knows, dealing with a cut of $5 billion from the bill. In this case, the gentleman seeks to cut TRIO funding to pay for his amendment. In my opin-ion, it is totally misguided. Since the TRIO program began, it has produced over 5 million college graduates, and those college graduates were almost exclusively from families where no one had ever had the oppor-tunity to go. This is a proven successful program. It has helped literally millions of first generations of college students, so I strongly support TRIO and will not support cuts in this program; so I, therefore, oppose the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 30 seconds to the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. M
ITCHELL ). Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment to in-crease funding for current technical education programs. For some people, pursuing their desired career means se-curing a college degree. In my 30-year career in workforce education, I have seen firsthand this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.175 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7296 September 12, 2017 
isn’t the right path for everyone. Un-fortunately, too often, success has been defined by the 4-year-or-bust model, leaving students who would be better served by current technical education behind, out in the cold, and leaving job creators unable to find qualified work-ers for in-demand jobs. b2000 Democrats and Republicans agree that the skills gap is a serious problem challenging our workforce. More im-portantly, my constituents, schools, and employers throughout my district recognize this is a crisis that needs to be addressed. Mr. Chairman, I urge passage of the amendment. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Mas-sachusetts (Ms. C
LARK ), a member of the subcommittee. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Oklahoma for yielding me time. While this amendment increases ca-reer and technical education funding, a worthy goal that I support, it comes at the expense of funding for critical higher education programs that sup-port low-income and minority stu-dents. Career and technical education funds help ensure students are well prepared for further education employment in high-skilled, high-demand jobs in the 21st century economy. In days before the election, President Trump, in reference to CTE, said: ‘‘We’re going to start it up big league.’’ Secretary DeVos, a few months ago, said: ‘‘ . . . this administration is com-mitted to supporting and highlighting career and technical education.’’ Despite these promises, the Trump- DeVos budget cuts CTE by $168 million, or 15 percent. I am glad to see my colleagues on the other side of the aisle proposing to in-crease our investment in this critical area, but I am deeply concerned that the amendment proposes to slash $70 million in funding. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 30 seconds to the gen-tleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ). Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chairman, I have 30 seconds, so I will give any lis-teners a suggestion. I suggest you spend some time at your local tech school or your local trade school and ask the people who teach there how many of their students are former 4-year students who cannot find a job in the field in which they thought. These people can have a family-sup-porting job 8 or 9 years earlier if they are directed to a technical education or a trade school. They will be supporting their families and be able to do that when they are 21 or 22 rather than 31 or 32. You will learn a lot if you talk to your local tech school or trade school. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT). Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-man, I thank the gentleman for yield-ing. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would take money from important col-lege access programs, GEAR UP and TRIO, and use it to increase important funding for career and technical edu-cation. Because of the way the amend-ment is drafted, it would also jeop-ardize funding for minority-serving in-stitutions to be used to increase that funding. This amendment reduces fund-ing for programs meant to improve col-lege access for low-income students. First of all, whether it is CTE or TRIO, all of these programs don’t have enough money. One should not be stripped for the sake of another. By lifting one program that leads to one opportunity over neglecting another that leads to another opportunity, you limit the choice of future life outcomes at a time when members of the next generation should be able to choose the best opportunity for them. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment and try to fund both more robustly. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of Ranking Member LOWEY , I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. M
ITCHELL ). The gentlewoman is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chairman, as the co-chair of the bipartisan Congres-sional TRIO Caucus, I find this amend-ment, which would cut $60 million in funding from TRIO educational serv-ices that assist veterans and low-in-come and first-generation college stu-dents, deeply disturbing and mis-aligned with our national economic in-terests. It sends the misguided message that only university education is unneces-sary for low-income students. You know, just get a little job training and go straight to work. I might make the observation that I don’t see anybody over there who has less than a bachelor’s degree, and I know my good friend has a law degree. While career and technical education is very, very important, low-income students and our country’s economic viability deserve the option of edu-cating some of our students at a 4- year-degree level. For us to maintain hegemony in the world, we need people like Steve Jobs, who was not a trust fund baby, who was not a legacy kid, but someone who had the talent and ability. We need to provide opportunity to the larger pool of talent in our country in order to be able to create the next iPhone. I will give you a really good example, Mr. Chairman. There is a student who happens to live in southeastern Min-nesota. As a matter of fact, he lives in the Second Congressional District. He was once a homeless student living in poverty, but he participated in a TRIO program at a university in Minnesota’s Second District. Now, as a graduate student at Johns Hopkins University, he is the founder of a biomedical start-up company with the mission of launching technology to innovate a disease diagnostic tool that has been found to be cost effective and will be utilized worldwide. Hunter Lin could not have benefited from just a 2-year degree. TRIO has given him the chance to get not only out of homelessness, but the ability to really create economic prosperity in our country. In Minnesota’s Second Congressional District, there are 1,521 TRIO students being served at four institutions, in-cluding two community colleges. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this harmful amend-ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 1 minute to the gentle-woman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX). Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from the Education and the Workforce Committee, Mr. L
EWIS, for offering this amendment. At a time when U.S. job openings are at a record 6.2 million, America faces a skills shortage. Employers all over the country tell us they need more employ-ees who are skilled. I have said this before, and I will say it again for so long as I am here: All education is career education. I am a former TRIO director. I am not opposed to TRIO. This is not an effort to diminish ac-cess to baccalaureate degrees, but to give priority to programs that are helping Americans learn the skills they need for good, high-paying jobs. Research has shown that graduates with a technical or applied sciences as-sociate’s degree outearn baccalaureate degree holders by between $2,000 and $11,000. Earlier this year, the House passed the Strengthening Career and Tech-nical Education for the 21st Century Act. That bill and this amendment are important steps to make sure all Americans have access to an education that helps them develop the skills they need to have a successful life. I am proud to support this amend-ment. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Chair-man, it is unfortunate to see some of my colleagues claim that career and technical education is somehow the separate or lesser pathway to a 4-year college degree. These claims are nei-ther factual nor are they very genuine. CTE promotes college access, with 91 percent of high school graduates who earn a 2- to 3-year CTE credit going on to enroll in college. When partisan politics gets injected into workforce development policy, it is students across the Nation who lose. I can tell you that, throughout the Second District, I have employers and students dying for these opportunities from all backgrounds. The current bill leaves CTE State grants with funding $60 million below 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.178 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7297 September 12, 2017 
what they received 10 years ago, while TRIO receives funding $110 million above both its authorized level and what the program received just 2 years ago. My amendment supports all of our students and their diverse ambitions and affirms career and technical edu-cation as a viable pathway to success. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Our stu-dents are waiting for it, our employers are waiting for it, and our country is waiting for it. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. It has been a good and robust debate, but I don’t think it has been a particu-larly partisan debate. As a matter of fact, I see people on both sides of the aisle that actually have both solutions. My friend, Mr. S
COTT, may have the best solution of all: let’s plus-up both of these programs because they both do a lot of good. But, in this case, I don’t think you make one the enemy of the other. I have seen TRIO programs work, and I have seen how many jobs they produce. We are not serving anywhere close to the population eligible for TRIO. Somewhere less than 10 percent of the eligible students actually take advan-tage of the program. Again, my State invests very heav-ily, probably more heavily than most other States that I would suggest do the same thing Ohio and Oklahoma have done. And these programs which my friend rightly champions, I have seen people actually raise their own taxes so they could have a career or technical institute. So I think there is merit to both of these approaches. But I do also think 5 million college graduates from people who did not have the chance to go is something this country ought to think about. The statistics tell us each of those graduates in a lifetime earn $1 million more than they would have. I promise you, the Federal Government will get its share of that million dol-lars. This is a program that has paid for itself over and over again. Perhaps as we go forward, we can find other ways to help both of these programs cap-italize on their potential. So while I agree with the objective my friend is trying to achieve, I don’t agree in achieving it at the expense of TRIO or GEAR UP. Mr. Chairman, I oppose the amend-ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. L
EWIS). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Chair-man, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota will be postponed. AMENDMENT NO . 168 OFFERED BY MR . GROTHMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 168 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 802, line 19, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(decreased by $33,954,220)’’. Page 805, line 25, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(decreased by $8,620,000)’’. Page 806, line 8, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(decreased by $1,185,120)’’. Page 856, line 11, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $43,759,340)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise in support of an amendment to reduce funding by 2 percent for the De-partment of Education’s Office of Pro-gram Administration, Inspector Gen-eral, and Student Aid Administration. I say this because, even a month ago, it was apparent that when we wind up doing the appropriations bill or an om-nibus bill or wherever we are, we are probably going to be borrowing about 14 percent of that budget. Then in the last month, we have had two hurri-canes hit America, and we have already set aside another $15 billion. I want to remind people here that we are approaching $20 trillion in debt— $60,000 for every man, woman, and child in this country. If you have a family of four, they are $240,000 in debt. I think given those numbers, every Congressman, when they look at this appropriation document, ought to make as their primary goal spending less money. And again, we are bor-rowing like 14 percent. When I was a State legislator, I dealt several times with people from the De-partment of Education; and, honestly, the few times I dealt with them, I never felt that their positions or what they were doing helped anybody at all. It looked like they almost had too many people there. So I think a small reduction of 2 per-cent is something that we should all be supportive of, make a little bit of a dent on that deficit and a little bit of a dent on that huge sea of money we voted for—including myself—working its way towards Florida and Texas. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, the gen-tleman from Wisconsin is a good friend. We serve on the Budget Com-mittee together, and, frankly, I know how sincere his concern about the issues that he lays out is. I know how hard he fought on that committee, and oftentimes we were unlikely allies in a number of places. b2015 So I know this is a passion and a sin-cere commitment. I remind my friend, he knows I know he would have pre-ferred more, but this bill is $5 billion less than it was last year. He certainly had some success, and success that I agree with, but in this particular case, if I understand the gentleman’s amend-ment correctly, it would basically cut education administration by $43 mil-lion, a roughly 10 percent cut across the board in the administrative areas. Or is it just a 2 percent cut in every-thing? Mr. GROTHMAN. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. COLE. I yield to the gentleman from Wisconsin. Mr. GROTHMAN. No. It is a 2 percent cut in administration, inspector gen-eral, and student aid. Mr. COLE. Okay. But substantial re-ductions, and in programs that have al-ready been cut. So for that reason, I would oppose my friend’s additional cuts, but I would hope to work with him going forward in something that I know he knows is a far greater driver of our debt, and that is entitlement re-form. That is where the money is. We end up fighting every year over discretionary accounts that are rel-atively minor compared to the behe-moths of Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, and the other so-called man-datory programs. They are only man-datory because Congress doesn’t have the courage to pick up the law and ac-tually deal with them. So I am going to work with my friend in that area be-cause I know he is sincere. In this case, I feel compelled to op-pose the amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chair, I think we have had enough debate, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT). Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-man, I thank the gentleman for yield-ing. Mr. Chairman, one of the agencies af-fected by this amendment is the De-partment of Education’s Office of In-spector General that is responsible for conducting independent and objective audits and investigations. It is through this agency that we can review offices like the Federal Student Aid office, and Congress can learn about policies and practices that need to be improved. It was just last March that the OIG in-vestigated that department and found that Congress needs to do more to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.180 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7298 September 12, 2017 
monitor colleges with unstable fi-nances in order to protect students and taxpayers from abrupt school closures. Any cuts to this agency will reduce the chances that such findings will be made, and reduce consumer protec-tions. Therefore, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentle-woman from Massachusetts (Ms. C
LARK ), a member of the sub-committee. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would deci-mate the ability of the Department of Education to meet the needs of Ameri-cans by indiscriminately transferring $44 million to the spending reduction account. This does nothing to improve the bill, which is already underfunded. The majority has imposed a $5 billion cut to the Labor-HHS bill below the 2017 omnibus level. Further cuts are completely unnecessary. That is not all. This $5 billion is also below the nondefense levels allowed under the Budget Control Act. We have the resources available, but the major-ity refuses to allocate them to essen-tial programs funded through this bill. The Department will simply have to do less with less. That is not good for the American people, and it is not good for our constituents. A Department with fewer resources to oversee the Student Aid portfolio, and as Mr. S
COTT pointed out, the Of-fice of Inspector General’s ability to promote efficiencies within the Depart-ment and investigate fraud, will be hampered. Mr. Chair, for these reasons, I oppose the amendment. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chair, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin will be postponed. It is now in order to consider amend-ment No. 169 printed in House Report 115–297. 
AMENDMENT NO . 170 OFFERED BY MR . GROTHMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 170 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 817, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $99,000,000)’’. Page 856, line 11, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $99,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GROTHMAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of my amendment, which will reduce funding for the Na-tional Labor Relations Board by $99 million in fiscal year 2018. Since its in-ception, the NLRB has served as a par-tisan board that flips in ideology from one administration to the next, often cutting businesses off at the knees and stifling economic growth. In just the last 8 years of the Obama administration, the NLRB managed to overturn a total of 4,105 collective years of precedent in 90 cases. In cases such as the ambush election rule and the joint employer rule, the board sig-nificantly overstepped their bounds and dipped their hands into the day-to- day business operations of hardworking Americans. Now, let me be clear: I am not here to attack the unions. I wish more peo-ple would join unions under the amend-ment that we just dealt with. I believe that employees should have the right to join a union if they think that join-ing a union is best for them and their family. But the fact remains, since 1990, the NLRB has received 65 percent fewer election petitions and 40 percent fewer unfair labor practice charges. Meanwhile, while private sector labor representation has decreased in the last 25 years, the NLRB’s budget has increased in inflation-adjusted dollars by close to $50 million. My amendment would implement a necessary reduction to the NLRB, which will bring their funding in line with their expected workload for the upcoming fiscal year. Specifically, my amendment saves taxpayers close to $100 million in the upcoming fiscal year and provides private industry with relief that the NLRB will have to focus on the most pressing cases that arise rather than engaging in partisan witch hunts. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong opposition to this amendment, which would cut the NLRB’s budget by nearly $100 million below the House bill, which is already $25 million below the fiscal year 2017 level. Under this amendment, the NLRB would be required to furlough 1,500 em-ployees for at least 140 days. That means 1,500 employees across 26 States would be unpaid for nearly 5 months. As a result, the NLRB would develop a backlog of 10,000 to 12,000 cases, which would indefinitely delay the resolution of pending cases of unfair labor prac-tices. Perhaps my colleagues don’t realize that most of the NLRB’s work is not controversial. At the regional level, about 21,000 charges are filed every year, and 95 percent of those charges are dismissed or resolved within 60 to 70 days after an investigation of facts. In other words, 19 out of 20 charges filed are resolved without litigation. For charges at the regional level, 90 percent of the cases with probable merit are settled, which means they are resolved without needing to be heard before the NLRB’s five-member board. For cases taken to the board, about 70 percent of the decisions are unani-mous, meaning they are bipartisan. That is how the process is supposed to work. Why would we cripple an agency that is tasked with enforcing Federal labor laws? Does the majority believe that labor laws should not be enforced? Should a worker who is unlawfully fired for exercising their rights be met with a sign on the door that says, ‘‘Closed. Will reopen in 5 months’’? Closing the NLRB for 5 months would exacerbate disputes between employers and employees, and create a harmful disruption to our economy. Mr. Chair, I urge that we reject this amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT), the distinguished ranking member of the Education and the Workforce Com-mittee. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Chair, as my colleagues have made clear, this amendment would im-pose a 45 percent cut on the NLRB budget. The NLRB would expect that these cuts could lead to the closure of regional offices in 17 States, but it is really the American workforce and our economy that would suffer. We benefit from a worker’s right to exercise freedom of association. These cuts will delay NLRB-conducted rep-resentation or decertification elections and delay democracy for workers who deserve a timely vote. In the past 3 years, the NLRB has re-instated 7,000 workers who were unlaw-fully fired by their employers, and the NLRB has awarded over $191 million to workers in backpay or fees. Mr. Chairman, justice delayed is jus-tice denied. Delayed justice is what this amendment would inflict. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chair, my only other comment is assuming that figure of employees is right, and this is not the total number of employees, just the employees that she envisions being cut, 1,500. I always kind of look at my State, which is about typical in size. That would be 30 employees on a board that I wouldn’t think our forefathers would have thought of. So people have to consider for themselves, I guess, whether the average State would even need 30 employees. Here we are just 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.183 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7299 September 12, 2017 
cutting 30. We are still leaving the bulk of the agency in existence. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is an insult to the millions of American workers who deserve to be treated fairly and in a timely manner under the law. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to re-ject this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chair, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin will be postponed. It is now in order to consider amend-ment No. 171 printed in House Report 115–297. 
AMENDMENT NO . 172 OFFERED BY MR . MEADOWS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 172 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division F (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. The Coal Mine Safety and Health program area of the Mine Safety and Health Administration, comprising 964 employees, with annual salaries aggregating $78,970,000, is hereby reduced by 10 percent (comprising 96 employees, with annual salaries aggre-gating $7,897,000). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
EADOWS ) and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Chairman, I want to start out this evening by rec-ognizing the fine work of Chairman C
OLE. I can tell you that there are many times in this Chamber that they want to pit members of my conference against appropriators. This is not one of those times. I just want to rise and acknowledge the great work of Chair-man C
OLE and Chairman F RELING -
HUYSEN , and, truly, of the entire Appro-priations Committee. Regardless of whether my amend-ment passes or not, I plan to vote for the underlying bill. Yet, with this com-monsense amendment that we put forth, Mr. Chairman, we are really looking to try to make sure that we rightsize a group that has been under attack, and this is all about the coal industry. What we have found is that under the previous administration, there was an unbelievable attack on all fossil fuels, but specifically the coal industry. b2030 This actually goes about rightsizing MSHA, which is the mine safety and health group that will inspect the mines. What we found is we have fewer mines to actually inspect. My amend-ment is real straightforward. It is say-ing: let’s rightsize that particular group. Let’s cut the number of employ-ees that we have there by 10 percent. They have less mines to inspect. I can tell you, coming from a State that has mining in every one of the counties that I have the privilege of serving, what we need to understand is that it is not about safety of mine workers, because I am for the safety of mine workers; we really need to look at being responsible with the hardworking American taxpayer dollars. That is what this amendment is about. Mr. Chairman, the hour is late, so I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from New York is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mrs. LOWEY. Knowing, Mr. Chair-man, of the gentleman’s commitment to families, and I know that the gentle-man’s family is committed to their children, I am totally shocked that this amendment will be addressed to-night on the floor of the House. This amendment, my friend, would cut personnel. Mothers and fathers will be directly affected by this. This amendment will cut the personnel whose responsibility it is to ensure the safety and health of our Nation’s coal miners. The proposed amendment, my friend, would cut the Mine Safety Health Ad-ministration coal enforcement per-sonnel by 10 percent, would result in the Mine Safety Health Administration being forced to violate Federal law be-cause it would be unable to fulfill its statutorily mandated duty to inspect underground coal mines every 3 months. We have seen what happens, my friends, when mandatory inspec-tions are cut back and the number of experienced mine inspectors are re-duced to coal miners that cut corners on safety. Following the massive explosion in 2010, at Upper Big Branch, which killed 29 coal miners in the worst coal mine disaster in the country in four decades, investigators found that mine manage-ment had consistently violated basic safety standards such as ventilation and rock dusting intended to prevent coal dust explosions. The number of violations at this mine were among the highest in the Nation. The ultimate responsibility, my friends, for that disaster lays squarely at the feet of mine management, in-cluding its CEO Don Blankenship, who was criminally convicted of a mis-demeanor and served the maximum of 1 year for conspiring to violate mine safety standards. It is also clear from the internal re-view that due to budget cuts during the Bush administration, MSHA, the Mine Safety and Health Administration, be-came severely short staffed. There were too few inspectors to meet the require-ment for mandatory inspections. You cannot underfund mine safety and health and expect to adequately pro-tect the lives of miners. We know what happens when safety takes a back seat to profits. People die. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT), the distinguished ranking member of the Education and the Workforce Committee. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-man, this amendment irresponsibly cuts funding for coal mine safety and health by 10 percent, cuts 96 positions in the Mine Safety and Health Admin-istration, or MSHA. The Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 estab-lished MSHA and requires MSHA to conduct four wall-to-wall inspections every year on underground mines and two wall-to-wall inspections for every surface mine. These are mandatory and required for safety in the mines. MSHA is required to conduct spot in-spections every 5 days at those coal mines that release large amounts of combustible methane since those mines have the highest risk of fires and explosions. In addition to the mandatory and spot inspections, MSHA responds to hazard complaints from miners, inves-tigates discrimination complaints, and provides compliance assistance with standards such as the new rule to pre-vent the scourge of black lung disease. If this amendment is enacted, 96 posi-tions will be cut and MSHA will have to choose between the mandatory in-spections or meeting its obligation to implement these other essential func-tions. It can’t do both, yet all of these functions are necessary to protect the health and safety of miners. Mr. Chairman, the preamble of the Mine Act of 1977 states: ‘‘The first . . . concern of all in the coal’’—or other— ‘‘mining industry must be the health and safety of its most precious re-source—the miner.’’ This amendment abandons Congress’ commitment to America’s miners and should be re-jected. Mr. Chairman, I include in the R
ECORD a letter from Cecil E. Roberts, the International President of the United Mine Workers of America, in opposition to this amendment. 
UNITED MINEWORKERS OF AMERICA , Triangle, VA, September 7, 2017. M
EMBERS OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA -
TIVES , U.S. Congress, Washington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the United Mine Workers of America, I strongly urge you to reject the Amendment offered by Representative Mark Meadows of North Carolina that would reduce the Coal Mine Safety and Health program and workforce at the Mine Safety and Health Administration. At a time when mining fatalities are on the rise, we should be looking for ways to in-crease enforcement and oversight of mining 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.185 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7300 September 12, 2017 
operations, not make it harder to ensure that our miners are safe. America’s miners put their lives and limbs on the line every single day for us. Our gov-ernment has a responsibility to do all it can do to ensure they come home to their loved ones at the end of their shift. This amend-ment is a step backward in safety, putting miners at greater risk. I strongly urge that it be rejected. Sincerely, C
ECIL E. R OBERTS ,. 
Mrs. LOWEY. In closing, this amend-ment would irresponsibly cut staffing by 10 percent at an agency responsible for the safety and health of our Na-tion’s coal miners. Mr. Chairman, lives are at stake. Mr. Chairman, I strongly oppose this amendment, I urge my colleagues to reject it, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Chairman, I rise to acknowledge my dear friend from New York and her impassioned plea, but we have made news here tonight. All of a sudden, the people on the aisle opposite are all about the coal miners. Where has that debate been for the last 8 years? We start talking about kids and fam-ily. What about the coal miners’ kids and families? We have got 35 percent less coal mines that are being actually operated right now, 35 percent. We have 43 percent less coal miners. We are talking about kids and all the things that we need to be doing, and we have cut back on the coal mining. Why don’t we cut back on the inspectors who, according to our numbers, have 35 percent less mines to actually inspect? It is time that we rightsize the gov-ernment. I strongly encourage my col-leagues to support it. I thank the work of the chairman. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chair, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from New York is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I would like to address a closing remark to my good friend from North Carolina, and I know that my good friend and I have worked together, Mr. Chairman, on many important issues. I would just like to say again that whether there are 1,000 miners or 50 miners, and I understand the gentle-man’s concern about the closing of mines, but we have a responsibility to those who are still working in those mines to make sure that they are safe. I would ask my colleagues to vote against this amendment because it is absolutely vital that we protect those outstanding workers who are sup-porting their families and make sure they are safe. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
EADOWS ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina will be postponed. AMENDMENT NO . 173 OFFERED BY MR . WALBERG  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 173 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division F (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. lll. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the final rule on ‘‘Representation—Case Procedures’’ pub-lished in the Federal Register by the Na-tional Labor Relations Board on December 15, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 74308 et seq.) or any rule of the same substance. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Chairman, I, too, want to thank Chairman C
OLEfor the good effort on this piece of legislation. I rise to offer an amendment to H.R. 3354 that would block the NLRB from enforcing the extreme and partisan am-bush election rule. Under the ambush election rule, workers are being rushed into union elections before they have the opportunity to consider all the con-sequences. According to one report, since the ambush election rule took effect, union elections have been organized 38 per-cent faster. Before this rule took ef-fect, the union election process typi-cally took 38 days. Now, workers may have as few as 11 days to consider whether joining a union is the best de-cision for themselves. Eleven days is simply not enough time for workers to make an important decision that im-pacts their job and their paycheck. In addition to speeding up the proc-ess, the NLRB’s rule greatly limits an employer’s ability to communicate with its employees through the pre- election hearing process. To make matters worse, employers have as little as 7 days to find legal counsel and appear before an NLRB election officer—7 days. This is a tax-ing time constraint, especially on small businesses with limited resources and a lawyer team that is nonexistent. But workers are the ones who are really hurt the most. As a former union worker myself, I respect the right of workers to join a union, but they deserve a real choice in the mat-ter and the opportunity to hear from both sides of the debate. At the very least, they deserve privacy as they come to their decision, but this rule forces employers to hand over their employees’ personal information, in-cluding phone numbers, work sched-ules, home addresses, e-mail addresses, and work locations. The NLRB should ensure fair and transparent elections. Instead, the board implemented a rule chilling em-ployer free speech and restricting the rights of workers. By adopting this amendment to block the ambush election rule, we can restore the rights of workers and em-ployers in union elections. I would note that there is still more to be done beyond blocking funding of this extreme rule. The Workforce De-mocracy and Fairness Act, which I in-troduced earlier this year, would amend Federal law to ensure union elections are fair and prevent similar NLRB overreach in the future. This commonsense bill was approved by the Education and the Workforce Committee, and it is my hope that it will come up for a vote in the House, but today we have an opportunity to take a first step toward putting an end to this radical scheme once and for all. Mr. Chair, I urge all Members to sup-port this amendment, as well as the underlying bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this amendment which would block the NLRB’s election rule, an attempt to undermine collective bargaining rights. The NLRB enacted this rule to modernize and streamline the process for voting on union representation. To be clear, the NLRB undertook a very deliberative rulemaking process. It was transparent, and it included input from stakeholders and the public. b2045 The majority’s claim that this rule enables ambush elections is false. These are commonsense adjustments that eliminate unnecessary delays that have hindered the union election proc-ess for decades. The election rule provides for the timely exchange of information so that issues can be resolved quickly. It im-proves workers’ ability to hear from all sides prior to making a decision, and it reduces frivolous litigation. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT), the distinguished ranking member of the Education and the Workforce Com-mittee. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in opposition to the amend-ment offered by Mr. W
ALBERG that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE7.106 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7301 September 12, 2017 
would block the National Labor Rela-tions Board election streamlining rule because this amendment would result in reverting to a previous rule that would result in needless delays in the process for conducting union represen-tation elections. The election streamlining rule was adopted in 2015, and it has increased transparency, reduced frivolous litiga-tion, and decreased the opportunity for bad actors to improperly delay union elections. The preelection process previously had been open to manipulation, delay, and drawn-out preelection maneu-vering. I point out that the so-called 11-day election that has been referred to can only occur if both sides agree to a consent election. Another part of the rule requires the employer to provide more modern forms of employee contact information to the union prior to the elections, such as email addresses and phone numbers, as opposed to the previous re-quirement that the employer only pro-vide home addresses. Under the new rule, employers must provide this elec-tronically within 2 days of ordering an election. By ensuring that there is a timely transfer of more complete voter con-tact information, the rule removed an-other obstacle that had denied workers the opportunity to be more fully in-formed prior to voting on whether or not to form a union. The employer, of course, already has unfettered and un-limited access to communicate with employees, even on work time. I also want to point out that the NLRB’s election procedures are now settled law. Every court where this rule has been challenged has upheld the rule. The fifth circuit, for example, said that the Board ‘‘acted rationally and in furtherance of its congressional mandate in adopting the rule.’’ The U.S. District Court for the Dis-trict of Columbia held that ‘‘the Board engaged in comprehensive analysis of a multitude of issues relating to the need for and the propriety of the final rule.’’ Mr. Chairman, history has shown when workers’ rights are respected, the economy benefits. Protecting workers’ rights to make their voices heard helped build a strong middle class. Re-search shows that the erosion of union density has weakened the middle class and exacerbated wage stagnation by breaking the essential link between in-creasing worker productivity and ris-ing wages. This amendment undermines workers in their ability to exercise their right to collectively bargain. Plain and sim-ple, the workers have a right to join a union, and if they ask for an election, they should get an election—not a delay, not interference, and not retal-iation. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Chairman, I ap-preciate the comments of my col-leagues from the Education and the Workforce Committee. We have de-bated that very clearly. We have dis-cussed the fact that individuals ought to be able to make a decision and have a full understanding of what is avail-able for them. But when we talk about a stream-lining rule, it only works for the union organizer. It doesn’t work for the em-ployee, and certainly not for the small- business person who isn’t blessed with having a large lawyer team, attorney team, who can go into all of the back-ground information to find out how, in-deed, they even represent themselves and communicate with their employees in relationship to a union that is well- versed in what they will do with their challenge in the lawyered-up situation that they have. It discourages any comprehensive study by the employee—let me state that again—by the employee of what they are looking at with union rep-resentation or without. Seven days for a businessperson to get their act together is not a stream-lining that works for them. It works for the union organizer alone, not the employee or the employer. Mr. Chairman, I continue to state that, if we truly want our employees to make informed decisions with all of the information that can be available to them and the assistance needed so that both sides are served when they look for a final decision, we must do away with this rule. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), a member of the Education and the Workforce Committee. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman. This is about giving both sides—the workers seeking to organize and the employer—the opportunity to make their case to workers fairly and expedi-tiously. Prior to this case, in every case, em-ployers would have access with ways to pester and bug employees at home, through their personal email, through their phone numbers. There was simply no way that there was any equality given to the case for union organizers to make. In fact, union organizers often had to try to find ways that they could reach to simply make the case to workers so that they can make a fair choice. In addition, I find it ridiculous that this is called, by those on the other side, an ambush when, in fact, the only ambush is when they ambush the right of workers to organize by drawing out the election process to months and years, often beyond when many of the employees involved are even at the same employer because of the adverse working conditions that could have led them to organize in the first place. This rule was done through a multi-stakeholder process. There was a lot input from all sides, and it was a very thoughtful rule that gave a level play-ing field to ensure that workers, should they desire to organize, had a reason-able calendar for doing so and a reason-able way of reaching other workers to tell them the benefits of organizing, just as the company was telling them the downside. Mr. Chair, I encourage my colleagues to reject this amendment which throws out a very thoughtful rule that levels the playing field in labor relations. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. ARRINGTON ). The question is on the amendment of-fered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 174 OFFERED BY MRS . 
BLACKBURN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 174 printed in House Report 115–297. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division F (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. lll. Each amount made available by this Act (other than an amount required to be made available by a provision of law) is hereby reduced by 1 percent. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACKBURN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Tennessee. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the recognition, and I want to begin by commending Chairman C
OLE, his staff, and the Appropriations Committee for the fine work that they have done. As we are looking at the Labor, HHS, and Education appropriations bill, we are looking at $156 billion for fiscal year 2018. My amendment would cut an additional 1 percent out of that num-ber. I think it is important to commend the work that they have done over the past couple of years. If you go back and look at the appropriations numbers in 2016, they were at $163.65 billion; 2017, down to $162.985 billion; and this year, at $156 billion. I think that that work is to be com-mended. The leadership in this House, the chairman, Chairman C
OLE, and the work that they are doing is getting us on the right path. It is important that as we as Members of Congress do our job, it is important that we engage the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.192 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7302 September 12, 2017 
rank-and-file employees that are there in these various agencies—over at the Department of Education and at Labor and HHS—and make certain that they are saving that one penny out of a dol-lar, because we hit a pretty dubious marker this week. Our national debt now is at $20 tril-lion, and because of this, because of the responsibility that we have to our chil-dren, to our grandchildren, to future generations, because we realize, as Ad-miral Mullen said on July 6, 2010, the greatest threat to our Nation’s secu-rity is our Nation’s debt, we need to do a little bit more. And, of course, there are always good programs that we can stand here and talk about, and talk about what will not be funded if we do a penny on a dollar. But the important thing to realize is future generations, my grandchildren that are now 8 and 9 years old, are pay-ing for programs that we are refusing to address the growth in these pro-grams. We are committing money they have not earned, taxes they have not paid, because we are $20 trillion in debt. It is time to make these changes, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chair, I want to begin by thanking my friend. We are class-mates, we are friends, and we have served on the Budget Committee to-gether. So I know the commitment to fiscal responsibility is serious and con-tinuing and real. I particularly want to thank her for her kind words about the work of the committee in recent years because we genuinely have tried to continuously lower the amounts of money. My friend makes a very good point about the dangers we face in terms of a skyrocketing national debt, but as my friend suggests, we have already cut this more than 1 percent. I am not sug-gesting there aren’t areas that can be cut additionally. There probably are. But as an appropriator, we prefer to look at things individually, one at a time, because there are always areas that could be plussed-up as well. I don’t think anybody here really wants to cut money, even 1 percent, from cancer funding or Alzheimer’s re-search or Pell grants or programs that we think actually help folks have an educational choice, like charter schools, and yet that is always the im-pact of an across-the-board cut. You cut things that need to be cut, for sure, but you also cut some things that prob-ably shouldn’t be. So we would prefer to continue the approach that my friend has singled out and said that seems to work well, and we will do that, and I know she will be helpful in that. I also know my friend knows that the real drivers of our debt, frankly, are Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, all entitlement programs, our manda-tory spending programs. And that is where folks on both sides of the aisle, I think, need to get very, very serious, and the administration. Because we are never going to get to a balanced budget that I know my friend wants to achieve and I want to achieve until we put 70 percent of all spending, which is the entitlement spending, on the table for serious examination to be dealt with. I don’t oppose the goals of my friend. I just have a different method of trying to achieve them. So far, in the last 3 years, we have been able to do that. We are going to continue to try and do that going forward. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, we do always hear, well, you would take from this or that if you were doing across-the-board cuts. But just to my colleagues who are in the Chamber to-night and those who are watching, across-the-board cuts work at the local level and the State level because you look at that number that you need to hit and you get inside some programs more than others, and you find that penny on the dollar, and you find a way to yield a savings, and you examine what the priorities of a budget ought to be. That is the heavy lift. And while we are doing it with the work we do here in this Chamber and that the appropri-ators do, it is important that, just as Governors in our States—both Demo-cratic and Republican Governors, by the way—just as mayors in towns and cities across this country do on a reg-ular basis, and many are doing right now because fiscal years are beginning October 1, just as they do that work, we need to do it. b2100 Do we need to look at entitlements? Yes, absolutely. I am for putting those issues on the table. I encourage our colleagues and our administration to do that. It is imperative because we are staring $20 trillion in debt. We are staring that in the face. How do you look at your children and grandchildren and say, ‘‘That is okay. That is okay. Paying for $20 trillion worth of debt is easy’’? The answer is you don’t, because it is not. What it takes to address it is will. It takes resolve. It takes cutting back more than you have cut back before and examining programs that are es-sential. It is time to get serious about this. I encourage support of my amend-ment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentle-woman from Massachusetts (Ms. C
LARK ), who is my good friend. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposi-tion to this amendment. The under-lying bill is already underfunded. The majority has imposed a $5 billion cut to the Labor-HHS bill below the 2017 omnibus level. This cut is as unnecessary as it is in-discriminate because it indiscrimi-nately cuts programs in this bill with-out thought to the relative merit. For instance, this amendment would result in fewer infants and toddlers receiving Head Start’s services, fewer students receiving financial aid to help afford college, fewer biomedical research grants, and cuts to public health emer-gency response. The list goes on and on. Investment is what we need to help build and strengthen our middle class, and this amendment threatens that. Mr. Chairman, I strongly urge Mem-bers to oppose this amendment. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACK -
BURN ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 175 OFFERED BY MR . MURPHY  
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 175 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division F (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. For ‘‘Health Resources and Serv-ices Administration—Maternal and Child Health’’ for establishing and carrying out grants to eligible entities to develop, main-tain, or enhance infant and early childhood mental health promotion, intervention, and treatment programs for children up to 12 years of age, as authorized by section 399Z– 2 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280h–6) there is hereby appropriated, and the amount otherwise provided by this Act for ‘‘Health Resources and Services Administra-tion—Program Management’’ is hereby re-duced by, $5,000,000. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
URPHY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is for in-fant and early childhood mental health promotion, intervention, and treat-ment. It provides $5 million in grants to develop, maintain, or enhance infant and early childhood mental health pro-motion, intervention, and treatment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.194 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7303 September 12, 2017 
programs, including programs for in-fants and children at significant risk of developing or showing early signs of or having been diagnosed with mental ill-ness, including serious emotional dis-turbance. This was passed and author-ized in the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act last year in Congress in which it was passed 422–2—near unanimous. The importance of this is that, across the United States, up to one in five children suffers from a mental disorder in a given year, according to the Cen-ters for Disease Control and Preven-tion. This equates to more than 17 mil-lion young people who meet criteria for disorders that affect their ability to learn, behave, and express emotions. This small $5 million amount is about 29 cents per child, hardly enough to do much when distributed over that many, but it can do a great deal when distributed for a few. If you follow the course of children with mental illness, untreated mental illness, of course, leads to very trou-bled adults and other problems. I might add that this is National Suicide Pre-vention Week, and among children, sui-cide rates are climbing. In fact, over the last 20 years, suicide rates have climbed overall in this country. But, tragically and alarmingly, they have grown a great deal among children. How do we tell families of children who have completed a suicide or at-tempted a suicide that we couldn’t come up with the money for this, and, instead, we thought other programs were more important? This money comes from the existing programming budget. It does not take away from vital programs. But I want you to know that there has been a 54 percent increase of suicides among children under age 12. Thirty-seven percent of those child suicides are Black children. The rate among Afri-can-American children ages 5 to 11 has doubled over the last decade. This provides critically important services for children. It appears that schools are the most important place where treatment can take place. Only 23 percent of prekindergarten programs have onsite or scheduled visits from psychiatrists and psychologists, ac-cording to the Child Mind Institute. The current workforce consists of ap-proximately 7,500 child and adolescent psychiatrists. We need 32,000. Eighty- five percent of all psychotropic medica-tions for children are written by pri-mary care practitioners, not psychia-trists, so we end up with serious prob-lems here as suicides grow and as men-tal health problems grow. This small amount of money is taken from exist-ing funds, not from any other pro-grams, to make sure we are providing services for these children. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I want to, again, thank my good friend for, as he always does, raising important issues, and I appreciate his bringing attention to the mental health of children. The amendment offered—and this is an important point I think many Mem-bers in this body don’t think about—is actually for a newly authorized pro-gram that has not received funding in the past, and our committee actually has a smaller allocation than it had last year. I think most of the public doesn’t realize it, and it is sort of help-ful, frankly, for my friend to advance this amendment. Just because some-thing moves through an authorizing committee doesn’t mean any money comes with it. Now, in some cases—my friend worked on the Cures bill—they sent money with portions of that on the opioid initiatives, some additional money at NIH, and, of course, every penny of that has moved in. They found a way to fund it. But we can end up in a situation where you just simply pile on authorizations and send us less money and think we will somehow work it out. Sometimes we do. That is why we have been able to steadily in-crease funding at NIH, steadily in-crease funding for programs like TRIO and GEAR UP, and steadily increase money for charter schools. There are some areas we have been able to do that, but we can’t do it everyplace. I want to tell my friend that, while I oppose the amendment, I am certainly going to work with him. Actually, I asked him not too long ago to give me the one thing that is the most impor-tant thing, and he mentioned the lack of trained and qualified personnel, that we could have a lot of programs, but until we had a bigger pool of people ca-pable of rendering the services, then we simply are going to be moving from program to program. I think that was a very good point, and it is why I accept-ed my friend’s amendment for $10 mil-lion to begin to do that. That is an-other area. I think we have to pick a few pressure points here. I agree with what my friend is offer-ing here in terms of the need for em-phasis. We just simply have to work harder either getting the funds or find-ing other places to take the funds from. So while I oppose the amendment, I want to be very clear that I intend to work with my friend going forward. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have re-maining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, let me add to this. Yes, there was money in the Cures bill for opioid abuse for 59,000 people who had died from drug overdoses, but 350,000 people will die this year related to mental health problems. I want to make sure that Congress is not, once again, in a situation where we are having another moment of si-lence for some suicide, for some child or young adult that got violent and shot someone or ran their car into a crowd, or something else. We have got to start putting money into these pro-grams. Five million dollars barely scratches the surface, but it is like that old adage of the man who came across a child throwing a starfish back in the ocean. The person said: ‘‘You can never take care of all of them.’’ But the child said: ‘‘It will make a dif-ference for this one.’’ This will make a difference to a few children. How do we explain this to a parent whose child is suffering, who can’t get services, that what we have is we couldn’t transfer money within an ex-isting account, it doesn’t add any more, and it doesn’t eradicate any pro-grams, but it is something there espe-cially at a time when this is so life threatening? You can’t explain that to a mom or a dad. During all the time in the course of working this bill, we heard from thou-sands of people telling their horrific and sad stories. I spent the last 42 years of my life working as a psycholo-gist. I have seen the faces of those who have gone to the funerals and seen those wasting away in prisons. I do ask that this amendment be adopted. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Mas-sachusetts (Ms. CLARK ), who is my good friend. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I do not oppose this amendment. In fact, I support my col-league’s effort to improve access to early childhood mental health pro-motion, intervention, and treatment. But I think it is important that we come back to why we are here tonight and why this $5 million for mental health programs is not included in this Labor-HHS bill under consideration. The reason is because this bill is being cut by $5 billion from FY17 lev-els. This is the end result that we get when the majority’s efforts to slash nondefense spending come to fruition. We are forced to choose between life-saving programs, such as mental health and substance abuse programs, and programs that invest in our future, like early childhood education or job training. We ought to be negotiating a bipar-tisan budget deal to lift the sequestra-tion caps on both defense and non-defense programs. Then we could begin working on a bipartisan base that will allow us to adequately fund mental health and substance abuse prevention. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
UR-
PHY). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.197 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7304 September 12, 2017 
The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 176 OFFERED BY MR . MURPHY  
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 176 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division F (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. For ‘‘Health Resources and Serv-ices Administration—Maternal and Child Health’’ for carrying out the Pediatric Men-tal Health Care Access grant program, as au-thorized by section 330M of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254c–19), there is here-by appropriated, and the amount otherwise provided by this Act for ‘‘Health Resources and Services Administration—Program Man-agement’’ is hereby reduced by, $9,000,000. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
URPHY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, this amendment increases access to pediatric mental healthcare by providing $9 million in grants to im-prove access to behavioral integration and pediatric primary care. I thank the chairman of the Labor, Health and Human Services, Edu-cation, and Related Agencies Sub-committee for his agreement to our other amendment to boost the work-force. We have a massive workforce shortage in the field of mental health. What good is it to have good wishes among Members of Congress for treat-ment, yet people can’t get it? There is a shortage of child and ado-lescent psychiatrists for the 17 million children with a mental health condi-tion. We have 9,000. We need over 30,000. There is a shortage of psychologists, and 36 States have a shortage of psy-chiatric nurses. As a matter of fact, half of the counties in America have no psychiatrists, no psychologists, and no clinical social worker. So for children with primary mental health problems, it is a desert for treatment. b2115 They sit on long waiting lists. Their symptoms worsen. A study called the RAISE Program— Recovery After an Initial Schizo-phrenia Episode—found that if we pro-vided treatment initially for those who show their initial psychotic episode, it improves their prognosis over their lifetime. But delaying treatment actu-ally causes them harm. When you have no care, you have that harm. For those few psychiatrists and psychologists out there, what are they told to do in rural areas? Travel from one office to another to try and give them access, with valuable hours of time taken up. They can’t pro-vide that care. This $9 million helps provide mecha-nisms by which pediatricians and fam-ily practices can have telemental health. We know that when a warm handoff occurs in the office—and that is when the family or the child at that point meets a psychiatrist or that psy-chologist—the actual follow-up rate is over 99 percent. A large number—over 80 percent—continue follow-up right through treatment. However, when they are given a re-ferral, that actual follow-up is around 50 percent, and only 11 percent of peo-ple complete treatment. That is why you need to have some level of face to face. This issue of at least providing tele-mental health gives people that face- to-face approach. Since 50 percent of serious mental ill-ness cases emerge by age 14, and 75 per-cent by age 24, this is the critical pe-riod in the life of someone who is de-veloping serious mental illness to have care. We can no longer just say that we are going to let pediatricians be the primary providers for mental illness treatment when that is something that they do not have the specialty and training. The number of psychiatrists there to treat children is declining relative to the needs. The problems among chil-dren, as I mentioned previously, con-tinue to go up. I might also add here that this does not reduce any spending among the critical funded and authorized pro-grams within SAMHSA. But let me say where some of the money goes in these SAMHSA pro-grams. The GAO did a study and found that 80 percent of the grants are not using it for evidence-based care. SAMHSA, instead, spends their money on ridiculous, embarrassing programs: making fruit smoothies if you are stressed, $400,000 on a website for tod-dler sing-along songs, getting in touch with your inner animal workshops, making masks, making collages, a website and crisis hotline for people in the Boston area who had snow anxiety during a snowstorm, teaching people interpretative dancing, $25,000 for a painting of people sitting on a rock at SAMHSA headquarters, an alternative conference funded by SAMHSA at the luxurious Boston Park Plaza Hotel. And we can’t fund something that will save children’s lives? It makes no sense to me. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, once again, I agree with my friend on the basic point, but this, too, is a program that was authorized with no funding. The things we got funding for in the 21st Century Cures Act, we funded to the penny. Frankly, things we didn’t get funding for, we still authorized. This is one of those cases where, again, the cause is worthy, and we are willing to work with the gentleman— and we will certainly continue to do that—but a lot of these things that my friend just mentioned are from pro-grams that were authorized by non-ap-propriations committees. We don’t cre-ate the programs. That is where my friends, frankly, on the Energy and Commerce Committee and the Ways and Means Committee need to spend some time. They need to spend some time deauthorizing certain programs that continue. Again, I will work with my friend if our allocation changes or we can find additional savings. But I can’t willy- nilly, particularly when we have al-ready cut these administrative pro-grams, partly in the en bloc amend-ment, to fund some of the very things, including my friend’s amendment, that we felt were very worthy. We will look at this. The other thing that I would hope we could do is work with our friends on the other side of the aisle. I will just tell you, from a conference standpoint, when you go to a conference with a program that has been authorized but not funded, it is extremely difficult to get the other body to join in with you. That is just the reality. Every decision involves taking some-thing away. It is always easy to call something administration or nonvital. That is what it looks like in the phrase. That may or may not be what it is in the program. So it is just a more difficult exercise than I think most folks understand. My friend’s point is still the right one. One of the reasons I look very carefully at this one is because I see it as a multiplier, in terms of the profes-sional shortage of people that we have that my friend has pointed to. Mr. Chairman, again, I reluctantly oppose this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have re-maining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman has 1 minute remaining. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Mas-sachusetts (Ms. C
LARK ). Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Chairman, again, I rise not in opposi-tion to this amendment, but I support this effort by my colleague as well. Let’s increase behavioral health inte-gration into pediatric primary care, for I, too, have seen the shortages of men-tal health providers in my home State 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.199 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7305 September 12, 2017 
and the very real and devastating im-pact that that has on families. This is a false crisis. There is $5 bil-lion that we have cut from the FY17 levels, but this false crisis has very real impacts on the lives of children and their families. Let’s get to the work of negotiating a bipartisan budget to lift sequestra-tion caps on both defense and non-defense, and draft a reasonable Labor- HHS bill that adequately funds mental health and substance abuse prevention programs. We have the opportunity and we need to seize it. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, let me say this: I have got to tell you that this is distressing to me. I know what my colleague meant by false crisis, but this is a crisis for children. The children in America with mental health problems cannot get care. Mem-bers of Congress have an opportunity to put a small amount of money to make a big difference for children who cannot get that care. What we can do and what my col-league from Oklahoma said is we need to cut some things. One of them is stop the ridiculous wasteful spending at SAMHSA. If they can fund $400,000 websites and going to luxurious hotels, they can certainly do something that actually puts providers there so chil-dren can change the trajectory of their lives. I have just known too many families who suffer through this. I hope that as Members vote on this, they remember those families in their districts and de-cide this is a way to send a signal that we can make a big difference in the lives of many. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
UR-
PHY). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 178 OFFERED BY MR . MURPHY  
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 178 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division F (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. For ‘‘Substance Abuse and Men-tal Health Services Administration—Mental Health’’ for establishing and operating the National Mental Health and Substance Use Policy Laboratory, as authorized by section 501A of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290aa–0), there is hereby appropriated, and the amount otherwise provided by this Act for ‘‘Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration—Health Surveil-lance and Program Support’’ is hereby re-duced by, $5,000,000. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
URPHY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I want to restate the prob-lems that exist at SAMHSA. The General Accounting Office, dur-ing the multiyear investigation of the subcommittee which I chair, the Over-sight and Investigations of the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, came back and said that 80 percent of the grants for SAMHSA are not evidence- based. There is a serious problem in that agency. Instead, they funded absurd pro-grams, such as making fruit smoothies; and a $400,000 website for toddlers to sing-along songs, which they told us was about prevention. We asked: What are you preventing? They said: We will get back to you on that. They also had workshops on getting in touch with your inner animal, mak-ing masks and collages; interpretive dancing; a website and crisis line for people in the New England area when they had heavy a snowfall so they could call in. They have workshops on how to tell people to get off their medications. They had a $25,000 oil painting for their office, which graces their hall, of peo-ple sitting on a rock, which gives them mental health awareness. I might add, the only thing I am aware of is a total waste of money. And, of course, an al-ternative conference, which continues this year as well, spending, I think, $150,000 or so to hold their conference at the luxurious Boston Park Plaza Hotel. I don’t want to hear from that agen-cy that they don’t have money. This particular program redirects them so they get reset in terms of evidence- based care. It forms a panel of people with expertise in medical psychiatric areas, including consumers. It is there to provide direction and guidance for an agency that has been without direction and guidance. It is there to make sure that we redirect the way SAMHSA is going so that it gets in the area of really treating mental illness. Let me say this—let me use the words of Dr. Elinore McCance-Katz, the current Assistant Secretary of Mental Health and, therefore, the de facto head of SAMHSA. She said: ‘‘. . . SAMHSA does not ad-dress the treatment needs of the most vulnerable in our society. Rather, the unit within SAMHSA charged with ad-dressing these disorders, the Center for Mental Health Services, chooses to focus on its own definition of ‘recov-ery,’ which generally ignores the treat-ment of mental disorders, and, as a major initiative under ‘recovery’ serv-ices, focuses on the development of a ‘peer workforce.’ ‘‘There is a perceptible hostility to-ward psychiatric medicine: a resistance to addressing the treatment needs of those with serious mental illness and a questioning by some at SAMHSA as to whether mental disorders even exist.’’ For example, they state that psy-chosis is just a different way of think-ing for some experiencing stress. They also focus on activities that don’t di-rectly assist those who have serious mental illness. She adds that: ‘‘Significant dollars are spent on hotlines for callers who may be experiencing suicidal thinking. ...  ’ ’  But I might add that during this whole time, while death rates decline for heart disease, lung disease, AIDS, and accidental deaths, et cetera, they went way up for suicide. They in-creased steadily for substance abuse. It is a failed agency, along those lines. She says that there are pressing needs, but nowhere in SAMHSA’s stra-tegic initiatives do they even address psychiatric treatment of mental illness as a priority. I know we have to change this. I would like to ask of my dear friend, the chairman of the subcommittee, is there a way we can talk more about this and address this in the future to see that this is addressed adequately? Mr. COLE. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. I yield to the gentleman from Okla-homa. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I thank my friend for yielding and for his excellent work in this area. Yes, we would look forward to that. Frankly, we have pretty regular ex-changes with a lot of the committees under our jurisdiction where they have done the hard work of authorizing an investigation. That can be used to guide appropriations. So I look forward to working with my friend to make sure we can elimi-nate the type of abuses that he is talk-ing about and redirect funds where they need to go for the care of patients. I thank my friend for his work and his kind words, and I certainly pledge that I will work with him going for-ward, as I have in the past. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Re-claiming my time, knowing that when my friend says something, I consider that a bond. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time, and I withdraw my amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT NO . 179 OFFERED BY MR . MURPHY  
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 179 printed in House Report 115–297. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Dec 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\SEPTEMBER\H12SE7.REC H12SE7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7306 September 12, 2017 
Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division F (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. For ‘‘Substance Abuse and Men-tal Health Services Administration—Mental Health’’ for carrying out the Strengthening Community Crisis Response Systems grant program, as authorized by section 520F of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290bb– 37), there is hereby appropriated, and the amount otherwise provided by this Act for ‘‘Substance Abuse and Mental Health Serv-ices Administration—Health Surveillance and Program Support’’ is hereby reduced by, $10,000,000. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
URPHY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, this is the last of my amendments on this. Although this House overwhelmingly passed the au-thorization for these, as did the Sen-ate, money was not allocated towards it. While I understand there is a priority to treat substance abuse, but even with that, many times there is nowhere for someone to go. Back in the 1950s, we had over half a million psychiatric hospital beds in this country. I think at the time the population of the United State was 150 million. Now, with a population close to 317 million to 318 million, we have about 40,000 hospital beds and a short-age of 100,000. The only State that ac-tually has an adequate number of beds is Mississippi. All the rest are at a crit-ical shortage. So what happens when a person has a drug overdose and needs to get into treatment? What happens when a per-son has a psychiatric breakdown? Well, generally what happens is the police arrive, not the paramedics. They arrest the person. Many States actu-ally say: Let’s put these people in a jail cell, because there is no bed. Or, if they take them to the hospital, the hospital says: Let’s just give them some medication to stabilize them and let them back out because we can’t hold them. We have no place for them to go. b2130 What happens, many times these peo-ple are boarded, that is, they remain in an emergency room bed, which is no place for someone with a psychiatric crisis. Sometimes they will be tied to their gurney; sometimes they are in the hallways; sometimes they are, for days or weeks or several weeks, wait-ing for a psychiatric bed and nothing opens up. I thought when Dorothea Dix said let’s close down the jail concept, that was prevalent in our country back then, let’s have nice hospitals for them. Historically, they said that was a good move, but what happened is these psych beds closed down starting widely in the 1980s and continuing until now. There simply is no place for them to go. Let’s remember that President Ken-nedy’s last bill he signed before his as-sassination was to begin this process of closing the beds but having commu-nity-based treatment, but America and Congress have not kept that promise. There is a story of a Senator from Virginia by the name of Creigh Deeds. Some may remember in the news when his son Gus had a crisis and Senator Deeds took his son to a hospital. There they waited hour after hour after hour while the hospital tried to find a hos-pital bed available for him. Finally, he said they couldn’t find any beds: Take young Gus home, and let’s see what happens in the future. When Senator Deeds took his son home, his son stabbed Senator Deeds, trying to kill him; and when Senator Deeds ran to get help, he survived, but his son did not because he shot himself with a bullet—because there were no beds. Now, this particular amendment doesn’t create beds, but what happens is sometimes there are beds available in other communities; but short of a hospital calling hospital after hospital after hospital to find a bed for some-one, which may be an hour or two drive away, there is no place for them. Surely, we understand the idea: Do we continue to put these folks in hos-pitals and jail cells? Do we dump them back in the street and let them be the forgotten homeless whom we walk over? Do we send them back home and risk further harm to them? Do we have them tied to a gurney and given a chemical sedation, a chemical straight-jacket to wait until something opens up? What this amendment does is it is $10 million in grants to develop and main-tain or enhance the database of inpa-tient psychiatric facilities and crisis stabilization units so we can begin to address this bed shortage. Rather than lead people away from care, this is a way of helping hospitals get that care and instill States to put together pro-grams to speed this up. We still have to work with CMS to create more beds and stop some of the ridiculous rules that they have in there, but what do we continue to tell the mentally ill? ‘‘We will get around to it’’? ‘‘We couldn’t do it this time’’? ‘‘Good luck’’? ‘‘I am sorry your son died’’? When does this end? Will we hear more excuses that we can’t do any-thing about it because we had a $5 bil-lion cut? What do we do with Ameri-cans who are dying from this over and over? Thomas Jefferson once said: ‘‘I trem-ble for my country when I reflect that God is just, that His justice cannot sleep forever.’’ We have a chance to make a difference in the justice for the mentally ill, or will we once again turn a blind eye and say we can do nothing? Mr. Chairman, I ask that Members vote for this amendment to try and save some lives. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MUR-
PHY). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. It is now in the order to consider amendment No. 180 printed in House Report 115–297. 
AMENDMENT NO . 182 OFFERED BY MR . BURGESS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 182 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division F (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. lll. For ‘‘Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration–Sub-stance Abuse Treatment’’ for the Controlled Substance Monitoring Program, as author-ized by section 399O of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280g–3), there is hereby appropriated, and the amount otherwise pro-vided by this Act for ‘‘Office of the Sec-retary—General Departmental Management’’ is hereby reduced by, $10,000,000. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Chair, tonight I am proud to introduce an amendment that will fully fund the National All Schedules Prescription Electronic Re-porting program, colloquially known as NASPER. NASPER has long provided us with an opportunity to help prevent the spread of opioids across the coun-try; however, until now, we have not funded it. NASPER funding supports the devel-opment and maintenance of a State- run prescription drug monitoring pro-gram. These prescription drug moni-toring programs allow for doctors and pharmacists to electronically inter-connect with one when prescribing opioids, allowing for the providers to confer and ensure that the patient is not receiving a duplicate opioid pre-scription that the patient may then di-vert or sell. Prescription drug monitoring pro-grams work because they engage pro-viders and they successfully prevent in-dividuals from exploiting weaknesses in the healthcare system. During any epidemic, it is important to first help those in need and provide support to individuals and first re-sponders who were impacted by the epi-demic. Last year, the Energy and Com-merce Committee and the Sub-committee on Health did exactly this. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.205 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7307 September 12, 2017 
We worked to put forth the Com-prehensive Addiction and Recovery Act to provide support for those impacted by the opioid epidemic by increasing access to those in need. No epidemic response, however, is complete without preventative meas-ures, and that is why NASPER is so important to this fight. We must prioritize programs like NASPER that are preventative and can ensure that errant prescribers and bad actors do not fall through the cracks. If we want to end this epidemic, we must commit resources to programs that will pro-mote prevention and encourage safer prescribing of prescription drugs. As the subcommittee chairman for the authorizing committee that has been tasked with the public health re-sponse to a crisis that claimed more than 60,000 American lives last year, I am committed to further working to oversee the implementation of our ini-tial response efforts and to develop any supplemental responses that may be needed to prevent future unnecessary deaths. I encourage my colleagues to take this opportunity to support the work of the Subcommittee on Health on the Energy and Commerce Committee in authorizing this and allow Congress to approve funding for NASPER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 183 printed in House report 115–297. 
AMENDMENT NO . 184 OFFERED BY MR . SCOTT OF  
VIRGINIA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 184 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk made in order under the rule. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division F (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. No funds made available by this Act may be used to undertake any activities to prepare for or facilitate the transfer of re-sponsibilities or functions from the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs of the Department of Labor to the Equal Em-ployment Opportunity Commission. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair, this amendment would prohibit the use of funds in this act to prepare for or fa-cilitate the transfer of the Department of Labor’s Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs into the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. The amendment would ensure that these two important agencies charged with distinct missions to enforce work-place discrimination laws are not un-duly burdened by the administration’s plan to transfer responsibilities of Con-tract Compliance into the EEOC. Although both agencies enforce dis-crimination laws, they differ in their authorities, their scope, and their re-sponsibilities. For example, Contract Compliance only addresses discrimina-tion by Federal contractors, unlike the EEOC, which enforces the laws as they relate to virtually all employees. Contract Compliance is responsible for ensuring that the Federal contrac-tors and subcontractors take affirma-tive action to ensure that all individ-uals have equal opportunity for em-ployment. EEOC was created by title VII of the Civil Rights Act, and its sup-port for affirmative action is vol-untary. Contract Compliance, the focus is on contract compliance, and the ultimate sanction is disbarment of a Federal contractor. It gets its authority through an executive order and accom-plishes much of its enforcement through the administrative process. By contrast, EEOC is established by stat-ute and makes and enforces Federal statutes through lawsuits in Federal courts. Other distinctions: The ultimate client for Contract Compliance is the Federal Govern-ment, while EEOC’s clients are private employees; EEOC is complaint driven, unlike the Office of Federal Contract Compliance; Contract Compliance can audit con-tractors, EEOC cannot; EEOC has subpoena power, Contract Compliance does not; Contract Compliance does not have the authority to file lawsuits and get punitive damages, EEOC can seek puni-tive damages and lawsuits; Contract Compliance enforces the Vietnam Era Veterans’ Readjustment Act, the EEOC does not; EEOC protects employees from ge-netic discrimination, Contract Compli-ance does not. The proposal to transfer the Office of Federal Contract Compliance into the EEOC came about by some ideological groups that want to shrink the Federal Government, but it is unwise because it is opposed by civil rights groups and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. To underscore the collective voice and opposition to this transfer, the Senate Committee on Appropriations adopted language last Thursday that says that the committee rejects the budget’s proposal to begin plans to merge the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs with the EEOC. Mr. Chair, the realignment of respon-sibilities would ask the EEOC to do considerably more with a lot less in terms of expertise, personnel, and fund-ing. Further, this combination would derail the EEOC’s efforts to reduce its backlog of charges while simulta-neously trying to collect vital data rel-evant to the enforcement of civil rights laws. The enforcement of civil rights laws would be best served if we in Congress would fully fund both the EEOC and the Office of Federal Contract Compli-ance so that they both can do the vital work of securing the right to work in a place free of harassment, retaliation, and other forms of discrimination. For these reasons, I ask my col-leagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amend-ment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 186 OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 186 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division F (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to enter into a con-tract with any person whose disclosures of a proceeding with a disposition listed in sec-tion 2313(c)(1) of title 41, United States Code, in the Federal Awardee Performance and In-tegrity Information System include the term ‘‘Fair Labor Standards Act’’ and such dis-position is listed as ‘‘willful’’ or ‘‘repeated’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. b2145 Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, my amendment is very simple. If you have a contract doing business with the Fed-eral Government, if in your disclosures you have been found designated to have violations of the Federal Labor Rela-tions Act, and those violations are con-sidered to be willful, intentional, and repeated, then you will not be able to take advantage of this particular ap-propriation. This kind of amendment is designed to say that the Federal Government believes that a penny earned and a penny worked should be received by the worker. It is as simple as that. People who do not support this amendment are saying that Federal contractors can engage in wage theft and it is okay with us. And we are sim-ply saying that the hardworking people in the United States expect that the Federal penny that workers earn will be given to them, and that is not too much to ask. Hardworking people living in Amer-ica should never worry that an em-ployer will steal their wages, especially if that employer is paid by a govern-ment contract. Right now, Federal con-tractors who repeatedly and inten-tionally pay subminimum wage, force 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.209 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7308 September 12, 2017 
their workers to work off the clock, refuse to pay overtime, or make illegal deductions on their employees’ pay are still allowed to apply for Federal con-tracts. They should not be. We should reward workers who treat their work-ers fairly and not allow firms who will-fully and repeatedly profiteer off of their employees by letting them keep their government contracts. If passed, my amendment will ensure that a business that willfully and re-peatedly violates the Fair Labor Standards Act cannot apply for a Fed-eral Government contract until they clean up their act. To be clear, my amendment would not punish a single accidental violation. If my colleagues across the aisle won’t make corporations pay their fair share of their taxes, I hope that they will at least join me in going after em-ployers who refuse to pay taxpayer money to line their pockets by cheat-ing employees repeatedly, and on pur-pose. This is not a small thing. This is real money out of real people’s pock-ets. The Economic Policy Institute found that low-wage workers in just the ten most popular States—California, Flor-ida, Georgia, Illinois, and others—lose $8 billion in wages due to wage theft each year. For example, the corporation General Dynamics Information Technology owns a number of call centers that serve Federal contracts. In the last 10 years, they have agreed to pay $412,000 in back wages to 921 employees for Fair Labor Standards Act violations. Immi-grants and residents of low-income communities are often at the greatest risk for abuse at the hands of employ-ers who do wage theft. The government should be doing ev-erything it can to protect workers from intimidation and stolen wages. If this amendment passes, companies like General Dynamics Information Tech-nology won’t be able to continue to do what they have been doing. They will have to be fair to people, at least after they clean up their act. We have to demand higher standards, Mr. Chairman. Respecting a fair day’s pay for a fair day’s work is an Amer-ican value. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I appre-ciate the gentleman’s amendment, and I know the sincerity of his view on the issue. This amendment, in my view, mir-rors, to some degree, the last adminis-tration’s regulation on so-called Fair Play and Safe Workplaces, also known as a blacklisting rule, which has re-cently been withdrawn. There are existing requirements for reporting and addressing violations of labor laws by Federal contractors. In-deed, hundreds of companies every year are barred from doing business with the Federal Government. While bad actors certainly should face consequences, I believe blanket prohibitions circumvent proper admin-istrative review under the existing pro-cedures. Agencies already have many requirements related to the award of Federal contracts, and imposing a new across-the-board requirement, in my view, is not the right approach to ad-dress this issue. Mr. Chairman, I oppose the amend-ment, and I urge its rejection. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Minnesota has 1
1⁄2minutes re-maining. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. S
COTT). Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-man, we know that there are a lot of contractors who have significant wage violations. It should be a privilege to contract with the Federal Government. Taxpayers should not be asked to sub-sidize companies that engage in willful and repeated wage theft. This amendment only applies to con-tractors with repeated willful viola-tions, not technical violations that could result from good faith difference in interpretation of rules and regula-tions—willful and repeated. Awarding contracts to those kind of contractors is not only unfair to work-ers, it is unfair to law-abiding contrac-tors who play by the rules but are forced to compete on an unlevel play-ing field with those who cut corners. Mr. Chairman, I include in the R
ECORD a letter from the American Civil Liberties Union. 
AMERICAN CIVILLIBERTIES UNION, Washington, DC, September 7, 2017. V
OTEYES ONAMENDMENTS NO. 113, N O. 184, 
ANDNO. 186 TOH.R. 3354, THEMAKEAMER-
ICASECURE AND PROSPEROUS APPROPRIA -
TIONS ACT, 2018 D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the American Civil Liberties Union and our more than two million members and supporters, we urge you to support the following amend-ments that may be offered during floor con-sideration of H.R. 3354, the Make America Secure and Prosperous Appropriations Act, 2018: 
1. AMENDMENT NO . 113 (PRESERVING FUNDING  
FOR THE EEOC /EEO–1 EQUAL PAY DATA COL -
LECTION)  In July, the House Appropriations Com-mittee adopted the Harris Amendment to defund implementation of the Equal Employ-ment Opportunity Commission’s (EEOC) re-vised Employer Information Report (EEO–1). Amendment No. 113, offered by Representa-tives DeLauro, Frankel, and Scott to the FY18 CJS appropriations bill, would preserve funding for that critical equal pay initiative. The data collection at issue, through the EEO–1 that employers already must use to document the demographics of their workforces, is a critical tool to lift the cloak of secrecy that shrouds pay decisions in this country. Without such transparency, the pernicious gender and race wage gaps, and the discrimination that causes them, will continue to flourish. The new EEO–1 revision was adopted after extensive public comment and would have deterred intentional pay dis-parities, facilitated employers’ good faith ef-forts to comply with equal pay laws, and identified appropriate targets for federal en-forcement of nondiscrimination law. Instead of supporting this measured ap-proach to eliminate the pay gap, the EEO–1 has been undermined by members of Con-gress and the Trump Administration’s Office of Management and Budget, which recently halted implementation of the EEO-1 equal pay data collection. Because OMB has or-dered a review and requested that the EEOC undertake a new effort, the Harris amend-ment could unnecessarily tie the agency’s hands. Members should vote in favor of the DeLauro-Frankel-Scott amendment in order to preserve the ability of the EEOC to con-tinue to make meaningful progress on equal pay. A vote against this amendment is a vote against equal pay. 2. AMENDMENT NO . 184 (NO FUNDING TO ELIMI -
NATE OFCCP AND TRANSFER DUTIES TO EEOC)  The Trump administration’s FY2018 budget submission to Congress recommended the elimination of the Department of Labor’s Of-fice of Federal Contract Compliance Pro-grams (OFCCP) and the transfer of its func-tions to the EEOC. This amendment, offered by Representatives Conyers and Scott to the FY18 Labor-HHS-Education appropriations bill, would withhold federal funding in order to prevent implementation of this ill-advised proposal. These vital and distinct agencies have dif-ferent missions and different areas of exper-tise. The EEOC seeks to remedy complaints of discrimination in employment. The OFCCP more broadly oversees the employ-ment practices of federal contractors who are required to proactively monitor work-place diversity and pay equity, make mean-ingful efforts to recruit qualified applicants from under-represented groups, and elimi-nate barriers to equal opportunity for var-ious disadvantaged groups, including vet-erans and individuals with disabilities. The administration’s proposal would jeopardize the uniquely important missions of each agency and weakens our government’s abil-ity to effectively enforce our nation’s civil rights laws. It would also place an extraor-dinary burden on the EEOC which already has an excessive workload and a well-known backlog. Finally, numerous organizations that work with these agencies—from civil rights, women’s rights, and workers’ rights groups along with business groups such as the U.S. Chamber of Commerce—oppose the administration’s proposal. For these reasons, we urge members of the House to support Amendment No. 184 that would prevent the elimination of OFCCP. 
3. AMENDMENT NO . 186 (NO FUNDING TO FEDERAL  
CONTRACTORS WHO REPEATEDLY AND WILL -
FULLY VIOLATE FLSA)  This amendment, offered by Representa-tives Ellison, Grijalva and Pocan to the FY18 Labor-HHS-Education appropriations bill, would ensure that no federal contracts are entered into with entities that willfully and repeatedly violate the Fair Labor Standards Act. Employers that have the privilege of doing business with the federal government also have a responsibility to comply with our laws. This amendment would provide a strong protection against our government doing business with employers that commit labor violations. Should you have any questions, please con-tact Vania Leveille. Sincerely, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.214 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7309 September 12, 2017 
FAIZSHAKIR , Director, Washington Legislative Office. V
ANIA LEVEILLE , Senior Legislative Counsel. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-man, I support the amendment, and I urge its adoption. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 187 OFFERED BY MR . GIBBS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 187 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division F (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, ad-minister, or enforce the final regulations on ‘‘Improve Tracking of Workplace Injuries and Illnesses’’ published by the Department of Labor in the Federal Register on May 12, 2016 (81 Fed. Reg. 29624 et seq.). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. G
IBBS) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Chairman, my amendment prohibits the Department of Labor and OSHA from implementing a burdensome rule dealing with report-ing workplace injuries and illness. The OSHA rule requires all busi-nesses with more than 250 employees to file all illness and injury reports in a publicly available database. It would also be a requirement for any business with more than 20 employees in certain industries such as manufacturing or agriculture. This online filing requirement raises serious privacy concerns. While em-ployers were previously required to col-lect this information, it was never open and available to the public. The rule risks the confidentiality of personally identifiable information for those injured on the job. Additionally, a provision in the final rule declaring automatic postaccident drug testing is now considered an un-reasonable procedure, a provision that conflicts with multiple States’ work-ers’ compensation laws. While the Trump administration has wisely delayed the implementation of the regulation, it is important to pre-vent any future development of this rule. I encourage my colleagues to adopt this amendment, which rolls back an-other one-size-fits-all regulation from Washington, D.C., that potentially interferes with the privacy of employ-ers and employees for the entirety of fiscal year 2018. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposi-tion to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this amendment, which would re-move protections for workers who re-port workplace injuries and prevent OSHA from collecting data necessary to identify and target the most haz-ardous workplaces and serious safety and health problems. Let’s look at 2015. There were nearly 5,000 workers killed on the job by trau-matic injuries and an estimated 50,000 deaths from occupational diseases. Each day, 150 workers in this country died because of exposure to workplace hazards. In 2015, there were 3.7 million work-place injuries reported, with more than half of them serious, but these numbers don’t show the whole problem. Studies have shown that up to half of all work-place injuries are not reported on the OSHA injury log. One of the reasons is that some workers fear that they will be retaliated against or fired if they re-port an injury. The new OSHA rule strengthens pro-tections for workers who report inju-ries, which will allow workers to report them more freely and result in more complete reporting. OSHA’s injury tracking rule is an im-portant worker protection measure that does three things. First, it pro-hibits employers from retaliating against workers who report workplace injuries. Second, it continues long-standing requirements that certain em-ployers in high-risk industries submit summary injury and illness data to OSHA, which now must be done elec-tronically. And, third, it requires large employers in high-risk injuries to sub-mit more detailed injury and illness data to OSHA. These are critical protections for workers. They should not be over-turned. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Chairman, employers will still be required to keep this infor-mation on record. Any OSHA inspector can come in and inspect those records. So the idea that there is no docu-mentation of any workplace injuries or illnesses is still there. The problem here is that it is put on a website, that could have issues with FOIA requests, also publicly available. Businesses will be forced to sensitive information and confidential informa-tion that will be public information that risks the identity of many em-ployees out there. OSHA has historically recognized the sensitive nature of this data and sought to protect this information being released on, as I said, the Free-dom of Information Act request. Furthermore, OSHA has failed to demonstrate any evidence that this rule will effectively reduce workplace injuries and illnesses. I think the point to remember here is that employers are required to keep the records of that, and OSHA inspectors can see that. So when OSHA comes in and inspects a business entity, they can look at those records and see what the workplace in-juries are and red flag them, and they have that ability. But personal infor-mation should not be at risk to the public and risk people’s identities and their personal health issues for illness and work injuries. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT), my friend, the distinguished ranking mem-ber of the Education and the Workforce Committee. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-man, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment, which blocks OSHA’s ability to improve tracking of injuries and illnesses in workplaces across the country. One of the problems we have is that Federal OSHA and State OSHA plans have less than 2,000 inspectors to cover 8 million workplaces nationally. If you do the arithmetic, each Federal OSHA inspector can inspect a workplace about once every 159 years. State OSHA might be able to do it once a century. So the fact that you have something on site that is there for them to see if they ever get there, the problem is they never get there. We need to make sure they have the information to know which ones to go to, which ones are the dangerous sites. The scarce resources that OSHA needs to precisely target those resources is a result of these reports. For large em-ployers, and each illness with summary information from smaller employers, that is how they figure out where to visit. This rule also protects workers against discrimination if they report injuries. GAO has found that workers fear reporting injuries, especially where employers impose sanctions or reduce bonuses for work-related inju-ries. This amendment would upend this important rule which allows OSHA to target their resources to inspect those that really need inspecting. This amendment would upend the rule and compromise its transparency and worker protections. The information is not individually identifiable. People are protected. But 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE7.112 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7310 September 12, 2017 
the courts have said that this informa-tion is not confidential. This amendment would rig the sys-tem against worker safety by depriving OSHA of the information they need to target the workplaces, so I request a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Chairman, I ask sup-port of my amendment to make sure that we protect the private health records of our employees at the work site and any illnesses that they might have. I don’t think we should risk that. As I said earlier, I think OSHA in-spectors have the ability to come in and inspect those records on the work-place site. Putting it out on the inter-net doesn’t make a lot of sense. Mr. Chairman, I urge support of the amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. b2200 Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Chairman, Congress should support OSHA’s efforts to protect workers and use their data to target safety and health efforts to the most dangerous workplaces. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to re-ject this rider and to move forward with the underlying bill. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Ohio (Mr. G
IBBS). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Ohio will be post-poned. It is now in order to consider amend-ment No. 188 printed in House Report 115–297. It is now in order to consider amend-ment No. 189 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chair, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. G
IBBS) having assumed the chair, Mr. A
RRINGTON , Acting Chair of the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 3354) making appropria-tions for the Department of the Inte-rior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
SECURE RURAL SCHOOLS PROGRAM (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise this evening to highlight the impor-tance of the Secure Rural Schools pro-gram. It was created to fill a void in the economics left by restrictive forest management practices and regulations that have basically cut off our Federal forests and left many rural commu-nities without the forests that once drove their economy: timber harvest. The program was established in 2000 as only a temporary program to help rural America until we could restore active forest management, which would allow communities to then be self-sufficient, create jobs, work the land, and keep their schools running. Indeed, the temporary program has not seen the practices towards forest management, towards timber harvest that is needed, as we see the West up in smoke once again. We need, in Congress, to put policies in place that allow for timber harvest, for better air quality, for the safety of the habitat, for the economy, and for secure rural schools so they will see funding they need, and for counties as well that rely on that for road money. In Modoc County, they are afraid they may have to close one of their high schools, which means another 50- mile drive through bad weather over a ridge for some of the students there. Congress must implement common-sense forest management for a myriad of reasons: again, forest health, school funding, jobs, all the things that make sense for the West. We need to pass Se-cure Rural Schools funding. f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida (at the re-quest of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of assisting his family and constituents in recovery efforts from Hurricane Irma. Mr. M
ARINO (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of personal reasons. 
f 
SENATE BILLS REFERRED Bills of the Senate of the following titles were taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 1311. An act to provide assistance in abolishing human trafficking in the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary; in addition, to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce; and to the Committee on Homeland Security for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. S. 1312. An act to prioritize the fight against human trafficking in the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary; in addition, to the Committee on Education and the Workforce; and to the Committee on Foreign Affairs for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. ENROLLED BILL SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 3732. An act to amend section 1113 of the Social Security Act to provide authority for increased fiscal year 2017 and 2018 pay-ments for temporary assistance to United States citizens returned from foreign coun-tries. f 
BILL PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on September 11, 2017, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the fol-lowing bill: 
H.R. 3732. To amend section 1113 of the So-cial Security Act to provide authority for in-creased fiscal year 2017 and 2018 payments for temporary assistance to United States citi-zens returned from foreign countries. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 10 o’clock and 5 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, September 13, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
2461. A letter from the Acting Adminis-trator, Agricultural Marketing Service; Livestock, Poultry, and Seed Program, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Rules of Practice Governing Formal Adjudicatory Proceedings Instituted by the Secretary Under Various Statutes [Docket No.: AMS-LPS-16-0051] (RIN: 0581-AD58) received August 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. 2462. A letter from the Congressional Re-view Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Importation of Hass Avocados From Colombia [Docket No.: APHIS-2016-0022] (RIN: 0579-AE29) received August 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. 2463. A letter from the Under Secretary, Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, De-partment of Defense, transmitting the De-partment of Defense Chemical Demilitariza-tion Program Semi-Annual Report to Con-gress for September 2017, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1521(j); Public Law 99-145, Sec. 1412 (as amended by Public Law 112-239, Sec. 1421(a)); (126 Stat. 204); to the Committee on Armed Services. 2464. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel, Division of Regulatory Services, Of-fice of the General Counsel, Department of Education, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Teacher Preparation Issues [Docket ID: ED-2014-OPE-0057] (RIN: 1840- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:48 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE7.218 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7311 September 12, 2017 
AD07) received August 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 2465. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Fiscal Year 2016 Annual Progress Report to Congress on the C.W. Bill Young Cell Transplantation Program and National Cord Blood Inventory Program, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 274k(a)(6); July 1, 1944, ch. 373, title III, Sec. 379 (as amended by Public Law 109- 129, Sec. 3(a)); (119 Stat. 2554); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 2466. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Fiscal Year 2016 Report on the Preven-tive Medicine and Public Health Training Grant Program, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 295c(d); July 1, 1944, ch. 373, title VII, Sec. 768(d) (as amended by Public Law 111-148, Sec. 10501(m)); (124 Stat. 1002); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2467. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the NURSE Corps Loan Repayment and Scholarship Programs Report to Congress for Fiscal Year 2016, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 297n(h); July 1, 1944, ch. 373, title VIII, Sec. 846(h) (as amended by Public Law 107-205, Sec. 103(d)); (116 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2468. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report entitled ‘‘Premarket Approval of Pe-diatric Uses of Devices — FY 2016’’, pursuant to Sec. 302 of the Food and Drug Administra-tion Amendments Act of September 27, 2007; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2469. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting a mandate from the Accountability Review Board con-cerning the May 31, 2017 attack in Kabul, Af-ghanistan; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 2470. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-45, pursuant to the reporting re-quirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 2471. A letter from the Acting Assistant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting five (5) notifications of a fed-eral vacancy, designation of acting officer, nomination, or action on nomination, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 2472. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for General Law, Office of the Gen-eral Counsel, Department of Homeland Secu-rity, transmitting three notifications of an action on a nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 2473. A letter from the Chief, Border Secu-rity Regulations Branch, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Waiver of Passport and Visa Re-quirements Due to an Unforseen Emergency [USCBP-2016-0006] (RIN: 1651-AA97) received August 29, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 2474. A letter from the Administrator, Fed-eral Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s report to Congress entitled, ‘‘Assist-ance Provided to Foreign Aviation Authori-ties for FY 2016’’, pursuant to 49 U.S.C. 40113(e)(4); Public Law 103-272, Sec. 1(e) (as amended by Public Law 112-95, Sec. 207); (126 Stat. 39); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 2475. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; SOCATA Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2017-0417; Directorate Identifier 2017-CE-008- AD; Amendment 39-18975; AD 2017-15-15] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 25, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2476. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2016-9307; Directorate Identifier 2016-NM-076-AD; Amendment 39-18970; AD 2017-15-10] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 25, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 2477. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2017-0330; Directorate Identifier 2017-NM-016-AD; Amendment 39-18972; AD 2017-15-12] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 25, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 2478. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Empresa Brasileira de Aeronautica S.A. (Embraer) [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0250; Directorate Identifier 2016-NM-158-AD; Amendment 39-18976; AD 2017-15-16] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 25, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2479. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Diamond Aircraft Industries GmbH Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0640; Direc-torate Identifier 2017-CE-020-AD; Amendment 39-18969; AD 2017-15-09] (RIN: 2120-AA64) re-ceived August 25, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 2480. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0331; Directorate Identifier 2016-NM-213-AD; Amendment 39-18971; AD 2017-15-11] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 25, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 2481. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc., (Type Certificate Previously Held by Canadair Limited) Air-planes [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0333; Direc-torate Identifier 2017-NM-005-AD; Amend-ment 39-18974; AD 2017-15-14] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 25, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 2482. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2016-9055; Directorate Identifier 2016-NM-071- AD; Amendment 39-18977; AD 2017-15-17] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 25, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2483. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Augusta S.p.A. Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0142; Product Identifier 2016- SW-013-AD; Amendment 39-18979; AD 2017-16- 02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 25, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 2484. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0664; Directorate Identifier 2016-SW-073-AD; Amendment 39-18947; AD 2017-14-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 25, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 2485. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; British Aerospace Regional Aircraft Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0395; Direc-torate Identifier 2017-CE-011-AD; Amendment 39-18966; AD 2017-15-06] (RIN: 2120-AA64) re-ceived August 25, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 2486. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2016-9304; Directorate Identifier 2016-NM-028-AD; Amendment 39-18959; AD 2017-14-15] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 25, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 2487. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Lycoming Engines Reciprocating En-gines [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0788; Product Identifier 2017-NE-27-AD; Amendment 39- 18988; AD 2017-16-11] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 25, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 2488. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Piper Aircraft, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0759; Product Identifier 2017- CE-023-AD; Amendment 39-18980; AD 2017-16- 03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 25, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 2489. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L12SE7.000 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7312 September 12, 2017 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31143; Amdt. No.: 3755] received August 25, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 2490. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31144; Amdt. No.: 3756] received August 25, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 2491. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class D and E Airspace; Mosinee, WI [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0355; Airspace Docket No.: 17-AGL- 12] received August 25, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2492. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace for the following Texas Towns; Pampa, TX and Seminole, TX [Docket No.: FAA-2017- 0185; Airspace Doc. No.: 17-ASW-6] received August 25, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 2493. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace, and Amendment of Class E Air-space; St. George, UT [Docket No.: FAA-2016- 8162; Airspace Docket No.: 17-ANM-12] re-ceived August 25, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 2494. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0699; Directorate Identifier 2017-NM-004-AD; Amendment 39-18968; AD 2017-15-08] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 2495. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2016-9052; Product Identifier 2016-NM-080-AD; Amendment 39-18983; AD 2017-16-06] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2496. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2017-0335; Product Identifier 2017-NM-025-AD; Amendment 39-18994; AD 2017-17-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 2497. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Examination of returns and claims for refund, credit, or abatement; determina-tion of correct liability (Rev. Proc. 2017-44) received August 30, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 2498. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — General Arbitrage Rebate Rules (Rev. Proc. 2017-50) received August 30, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 2499. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — National Average Bronze Plan Pre-mium (Rev. Proc. 2017-48) (RP 128677-16) re-ceived August 30, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 2500. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Section 305 Treatments of Elective Dividends by Publicly Offered REITs and RICs (Rev. Proc. 2017-45), pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 2501. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the De-partment’s report entitled, ‘‘Implementing the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2015’’ for Fiscal Year 2016, pursuant to 6 U.S.C. 1506(a)(1); Public Law 114-113, Sec. 107(a)(1); (29 Stat. 2951); to the Committee on Homeland Security. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 2582. A bill to authorize the State of Utah to select certain lands that are available for disposal under the Pony Ex-press Resource Management Plan to be used for the support and benefit of State institu-tions, and for other purposes; with an amend-ment (Rept. 115–305). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 1624. A bill to require the appropriate Federal banking agencies to treat certain municipal obligations as level 2A liquid assets, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 115–306). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 513. Resolution pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3697) to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act with respect to aliens associated with criminal gangs, and for other purposes, and providing for proceedings during the period from September 15, 2017, through September 22, 2017 (Rept. 115–307). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
TIME LIMITATION OF REFERRED BILL Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XII, the following action was taken by the Speaker: [Omitted from the Record of September 11, 2017] H.R. 3017. Referral to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure extended for a period ending not later than October 13, 2017. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. D ESANTIS (for himself and Mr. L
YNCH ): H.R. 3737. A bill to provide for a study on the use of social media in security clearance investigations; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. By Mr. M
CGOVERN (for himself and Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois): H.R. 3738. A bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to re-move certain limitations with respect to commodity assistance for school breakfast programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia: H.R. 3739. A bill to amend the Act of Au-gust 25, 1958, commonly known as the ‘‘Former Presidents Act of 1958’’, with re-spect to the monetary allowance payable to a former President, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts (for herself, Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, and Mrs. D AVIS of California): H.R. 3740. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to improve the financial aid process for homeless children and youths and foster care children and youth; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. MEEKS (for himself, Mr. E
VANS , Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. M AXINE  W
ATERS of California, Mr. C LAY, Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, and Mr. P AYNE ): H.R. 3741. A bill to codify the Minority Bank Deposit Program, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois (for himself, Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, and Mrs. D
AVIS of California): H.R. 3742. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to provide formula grants to States to improve higher education oppor-tunities for foster youth and homeless youth, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 3743. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Transportation to issue regulations to en-sure airfare fairness in the wake of a disaster or emergency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Mr. BISHOP of Utah: H.R. 3744. A bill to provide that an Indian group may receive Federal acknowledgment as an Indian tribe only by an Act of Con-gress; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mrs. LAWRENCE (for herself, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Mr. E VANS , and Mr. D
ESAULNIER ): H.R. 3745. A bill to amend the Fair Housing Act to establish that certain conduct, in or around a dwelling, shall be considered to be severe or pervasive for purposes of deter-mining whether a certain type of sexual har-assment has occurred under that Act, and for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L12SE7.000 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7313 September 12, 2017 
other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. DUFFY (for himself and Ms. M
OORE ): H.R. 3746. A bill to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to clarify the authority of the Bureau of Consumer Fi-nancial Protection with respect to persons regulated by a State insurance regulator, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. GOTTHEIMER (for himself, Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , and Mr. R EED): H.R. 3747. A bill to require financial insti-tutions to freeze the assets of individuals ar-rested under suspicion of participating in do-mestic terrorism or providing material sup-port to terrorists, to establish a national clearinghouse for information on incidents of homegrown ‘‘lone wolf’’ terrorism, domes-tic terrorism, and persons providing material support to terrorists, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. HIGGINS of New York (for him-self, Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. K EATING , Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. T
ITUS, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. D
ELANEY , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. E STYof Connecticut, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. K
IHUEN , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. S EAN P
ATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. P
ETERSON , Mr. P OLIS, and Mr. H ECK): H.R. 3748. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for an option for individuals who are ages 50 to 64 to buy into Medicare, to provide for health insur-ance market stabilization, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LAWSON of Florida (for him-self, Mr. E
VANS , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. W IL-
SONof Florida, Ms. L EE, Ms. M OORE , Ms. K
APTUR , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. M CGOV-
ERN, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. S OTO, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Ms. M ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. V ELA, Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mr. R USH, and Mr. P
AYNE ): H.R. 3749. A bill to amend the Food and Nu-trition Act of 2008 to provide for a standard medical expense deduction under the supple-mental nutrition assistance program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agri-culture, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Ways and Means, and Education and the Workforce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico (for herself and Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico): H.R. 3750. A bill to amend the Energy Pol-icy Act of 2005 to facilitate the commer-cialization of energy and related tech-nologies developed at Department of Energy facilities with promising commercial poten-tial; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MEADOWS (for himself and Mr. LANGEVIN ): H.R. 3751. A bill to amend the Help Amer-ica Vote Act of 2002 to direct the Election Assistance Commission to develop best prac-tices for States to use to protect the integ-rity of elections for Federal office, to make election technology improvement grants to States for adopting and applying such best practices in the administration of elections for Federal office, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Intel-ligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. NORCROSS (for himself and Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania): H.R. 3752. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to develop and implement plans to improve the safety of medical facili-ties of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 3753. A bill to establish the United States Commission on an Open Society with Security; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. MEEKS (for himself, Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Ms. R OSEN , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Ms. L EE, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. K AP-
TUR, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. E VANS , Ms. B LUNT  R
OCHESTER , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. K ELLY  of Pennsylvania, Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. V ELA, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S IRES, Mr. C OURT -
NEY, Ms. M AXINE WATERS of Cali-fornia, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. R USH, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. Q UIGLEY , and Mr. M
OULTON ): H. Con. Res. 78. Concurrent resolution de-nouncing and opposing the violence, xeno-phobia, and bigotry that are promoted by White nationalists and neo-Nazis; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. D ESANTIS: H.R. 3737. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article II, Section 2, Clause 2 (The Presi-dent . . . ‘‘shall nominate, and by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate shall appoint Ambassadors, other public Ministers and Consuls, Judges of the supreme Court, and all other Officers of the United States, who Appointments are not herein otherwise provided for, and which shall be established by Law: but the Congress may by Law vest the Appointment of such inferior Officers, as they think proper, in the President alone, in the Courts of Law, or in the Heads of Depart-ments.’’), Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 (‘‘The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposes, and Excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common De-fense and general Welfare of the United States. . . .’’), and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (The Congress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’). By Mr. MCGOVERN: H.R. 3738. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia: H.R. 3739. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I: The Con-gress shall have Power To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitu-tion in this Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts: H.R. 3740. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, United States Con-stitution By Mr. MEEKS: H.R. 3741. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The necessary and proper clause of the Constitution and the interstate commerce clause By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 3742. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I of the Constitution and its subse-quent amendments and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 3743. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to . . . provide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States; . . .’’ By Mr. BISHOP of Utah: H.R. 3744. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 3 By Mrs. LAWRENCE: H.R. 3745. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, ‘‘To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ By Mr. DUFFY: H.R. 3746. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 1 (relating to the general welfare of the United States); and Article I, section 8, clause 3 (relating to the power to regulate interstate commerce). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L12SE7.100 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7314 September 12, 2017 
By Mr. GOTTHEIMER: H.R. 3747. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. HIGGINS of New York: H.R. 3748. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 allows Con-gress to make all laws ‘‘which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into execu-tion’’ any ‘‘other’’ powers vested by the Con-stitution in the Government of the United States. By Mr. LAWSON of Florida: H.R. 3749. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico: H.R. 3750. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article One of the United States Constitu-tion, located at section 8, clause 18. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 3751. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 4 By Mr. NORCROSS: H.R. 3752. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Clause 8 By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 3753. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: section 1 of article I, and clause 18, section 8 of article I of the Constitution. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 36: Mr. F RANCIS ROONEY of Florida, Mr. L
OUDERMILK , and Mr. H IGGINS of Lou- isiana. H.R. 38: Mr. D
AVIDSON and Mr. G ALLAGHER . H.R. 233: Mr. R
YAN of Ohio and Ms. K AP-
TUR. H.R. 284: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 299: Mr. E
STES of Kansas. H.R. 365: Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 463: Mr. G
ARRETT . H.R. 489: Ms. S
PEIER . H.R. 490: Mr. S
IMPSON . H.R. 535: Mr. G
ROTHMAN and Mr. C APUANO . H.R. 539: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 548: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 604: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 632: Mr. S
IRES. H.R. 644: Mr. D
AVIDSON and Mr. L ABRADOR . H.R. 662: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 681: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 696: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 721: Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER and Mr. G
OTTHEIMER . H.R. 741: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY . H.R. 747: Mr. M
CEACHIN , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M
ALONEY of New York, and Ms. B ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 750: Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 754: Ms. G
ABBARD , Mr. P ANETTA , Mrs. L
AWRENCE , and Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 758: Mr. F
ERGUSON . H.R. 785: Mr. B
ERGMAN and Mr. B UCK. H.R. 807: Mr. LOBIONDO . H.R. 812: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 815: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 820: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, Mr. D
OGGETT , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. E MMER , and Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 822: Ms. S
PEIER . H.R. 874: Mr. M
OULTON and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 895: Mr. H
ARRIS . H.R. 936: Mr. W
ITTMAN , Mr. L ANCE , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. M OULTON , Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas, and Mr. C OLE. H.R. 986: Mr. G
IANFORTE . H.R. 1002: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 1017: Mr. Z
ELDIN , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl- vania, Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. A
GUILAR , Ms. M ENG, Mr. C OLE, Mr. B OST, Mr. K
ILDEE , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Mr. C APUANO , and Mr. D
ESJARLAIS . H.R. 1057: Mr. K
ILDEE , Mr. G AETZ , and Mr. E
STES of Kansas. H.R. 1098: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 1136: Mr. Y
OHO. H.R. 1144: Ms. D
ELAURO . H.R. 1148: Mr. R
EEDand Ms. S INEMA . H.R. 1155: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1164: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Mr. J ONES , and Mr. T
HORNBERRY . H.R. 1261: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE . H.R. 1300: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 1368: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 1384: Mr. H
ECK. H.R. 1406: Mr. Z
ELDIN and Mr. D EUTCH . H.R. 1409: Mr. L
OEBSACK and Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 1456: Ms. S
A´NCHEZ and Mr. B ROWN of Maryland. H.R. 1468: Mr. F
LORES . H.R. 1477: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 1539: Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1542: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 1589: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 1606: Mr. B
IGGS. H.R. 1661: Mr. K
IND, Mr. C OOK, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , and Mr. W ALBERG . H.R. 1676: Mr. S
ESSIONS , Ms. B ASS, Ms. R
OSEN , and Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 1730: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Ms. E SHOO , and Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 1802: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 1861: Ms. N
ORTON and Mr. E VANS . H.R. 1864: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 1898: Mrs. W
AGNER . H.R. 1899: Mr. E
SPAILLAT . H.R. 1987: Ms. M
OORE and Mr. C ASTRO of Texas. H.R. 2092: Mr. B
ACON , Mr. W ALZ, and Mr. C
ALVERT . H.R. 2130: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 2142: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 2152: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS and Mr. G AETZ . H.R. 2198: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 2285: Mr. T
ONKO and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 2290: Mr. L
OEBSACK . H.R. 2306: Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 2309: Mr. M
CGOVERN and Mr. J EFFRIES . H.R. 2319: Ms. F
UDGE . H.R. 2327: Mr. D
ESJARLAIS and Mr. B ROWN  of Maryland. H.R. 2342: Mr. L
IPINSKI . H.R. 2344: Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 2358: Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H.R. 2405: Mr. L
OBIONDO . H.R. 2408: Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 2434: Mr. B
ERGMAN . H.R. 2450: Mr. G
AETZ . H.R. 2452: Mrs. D
AVIS of California. H.R. 2465: Mr. E
MMER , Mr. L AWSON of Flor- ida, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , and Mr. A BRAHAM . H.R. 2482: Mr. E
NGEL , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. A
DAMS , Ms. D EGETTE , and Mr. C OLLINS of New York. H.R. 2519: Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. K ELLY of Mis- sissippi, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mr. STEWART , Ms. C LARK of Mas- sachusetts, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mrs. B
LACKBURN , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, and Mr. M
ITCHELL . H.R. 2545: Mr. B
ERGMAN . H.R. 2589: Mr. Y
OHO. H.R. 2591: Mr. L
AHOOD. H.R. 2663: Mr. B
URGESS . H.R. 2666: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 2687: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 2690: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 2701: Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. D ONOVAN , and Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H.R. 2713: Mr. B
ARRand Mrs. B USTOS . H.R. 2723: Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana, Mr. Y
OHO, Mr. P OEof Texas, and Mrs. H ARTZLER . H.R. 2733: Mr. N
OLAN and Mr. H IMES. H.R. 2740: Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. M ITCHELL , and Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 2790: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY . H.R. 2797: Mr. J
EFFRIES and Mr. K IHUEN . H.R. 2801: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 2809: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 2832: Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida and Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 2871: Mr. J
ONES , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , and Mr. W
ITTMAN . H.R. 2890: Mr. Q
UIGLEY and Mr. R USH. H.R. 2902: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK and Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 2909: Mr. W
ILLIAMS , Mr. C OLE, Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , and Mr. B URGESS . H.R. 2926: Mr. F
ASO, Mr. R OTHFUS , and Mr. M
ARINO . H.R. 2942: Mr. L
EVIN. H.R. 2953: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. W
ALBERG , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, Mr. E MMER , and Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 2955: Mr. M
OOLENAAR . H.R. 3053: Mr. G
ALLAGHER . H.R. 3071: Mr. C
ONNOLLY . H.R. 3117: Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. R
OTHFUS , and Mr. B ARR. H.R. 3127: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 3128: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 3134: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 3148: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 3153: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER . H.R. 3170: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 3179: Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 3263: Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, and Mr. D OGGETT . H.R. 3274: Mr. M
ITCHELL , Ms. E STYof Con- necticut, Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. K ELLY of Mis- sissippi, Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. S
CHRADER , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. T URNER , Mr. M
CHENRY , Mr. H IMES, Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. T
AYLOR , and Mr. L ATTA . H.R. 3275: Mr. D
ESAULNIER and Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 3282: Mrs. H
ARTZLER . H.R. 3304: Ms. A
DAMS , Ms. B ASS, Ms. B LUNT  R
OCHESTER , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. C
LEAVER , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Ms. L EE, Mr. L EWIS of Geor- gia, Mrs. L
OVE, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. W ILSON of Flor- ida, and Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 3311: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York. H.R. 3329: Mr. G
ARRETT and Mr. P OEof Texas. H.R. 3361: Mr. M
CNERNEY and Mr. M CGOV-
ERN. H.R. 3380: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY and Ms. L EE. H.R. 3394: Ms. P
INGREE and Ms. D EGETTE . H.R. 3395: Mr. Z
ELDIN , Mr. I SSA, Mr. C OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. B RADY of Penn- sylvania, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, and Mr. H
UNTER . H.R. 3403: Ms. N
ORTON . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE7.091 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7315 September 12, 2017 
H.R. 3409: Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. H UIZENGA , and Mr. U
PTON . H.R. 3441: Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH , Mr. P ALMER , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. P
ETERSON , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, Mr. G
ALLAGHER , Mr. F LORES , and Mr. W
OMACK . H.R. 3497: Mrs. D
INGELL , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mr. K
INGof Iowa, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. J ONES , Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. W IL-
SON of South Carolina, and Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 3513: Ms. S
LAUGHTER and Mr. W ELCH . H.R. 3549: Mr. W
ITTMAN . H.R. 3570: Mr. A
DERHOLT . H.R. 3591: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 3640: Mr. B
IGGS. H.R. 3666: Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H.R. 3673: Mr. L
AMALFA . H.R. 3674: Mr. L
OBIONDO . H.R. 3688: Mr. BACON and Mr. B LUM. H.R. 3697: Mr. Z
ELDIN and Mr. A RRINGTON . H.R. 3699: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 3710: Mr. S
ERRANO and Ms. S LAUGH -
TER. H.R. 3731: Mr. K
INGof New York. H.J. Res. 48: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H. Con. Res. 51: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H. Res. 31: Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut. H. Res. 161: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Ms. M
OORE , Mr. M OULTON , and Mr. L OEBSACK . H. Res. 220: Mr. C
APUANO . H. Res. 443: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER and Mr. P
OCAN . H. Res. 466: Ms. T
ITUS, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. S
MITH of Washington, and Mr. L ANCE . H. Res. 467: Mr. C
APUANO . H. Res. 495: Mr. G
RIJALVA , Ms. P INGREE , Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, and Mr. M
CGOVERN . H. Res. 505: Mr. GOMEZ , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. W
ALZ, and Mr. P OEof Texas. H. Res. 507: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BY MR. GOODLATTE  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Judiciary in H.R. 3697 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff bene-fits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE7.088 H12SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S5191 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 2017 No. 147 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable B
EN S
ASSE, a Senator from the State of Ne-braska. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Infinite Father, thank You for Your providential care. You lead us as a great shepherd beside still waters. You restore our souls. Fill our lawmakers with optimism and hope as they remember that all things are possible to those who be-lieve. With confidence in Your strength, may they face the future unafraid. Lord, help them to overcome every obstacle that would discourage them. May they cast their cares on You, remembering that You will keep them from stumbling or slipping. Lord, lead us all to undergo all nec-essary discipline, diligence, and sac-rifice, to do Your will on Earth even as it is done in Heaven. We pray in Your powerful Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, September 12, 2017. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable B
ENSASSE, a Senator from the State of Nebraska, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. SASSE thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BILL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, this week we will work toward passing one of the most important bills we consider each year, the National Defense Au-thorization Act. This is the legislation that authorizes the resources, the ca-pabilities, and the pay and benefits that our men and women in uniform need to perform their missions. This bill is always important, but it is espe-cially important in light of the many security threats we face around the globe. Consider Iran. We have seen the re-gime work aggressively to dominate its neighbors and to expand its sphere of influence across the Persian Gulf and the broader Middle East. Consider North Korea. We have watched Pyongyang become ever more determined to develop its nuclear weapons capabilities, as well as a means to deliver them. Consider Russia. We have witnessed the Kremlin continue its efforts to un-dermine NATO and the Western na-tions it views as threats to its own power. Consider China. We have looked on as the nation has grown in regional and economic strength, making clear its intent to displace U.S. influence so that it can dominate the Asia Pacific on its own. These are state actors, and the chal-lenges they pose include the employ-ment of asymmetric means like propa-ganda, coercion, cyber attacks, and es-pionage, but these are not the only threats to our Nation. Consider how groups like ISIL, Al Qaeda, and other affiliated terror organizations have continued to threaten the United States and other nations. Consider how they continue to plot to strike our homeland and those of our allies. Unfortunately, the Obama adminis-tration too often failed to mitigate these kinds of threats, instead pushing a foreign policy marked by a drawdown of our conventional military posture, a heavy reliance on international organi-zations, and overreliance on special op-erations forces to train and equip part-ner units in other nations. This draw-down and the harmful consequences of sequestration have inflicted upon our forces a genuine readiness crisis. Our force structure simply is not sufficient to address the challenges I mentioned in either a comprehensive or respon-sible way. We need to correct this. That means equipping our servicemembers with the resources and training necessary to sufficiently address these myriad threats. I was pleased that this spring’s government funding bill made an im-portant downpayment toward rebuild-ing our forces, but more work remains. Fortunately, we can add to that progress with this year’s Defense au-thorization legislation. The bill before us will allow our Nation to start re-building our military and restoring combat readiness. It will aid in rooting out waste and bringing reform to the Pentagon. It will help improve our mis-sile defense and help us better prepare for cyber threats, and it will go a long way toward reviving troop morale, au-thorizing a well-deserved pay raise to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:47 Sep 12, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.000 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5192 September 12, 2017 
our men and women in uniform, along with continuing the benefits that they and their families rely on. As Senator M
CCAIN, the chairman of the committee put it, not only does this legislation ‘‘[build] upon the sweeping reforms that Congress has passed in recent years’’ but ‘‘[b]y con-tinuing important efforts to reorganize the Department of Defense, spur inno-vation in defense technology, and im-prove defense acquisitions and business operations, the NDAA seeks to strengthen accountability and stream-line the process of getting our warfighters the equipment, training, and resources they need to succeed.’’ Senator R
EED, the top Democrat on that committee, said that the NDAA ‘‘invests in much needed readiness to allow our fighting men and women to be properly trained and equipped for a wide range of threats.’’ ‘‘I salute Chairman M
CCAIN’s leader-ship,’’ Senator R
EEDadded, ‘‘in main-taining the Committee’s tradition of bipartisan cooperation and support of our Armed Forces.’’ Let me echo that sentiment. This good bill has already earned the bipar-tisan support of every single member of the Armed Services Committee—every single member, Democrat and Repub-lican. They reported it out unani-mously. I appreciate the committee’s work on this year’s Defense authoriza-tion bill, as well as the ceaseless ef-forts of Chairman M
CCAINand Ranking Member R
EED. With their continued leadership and a little hard work from both sides, we can pass the Defense au-thorization bill this week. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018—MOTION TO PROCEED The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will resume consideration of the motion to proceed to H.R. 2810, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 175, H.R. 2810, a bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. DACA  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, it was 1 week ago when President Trump and Attorney General Sessions announced that they were going to rescind the DACA Program. This is a program cre-ated by President Obama by Executive order that allowed those who had come to the United States as children to have an opportunity to be given 2 years on a renewable basis where they would not be subject to deportation and could work. These young people are known as the Dreamers, a term that came about when I introduced the bill 16 years ago called the DREAM Act. These are young people who, frankly, are just asking for a chance, an opportunity to be part of the only country they have ever known. The laws of the United States are very tough and very strict, and they say that, if you are undocumented, in their situation, you have to leave America for 10 years and then petition to come back in. That is why I intro-duced the DREAM Act. So these young people who were brought to this coun-try by their parents would have a chance. President Obama used his authority in an Executive order to allow them to apply for DACA protection. They had to pay a substantial filing fee and sub-mit themselves to a criminal back-ground check before they would be al-lowed to stay. So 780,000 young people did just that, and they are protected currently, but only for a few more months, under this DACA provision. What is going to happen to them, we don’t know. The only thing that makes any sense at this point is for Congress to act, for us to do something to re-place the DACA Program, which the President is going to rescind, with a law—a law that establishes clearly the requirements, as well as the rights, that will be given to these individuals under the law. That is why I have introduced the Dream Act with my cosponsor L
INDSEY  G
RAHAM , a Republican of South Caro-lina. There are three other Republican cosponsors at this point, and we hope to move this forward. President Trump has said he is inter-ested in working with us, and we are going to take him at his word. Despite rescinding DACA, I hope the President will be on our side to come up with a replacement that is fair. Also, I want to address many of the myths that have come up about DACA, as well as the Dream Act. I am going to quote an unusual source for this Sen-ator. The source is a man named David Bier. David is an immigration policy analyst at the Cato Institute. Those of us who live in this Washington envi-ronment of politics know that the Cato Institute is not a liberal think tank. It is the opposite. It is a conservative, largely Republican think tank, and Mr. Bier has published an article that has been seen in the Washington Post, in the Chicago Tribune, and in other pa-pers entitled the ‘‘Five myths about DACA.’’ Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the RECORD the Washington Post article entitled ‘‘Five myths about DACA.’’ There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Washington Post, Sept. 7, 2017] F
IVEMYTHS ABOUT DACA (By David Bier) The Trump administration’s move to re-scind the Deferred Action for Childhood Ar-rivals program, or DACA, has created an un-certain future for the 800,000 young unau-thorized immigrants who had been granted protection from deportation and permission to work legally. A six-month delay provides a chance for Congress to save the 2012 pro-gram. But if we’re going to debate the merits of DACA, we should know what we’re talking about. Here are some common myths. 
MYTH NO . 1 DACA incentivized an increase in illegal immigration. House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte (R–Va.) is among those who support ending DACA because it has ‘‘encouraged more illegal immigration and contributed to the surge of unaccom-panied minors and families seeking to enter the U.S. illegally.’’ Statements like this be-tray a misunderstanding of who is eligible for deportation relief under the program. DACA applies only to immigrants who en-tered before their 16th birthdays and who have lived in the country continuously since at least June 15, 2007—more than a decade ago. No one entering now can apply. Perhaps the chairman thinks that children coming to the border are confused on this point. But the facts don’t support that view either. To begin with, the timing is wrong. According to data from the Border Patrol, the increase in migrant children in 2012—the year President Barack Obama announced DACA—occurred entirely in the months be-fore the president announced the policy. The rate of increase also remained the same in 2013 as it was in 2012. Even then, the total number of juveniles attempting to cross the border—unaccompanied and otherwise— never returned to the pre-recession levels of the mid-2000s. Another problem with the theory is that although the majority of DACA beneficiaries are of Mexican origin, the increase in chil-dren crossing the border stems from El Sal-vador, Guatemala and Honduras. These coun-tries share one common trait: much higher than average levels of violence than any-where else in North America. A careful study of this phenomenon by economist Michael Clemens found that more than anything else, a rise in homicides between 2007 and 2009 set off a chain of events that led to the rise of child migration. Regardless, overall illegal immigration is far below where it was before the United States’ last legalization program, in 1986, when each border agent caught more than 40 border crossers per month. Last year, it was fewer than two per month. DACA had no ef-fect on this trend. 
MYTH NO . 2 DACA has taken jobs from Americans. In announcing the Trump administration’s de-cision this past week, Attorney General Jeff 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:47 Sep 12, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12SE6.001 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5193 September 12, 2017 
Sessions said that DACA ‘‘denied jobs to hundreds of thousands of Americans by al-lowing those same jobs to go to illegal aliens.’’ This myth even has a name in eco-nomics: the lump of labor fallacy. It sup-poses that the number of jobs in the econ-omy is fixed, and that any increase in work-ers results in unemployment. Yet this notion is easily disproved. From 1970 to 2017, the U.S. labor force doubled. Rather than ending up with a 50 percent unemployment rate, U.S. employment doubled. If adding workers made the economy poor-er, we might expect that people would try to ‘‘free’’ themselves from competition by mov-ing to a desolate mountain and making ev-erything for themselves. That no one does so is an admission that competition is actually good. We depend on other workers, DACA re-cipients included, to buy the products and services we produce. That’s one reason ear-lier efforts to restrict immigration did not produce any wage gains. 
MYTH NO . 3 Repealing DACA would benefit taxpayers. Sessions also argued that ending DACA ‘‘pro-tects taxpayers.’’ But the opposite is true. According to the National Academy of Sciences (NAS), first-generation immigrants who enter the United States as children (in-cluding all DACA recipients) pay, on aver-age, more in taxes over their lifetimes than they receive in benefits, regardless of their education level. DACA recipients end up con-tributing more than the average, because they are not eligible for any federal means- tested welfare: cash assistance, food stamps, Medicaid, health-care tax credits or any-thing else. They also are better educated than the av-erage immigrant. Applicants must have at least a high school degree to enter the pro-gram. An additional 36 percent of DACA re-cipients who are older than 25 have a bach-elor’s degree, and an additional 32 percent are pursuing a bachelor’s degree. The NAS finds that among recent immigrants who en-tered as children, those with a high school degree are positive to the government, to the tune of $60,000 to $153,000 in net present value, meaning it’s like each immigrant cut-ting a check for that amount at the door. For those with a bachelor’s degree, it’s a net positive of $160,000 to $316,000. Each DACA permit canceled is like burning tens of thou-sands of dollars in Washington. 
MYTH NO . 4 DACA repeal protects communities from criminals. DACA repeal, the attorney gen-eral further claimed, ‘‘saves lives’’ and ‘‘pro-tects communities.’’ He implied that DACA ‘‘put our nation at risk of crime.’’ But DACA participants are not criminals. Unauthorized immigrants—the applicant pool for DACA— are much less likely to end up in prison, in-dicating lower levels of criminality. More important, to participate in DACA, appli-cants must pass a background check. They have to live here without committing a seri-ous offense. If they are arrested, DACA can be taken away even without a conviction. Only 2,139 out of almost 800,000 DACA re-cipients have lost their permits because of criminal or public safety concerns—that’s just a quarter of 1 percent. Four times as many U.S.-born Americans are in prison. About 35 times as many Americans have ended up behind bars at some point before age 34. 
MYTH NO . 5 DACA repeal is just about politics. Obama criticized the DACA move this past week as ‘‘a political decision’’ that was ‘‘not required legally.’’ But legal issues certainly factored into the Trump administration’s calculation. The timing coincided with a deadline that several states imposed on the administra-tion, stating that if the president did not wind down DACA by Sept. 5, they would sue. If President Trump wanted to end DACA for political reasons, he could have done so on his first day in office. Obama should know that defending DACA legally could be difficult. After all, when he attempted to implement a similar but much broader program in 2015 for undocumented parents of U.S. citizens, courts shut him down. Obama implemented DACA without going through Congress, and although some legal scholars dispute whether it faces the same legal issues as the 2015 program, the Trump administration would have con-fronted a real possibility of defeat had it chosen to defend DACA in court. The correct response, however—for eco-nomic reasons and security reasons, but above all for moral reasons—would have been to actively push for Congress to enact the program, not to announce its demise and leave the chips to fall where they may. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, in this article, he spells out in some detail why some of the myths that were per-petrated by Attorney General Sessions and others last week need to be ex-plained. One of them is that DACA somehow incentivized an increase in il-legal immigration. Mr. Bier makes it clear that, when it comes down to it, you cannot arrive in the United States today and expect to be protected by DACA tomorrow. In fact, you have to have arrived in the United States at least by June 15 of 2007, more than a decade ago. So to argue that DACA was an incentive for more immigration in this country is just plain wrong. What about those kids who showed up on the borders years ago, thousands of them? Well, it turns out that they weren’t eligible for DACA or the Dream Act, and it also turns out that most of them were not from Mexico but from parts of Central America, which has been devastated by crime waves and gang activity. The second myth that Mr. Bier ad-dresses is that these DACA recipients— 780,000—are taking jobs away from Americans. What he points out is that, if you start with the premise that we have a static amount of jobs in this country—what he calls a ‘‘lump of labor fallacy’’—then, it is dog-eat-dog to fight for those jobs. It turns out that we have an expand-ing economy, and he proves it by giv-ing us a statistic. Between 1970 and 2017, the U.S. labor force doubled. So rather than ending up with a 50-percent unemployment rate, our U.S. employ-ment doubled. It is an expanding and dynamic economy. The case can be made effectively that the DACA recipients are people who can add to the economy. All of them have to have the equivalent or a high school education. Many of them—large percentages of them—have college de-grees and even more. So they can bring a lot to the economy. The other point or the other myth that Mr. Bier addresses is whether re-pealing DACA would benefit taxpayers. The point he makes is that these DACA recipients are paying taxes in the jobs they are working and, by and large, are ineligible for any Federal programs or any Federal assistance. So they are a net gain in terms of our Treasury and in terms of what they can do. For example, if you are protected by DACA today on a 2-year renewable basis, you do not qualify for a Pell grant to go to college. You don’t qual-ify for a Federal Government loan. You have to find out how you are going to do it some other way. So these young people who are working and paying taxes are not drawing from any of the government programs that other peo-ple their age draw from. There is also this argument that DACA somehow is going to make America less safe and that there will be more criminals. Don’t forget what I said earlier. To qualify for DACA, you have to submit yourself to a criminal background check. The likelihood of the next crime being committed by a DACA recipient is very narrow. The likelihood that it is committed by someone who is already an American citizen is much more likely. Finally, there is the argument that DACA is just about politics. Well, it can be about politics, unless we do our job in Congress. We are supposed to pass the laws. The President has chal-lenged us to pass a law that will help deal with DACA. We have, I think, an awesome responsibility to do just that. I was at Loyola University’s medical school on Friday and met several of the DACA students who are in medical school at Loyola. They are extraor-dinarily bright individuals who com-peted and were accepted at Loyola’s medical school. Now they have a pro-gram. As they complete the 4 years of medical school at Loyola, they want to apply for residencies so they can spe-cialize. If you are going to be a resi-dent, you had better be prepared to work. If you don’t have DACA protec-tion, you can’t legally work in the United States. Thirty-two aspiring, really bright, young medical students soon to be doctors will be stopped in their tracks if we don’t replace DACA because they cannot apply for resi-dency because they cannot legally work in America without DACA pro-tection or something like it. Would we be better off in America if those 32 individuals did not become doctors? Of course not. We want them to become doctors. In Illinois, the State is helping to pay for their edu-cation with the promise that they will practice medicine in an underserved area of our State. I am from downstate Illinois, small-town Illinois, and I will tell you that we desperately need more doctors, not just in individual towns but at the hospitals that serve those towns. If these 32 can help us reach those goals, we are going to have bet-ter medical care across our State, but that depends on Congress and Congress meeting its responsibility. I have come to the floor of the Sen-ate over 100 times now to tell the sto-ries of individuals who are affected by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:47 Sep 12, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.001 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5194 September 12, 2017 
DACA and the Dream Act, and I want to do that again today. I found that speeches are great and statistics are fine, but when you hear the stories about these individuals—who they are, what they have done, and what they as-pire to do—you can understand the context of this important national de-bate. The person I want to introduce today in the Senate is this young lady, Cristina Velasquez. She was brought to the United States at the age of 6 from Caracas, Venezuela. She went to ele-mentary school in Madison, WI. She wrote me a letter. Cristina wrote the following: 
I spent my formative childhood years in the Midwest where I learned to assimilate and learned the values this country was founded on. The salt-of-the-Earth quality of people around me and extraordinary kind-ness between strangers shaped my own val-ues and attitude toward others. Growing up in Madison taught me a great deal about compassion, patience, and hard work. 
Cristina was an outstanding student. In high school she was a member of the National Honor Society. She was elect-ed vice president of her class, and she managed the track team. She found time to volunteer at a local summer camp for pre-K students. She graduated from the Honors College at Miami Dade College. She is currently a student at Georgetown University, majoring in international law, institutions, and ethics. She has received the President’s Volunteer Service Award 2 years in a row and is a Walsh Scholar. As a grad-uate of Georgetown, I can tell you no-body ever named me a Walsh Scholar. This young lady obviously is very tal-ented. During her time at Georgetown, Cristina has interned in the House of Representatives and has piloted a col-lege mentorship program at a local high school. In addition, she also has found time to have two part-time jobs. She has to. You see, as a person who is protected by DACA and undocumented, she doesn’t qualify for government as-sistance to go to college—certainly not at the Federal level. So these students have to work extra hard to stay in school. She has dedicated two of her under-graduate summers and a full school year volunteering to teach in Miami and in San Francisco. In both of these cities, she worked with high-achieving, low-income students trying to get them into college. You see, Cristina’s dream ultimately is to be a teacher. Last week in my office, Cristina joined 15 other students from George-town who came in as we were debating DACA and the Dream Act on the floor. I am sure they wanted to hear my speech on the floor but, just to make sure, we bought a dozen pizzas and the crew seemed to be pretty happy with that decision. It was an impressive group of students. Every one of them was a DACA recipient. These young people have so much po-tential, but they are worried. They don’t know what their future will be with the decision made last week by the Trump administration to repeal DACA. Congress hasn’t acted to pass the Dream Act, and we should. As for Cristina Velasquez, she will graduate from Georgetown in Decem-ber. She has been accepted into Teach for America. Most of us know that or-ganization well, but for the record, it is a national nonprofit organization that places the most talented recent college graduates in challenging school dis-tricts in urban and rural areas where they have a shortage of teachers. Teach for America has 190 teachers working in these challenging districts who are currently DACA Dreamers. They are teaching kids all across America. What does it say about us? What does it say to their students if these Teach for America Dreamers are invited to leave the country? That is exactly what Mr. Steve Bannon said on 60 Min-utes on Sunday when he came out against our efforts to pass the Dream Act. He wants Cristina Velasquez gone. He thinks America is a better place if she is gone. I think he is wrong, and I think most reasonable people would agree. Cristina is going to start the pro-gram, Teach for America, next summer and teach next fall, but without DACA or the Dream Act, Cristina and 190 other Teach for America teachers will be forced to drop out and leave their students behind. Instead, many would have them de-ported back to countries they have never known, saying they are not part of the United States and they don’t have anything to offer us. Will America be a stronger country if we deport Cristina or if she stays here to teach children in challenging districts? I think the answer is clear to any rea-sonable person. When we introduced the Dream Act, Senator L
INDSEY GRAHAM and I—a Re-publican of South Carolina and a Dem-ocrat of Illinois—cosponsored the measure. We gave a press conference. Senator G
RAHAM said: The moment of reckoning is coming. Well, that mo-ment has arrived. Republican leaders in Congress need to help us to pass the Dream Act once and for all and make it the law of the land. We need to bear responsibility for these hundreds of thousands who can make America a better country. They show with their lives that the promise of America is still very much alive. As for this Senator, I have been at this for a long time. I am going to see it to the finish line. I still have that dream of the day when President Trump signs the Dream Act into law in the Oval Office. It will be a great day, particularly for this country to recog-nize that these young people offer spe-cial talents and a special commitment to the future of America, which we des-perately need. I yield the floor. RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
THANKING THE SENATOR FROM ILLINOIS  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, once again I want to thank my colleague from Illinois for both his passion and his intelligence in terms of his ap-proach to the Dream Act. We are get-ting closer to getting this done. It is hardly done yet, but without the Sen-ator from Illinois, we would not be as close to ‘‘as close,’’ so to speak, as we are today. 
HURRICANE IRMA  
Now, Mr. President, I want to first start off by saying that I hope that ev-eryone in Florida, Georgia, and South Carolina is staying safe as Hurricane Irma continues up the coast. Reports indicate that as many as 9 million Flo-ridians have gone without power dur-ing the storm. Large parts of Miami and Jacksonville are under water. The Florida Keys have taken a particular beating. I saw the pictures on TV this morning. As with Hurricane Harvey, the road to recovery will be long. As I said yes-terday, I am ready to work with the administration and my Republican col-leagues, when the time comes, to pass an aid package for the States dealing with Hurricane Irma. 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BILL  
Mr. President, as discussions con-tinue on NDAA, I would highlight a few amendments that are important to the Democratic side. We will be offering two amendments as part of our Better Deal agenda, including a ‘‘Buy Amer-ican’’ provision and an amendment that would drastically cut down on outsourcing. For too long, loopholes in our ‘‘Buy American’’ rules have allowed Federal agencies to waive ‘‘Buy American’’ re-quirements and skirt the spirit of the law. A single loophole—the overseas exemption, which allows a Federal agency to waive ‘‘Buy American’’ rules if the product is intended for use over-seas—accounts for 65 percent of the ex-emptions that the Department of De-fense issues in a given year. Senator B
ALDWIN has an amendment that would eliminate these loopholes and ensure that taxpayer dollars are spent by Federal agencies to purchase products that are made here in the United States. My friend Senator S
TABENOW has been a leading voice on this issue as well. She has an amendment that would also roll back the overseas ex-emption by requiring the DOD to iden-tify and give consideration to domesti-cally sourced items before soliciting any offers for anything that is not ‘‘Buy American’’ compliant. Right now, there are also several American companies with records of outsourcing American jobs that are re-ceiving defense contracts, and compa-nies receive a tax credit for outsourc-ing expenses rather than incentives to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:47 Sep 12, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12SE6.008 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5195 September 12, 2017 
bring jobs back to the United States. We should put a stop to both, and Sen-ator D
ONNELLY ’s amendment will do that. His amendment will give a tax credit of up to 20 percent for expenses that companies incur to bring jobs back to our shores. Another critical amendment is a bi-partisan amendment offered by Sen-ators G
RAHAM and K LOBUCHAR on the issue of election security. The con-sensus of 17 U.S. intelligence agencies was that Russia, a foreign adversary, interfered in our elections. Make no mistake—their success in 2016 will en-courage them to try again. We have State elections in a couple of months, and the 2018 election is a little more than a year away. We must improve our defenses now to ensure that we are prepared. The Graham-Klobuchar amendment would greatly strengthen our defenses, helping to prepare States for the inevitable cyber attacks that threaten the integrity of our elections. We should pass it as part of the NDAA. As Chairman M
CCAINand Ranking Member R
EEDcontinue discussions on this bill—and I know their relationship is a good and strong one—I hope they strongly consider the inclusion of these three critical amendments. 
ELECTION INTEGRITY COMMISSION  
Mr. President, speaking of elections, a word on President Trump’s Election Integrity Commission, which is meet-ing with the public for the first time today in New Hampshire. I have three points. First, I would like to dispel the idea that this Commission has anything to do with election integrity. It was borne out of the President’s baseless claim that 3 to 5 million people voted ille-gally in the 2016 elections. That is just not true. The Commission will never find evidence to support that claim. Second, the public officials on this Commission must stop making simi-larly outrageous claims about voter fraud in elections. Recently, the Com-mission’s Vice Chair, Kris Kobach, claimed that the New Hampshire Sen-ate election could have been swung by illegal votes because they found a num-ber of voters who had out-of-State li-censes. Of course, there are several rea-sonable, legal, legitimate reasons as to why someone would vote in a State while having a license from a different State. Most likely, if you live at a col-lege in New Hampshire but come from out of State, your car has an out-of- State license plate. By State law, if you are registered at a New Hampshire college, it is perfectly legal to vote there. We all know that the States set these laws. In fact, when the Washington Post tried to identify some of these voters, the first four they randomly called were all college students who lived in New Hampshire but who went to school elsewhere. Yet this Commission and, I would say, particularly its Vice Chair, Mr. Kobach, are so eager to prove their point—which is virtually unprovable— that there is a huge amount of voter fraud that they come up with these baseless claims and then have to back off. Throwing these kinds of deeply misleading, bogus claims around about stolen elections and massive voter fraud without there being any actual evidence is extremely irresponsible and damaging to our democracy. They are so eager to prove their point about voter fraud, which is demonstrably false, that they are resorting to these crazy claims, discrediting their Com-mission and discrediting themselves. Lastly, a broader point. The Election Integrity Commission is a punishment in search of a transgression that never happened, which shows that it likely has an ulterior motive. Voter fraud is extremely rare. A com-prehensive study by the Washington Post in 2014 concluded that out of over 1 billion ballots cast between 2000 and 2014, there were only 31 credible in-stances of voter fraud, and even some of those were debatable, according to the study. The Brennan Center for Jus-tice concluded that an American has a better chance of being struck by light-ening than impersonating another voter at the polls. So why the need for a Presidential advisory commission? Because the real target of the Election Integrity Com-mission is not voter fraud but voter suppression, especially the suppression of African-American voters, poor vot-ers, elderly voters, and Latino voters. Just like the campaigns for outrageous voter ID laws in State after State— many have been thrown out by the courts for being blatantly discrimina-tory—the Election Integrity Commis-sion seems focused on throwing up bar-riers to voting through intimidation, misleading claims, and controversial tactics, like the widespread collection of sensitive, personal voter informa-tion. I think what this Commission is try-ing to do flies in the face of what the country is all about. We want everyone to vote. We do not want to scare peo-ple, intimidate people, or make it hard-er for people to vote. If there were overwhelming evidence of fraud, obvi-ously we would need to do something, but there is not. As I said, it is a solu-tion—a nasty solution—in search of a problem. The Election Integrity Com-mission ought to be disbanded, and we will be looking for ways to do that leg-islatively. The real threat to election integrity comes not from voter fraud but from foreign meddling and cyber attacks. We should pass the Graham-Klobuchar amendment rather than continue with the nonsense of this Commission. Moreover, with voter participation rates being so low, we should be spend-ing our time and energy encouraging more Americans to exercise their fun-damental right to vote rather than wasting taxpayer dollars for a commis-sion to solve a problem that does not exist. 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE CROHN ’S & COLITIS  
FOUNDATION  
Mr. President, before I yield the floor, today is the 50th anniversary of the founding of the Crohn’s & Colitis Foundation, which does great work in my State in combating a very debili-tating type of disease. I urge my col-leagues to join me in recognizing the accomplishments of the foundation and encouraging more research, better ac-cess to care, and improved treatments for patients with Crohn’s disease and ulcerative colitis. The New York-based Crohn’s & Coli-tis Foundation, along with its partnering chapters across the coun-try, is the largest national voluntary health group seeking the cure for Crohn’s disease and ulcerative colitis. It also works to improve the quality of life of children and adults affected by these diseases. One in every 200 Americans struggles with Crohn’s disease or ulcerative coli-tis, collectively known as inflam-matory bowel diseases, IBD. Although no cause has been identified for Crohn’s disease, recent research suggests hered-itary, genetics, and/or environmental factors contribute to the development of the disease. Further complicating matters, ulcerative colitis is the result of an abnormal response by the body’s immune system. The Crohn’s & Colitis Foundation sponsors basic and clinical research of the highest quality and offers a wide range of educational programs and sup-portive services for patients and healthcare professionals. In 2015, IBD Plexus was launched. IBD Plexus is a groundbreaking initiative that pro-vides the infrastructure and capacities to facilitate and accelerate research into the causes and treatments of Crohn’s disease and ulcerative colitis. Federal agencies, such as the Na-tional Institutes of Health through the National Institute of Diabetes and Di-gestive and Kidney Diseases, the Cen-ters for Disease Prevention and Control and Prevention, and the Department of Defense each support meaningful re-search and public health activities on Crohn’s disease and ulcerative colitis. Furthermore, the Food and Drug Ad-ministration and the Centers for Medi-care and Medicaid Services both play a significant role in approving new treat-ments and facilitating health care fi-nancing policies that impact patients with Crohn’s disease and ulcerative co-litis. I deeply appreciate the work of the Crohn’s & Colitis Foundation and its longstanding dedication to the patients it represents. They have endeavored to improve the quality of life of so many Americans, and the U.S. Senate recog-nizes the foundation’s 50th anniver-sary. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:47 Sep 12, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12SE6.002 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5196 September 12, 2017 
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
HURRICANES HARVEY AND IRMA  
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, let me say that my heart goes out to the peo-ple of America who are, right now, dealing with Hurricanes Harvey and Irma and their aftermaths. 
TRIBUTE TO STEVE GLEASON AND DONNA BRITT  
Mr. President, ALS, which I think most of us refer to as Lou Gehrig’s dis-ease, has hit us hard in Louisiana. It has hit our world hard, but it has hit especially hard in my State. A number of my colleagues and a number of Americans, I hope, were watching the night the New Orleans Saints returned to the field after our State was devastated by Hurricane Katrina. That night in the Superdome, a young man named Steve Gleason be-came a legend. I know it was just a football game, but he blocked a punt deep in the territory of the Saints’ op-ponent, the Atlanta Falcons, for a touchdown. It was more than just a touchdown; it was a declaration that Louisiana was going to come back, that our spirit was not broken. Today, Steve Gleason is battling ALS. The medical term for ALS is ‘‘amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.’’ We call it, as I said, Lou Gehrig’s disease. It is a progressive neurodegenerative disease that destroys nerve cells in the brain and in the spinal cord. Regret-tably, there is no cure. Steve, however, is determined to thrive and help others who have ALS. Within the past few weeks, we have also learned that another Louisianan has ALS—well-known Baton Rouge tel-evision news anchor Donna Britt. I will tell you, like Steve, Donna is showing true grit in the face of this horrible disease. Most of us would probably curl into a fetal position and cry if we were told we had a progressive neurodegenerative disease that is al-most always fatal—but not Steve and certainly not Ms. Donna Britt. Their valor and their courage is inspirational to me and, I think, to all Louisianans. As Donna herself put it, she is going to continue living as a living person and not as a dying person. There is a famous line in a famous movie in which the main character says: I have a choice here—it is time to get busy living or get busy dying. Donna has chosen to get busy living. She is going to keep going to work, and she is going to keep caring for her fam-ily. Donna is educating herself about ALS. She has ordered a state-of-the-art wheelchair with Bluetooth technology, and she is adding words to a voice bank for when she can no longer speak be-cause of this horrible disease. Donna Britt—I am not surprised—is deter-mined to meet every challenge. Let me say it again. This is pure valor. It is the type of courage in the face of adversity that inspires us all. It is also Donna. I do not know how to put that any other way. That is Donna Britt. Donna is a person who plays the oboe and who has survived breast can-cer. She donates books to school librar-ies, and for charity she sings outside the Walmart during the holidays. She travels the world, and she delivers the news. She is a voice of comfort to all of those in her television media market, and she loves her family. She and her husband Mark Ballard have a son and a daughter. Her daughter Annie is a sci-entist working in DNA research, and their son Louie is a bright, young stu-dent in high school. Donna has delivered the news in the Baton Rouge metropolitan area for 36 years. She spent her entire career, which is very unusual, at one tele-vision station—WAFB in Baton Rouge, which Donna has helped to make a powerhouse in Louisiana media. Donna has done her job so extraordinarily well that she has become a role model for young journalists—all journalists but particularly female journalists. I can tell my colleagues that folks in Baton Rouge feel Donna Britt is a part of their family. They trust her. That is because she is impartial, she is objec-tive, and she is insightful. Since 1981, she has been on the air with the people of the Baton Rouge metropolitan area through storms, through inaugura-tions, through just about every major news event, good times and bad, that one can imagine. Donna also takes our people into the community and intro-duces them to interesting people. A few months ago, Donna realized her health wasn’t what it should be. There is no definitive test for ALS, as perhaps my colleagues know. Basically, the doctors have to rule everything else out before determining that one has ALS. As she struggled to figure out why she was losing the use of her fin-gers and her legs, Donna didn’t keep her viewers in the dark. She brought them along for the journey in frank, candid Facebook videos. Along the way, she educated them—ever the jour-nalist—on what it is like to have a de-generative disease. At a family reunion this summer, Donna all of a sudden could not stand any longer. Now, that is a problem when you stand behind a desk to de-liver the news—not for Donna. It was just another challenge to conquer. She promptly ordered a wheelchair that would adapt to her new reality. Now Donna Britt is working with Louisiana State University to prepare for the day when her respiratory and diaphragm muscles are too weak for her to vocalize what she is thinking. With LSU’s help, she is putting words into a voice bank for the future. Once again, it is just another challenge for Donna Britt to conquer. I am very proud of Steve Gleason, and I am also very proud of Donna Britt. As angry as I am that anyone has to live with this dreadful disease ALS, I am proud they are inspiring an army of ALS sufferers by meeting every challenge and battling to thrive. I am proud that Steve and Donna are inspiring all of us with their valor and their courage. Thank you. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. F
LAKE ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
RECESS Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that the Senate stand in recess until 2:15 p.m. There being no objection, the Senate, at 12:05 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassembled when called to order by the Presiding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to consider the following nomination, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Kevin Allen Hassett, of Massachusetts, to be Chair-man of the Council of Economic Advis-ers. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, there will be 20 minutes of debate, equally divided in the usual form. The Senator from Massachusetts. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, on the campaign trail, Donald Trump prom-ised working families that he would subject every proposal he saw in the White House to a simple test: ‘‘Does it create more jobs and better wages for Americans?’’ He claimed he wasn’t ‘‘going to let Wall Street get away with murder,’’ and he said he was going to ‘‘drain the swamp.’’ Such great talk—and then he got to Washington. His first order of business was to put together a team of people who had spent decades as executives at big banks and large corporations—peo-ple who are determined to tilt the play-ing field in favor of Wall Street and against working families. You don’t need to look very far to see them. His most senior economic advisers—Treas-ury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, Na-tional Economic Council Director Gary Cohn, and the senior counselor for eco-nomic initiatives, Dina Powell—to-gether, those three have spent nearly a half a century combined working for Goldman Sachs. When it comes to our economy, this isn’t the Trump admin-istration; this is the Goldman Sachs administration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:47 Sep 12, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12SE6.004 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5197 September 12, 2017 
Now President Trump has lined up another top economic adviser, Kevin Hassett, who has been nominated to serve as the Chairman of the Presi-dent’s Council of Economic Advisers. Mr. Hassett hasn’t worked at Goldman Sachs. No, his ‘‘fresh perspective’’ is that he has spent his career advocating for policies that favor the wealthiest Americans. The Council of Economic Advisers plays a critical role in developing this country’s economic policies. It was cre-ated by Congress to, as Dr. Hassett has put it himself, give the President ‘‘un-biased, scientific, and objective advice’’ about the economic impact of the President’s policies on the American economy. They have their fingers in all sorts of policies from trade to healthcare, to taxes, to financial regu-lation. So what kind of an economy does Dr. Hassett want? He hasn’t been shy in telling us. Dr. Hassett wants an econ-omy that keeps working great for those on top, and if it leaves working families further behind, that is just too bad. Start with taxes: Dr. Hassett gets really excited about cutting taxes on giant corporations. In fact, when he was working for Mitt Romney’s Presi-dential campaign, he wrote that the new President’s top priority—the No. 1 act, the first thing he should do when he stepped into the Oval Office—was cut the corporate tax rate. His argu-ment was that if we cut taxes for big businesses, they will give those savings to their workers and be more produc-tive, improving the economy for every-one. That is just plain old trickle-down economics: Give more money to cor-porations and the wealthy, and they will surely pass it along to everyone else. It hasn’t worked so far, and it isn’t going to work in the future. Well, it isn’t going to work for anyone who isn’t already wealthy. For them, that works great. On trade, Dr. Hassett also sings the corporate tune. Dr. Hassett wants to double down on the same kind of trade agreements that enrich giant corpora-tions and leave the workers eating dirt. Dr. Hassett embraces trade deals that make it harder for small businesses to compete, trade deals that weaken pub-lic safety, and trade deals that under-cut environmental rules. Dr. Hassett’s approach really makes one wonder: Does Donald Trump not know who this guy is, or does he just not care? Either way, it is American workers who will take another punch to the gut deliv-ered by Team Trump. And how about on financial regula-tion? Nine years ago, Wall Street brought the economy to its knees and had to be bailed out to the tune of $700 billion. The crash cost millions of Americans their jobs and their homes. Congress then passed bipartisan finan-cial reforms to stop another crisis. Dr. Hassett was not enthusiastic. In public, he called those new rules ‘‘lamebrained’’ and described the legis-lation as ‘‘horrifying’’ and ‘‘the worst piece of legislation that I’ve seen in my entire life.’’ He sounded the alarm that the financial reform ‘‘needs to be re-pealed as soon as possible.’’ He has since said that he regrets his tone. Tone isn’t the problem here. The problem is what he said, not how he said it. If Dr. Hassett has his way and Wall Street reform gets repealed, the same behavior that caused the 2008 financial crisis would be unleashed again. I can-not understand how, just 9 years after the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression, Dr. Hassett would want to turn the banks loose so they have a clear shot at cheating con-sumers and building up risks that could blow up the financial system again. There is no end to Dr. Hassett’s bad judgment. He is wrong on the min-imum wage, calling the proposal to raise the minimum wage to $9 an hour ‘‘wrongheaded’’ and saying that raising the minimum wage was a ‘‘dishonest approach’’ to alleviating poverty. He is wrong on the environment. In a column, he advised President Obama to ‘‘frack away.’’ And, most of all, he is wrong about the fundamental problems in our econ-omy, calling income inequality a myth and saying it was ‘‘ludicrous’’ to be-lieve that our society is ‘‘rigged or fun-damentally unjust.’’ He sounds as if he thinks that it is just great that this economy works for those at the top and pretty much for no one else. Dr. Hassett has consistently advo-cated for the interests of corporations over working people. If he is confirmed, I am confident that he will be one more voice in the White House speaking up for the rich and the powerful. No doubt he will fit right into the Goldman Sachs administration. But Congress has a say in this. The last thing we need is another economic adviser who wants to tilt the playing field even further in favor of corporate America. I oppose this nomination, and I hope other Senators will too. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 5 minutes on the Hassett nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I rise to discuss the nomination of Kevin Hassett to be Chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers. Dr. Hassett came through the Banking Committee with a mixed vote, not so much be-cause of him and his qualifications but because of some of his past statements and because of the economic philos-ophy of the person who nominated Dr. Hassett. After meeting with him and being impressed with his integrity and open-ness, I hope he will not forget where he came from. I hope he will approach the job in a thoughtful way. I hope that he will stay grounded in sound research and that he will be transparent about his methods. I would caution him about embracing ideas about economic growth that are not supported by em-pirical evidence. I hope his new col-leagues will listen to him. For too long, our trade policy and tax policy have encouraged a corporate business model that shuts down pro-duction in Hamilton or Middletown or Mansfield or Toledo or Youngstown, gets a tax break, cashes in a tax break, then moves production overseas and then to China or Mexico, and then ships production back into the United States. Fundamentally, that has be-come the business plan of far too many companies—that sort of outsourcing. I had a long discussion with Dr. Hassett about that. As I said, I hope he remembers where he came from. He saw that happen as he was growing up, if I recall, in western Massachusetts, where production was shut down in his communities, moved overseas for pro-duction, and then the goods were made overseas, and then sent back to the United States. I am concerned about the White House in which he will work. I am con-cerned that at that White House, it often looks like a retreat for Goldman Sachs executives. The President’s tax proposal benefits the wealthiest Ameri-cans and the largest corporations. Its budget is based on GDP predictions that are unrealistic. In fact, when it came to the issue of Social Security solvency years ago, Dr. Hassett found a sustained 3-percent growth rate too op-timistic for planning purposes. That is the same rate—that same rate is what the Trump budget uses to gloss over its true costs. I plan to support Dr. Hassett. I think he is an honorable man. I disagree fun-damentally on a lot of these issues. I again implore him, as I cast my vote in support of him—because the President is entitled to an adviser and to choose within a band, of course, of support from whom he wants—but I am hope-ful, especially, that Dr. Hassett re-members what it was like when he grew up in Greenfield, MA. Greenfield is a town not much different from my hometown of Mansfield, OH, where bad tax policy and bad trade policy have dashed the dreams of far, far too many people in those communities. I count on Dr. Hassett to do the right thing. I am hopeful that he will help President Trump see what these com-munities look like, not from standing in a rally in front of thousands of peo-ple but by meeting people and individ-ually talking with them and under-standing what happens with the trade policy and the tax policy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:47 Sep 12, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12SE6.011 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5198 September 12, 2017 
More trickle-down economics, more tax cuts for the rich are not the ways to build an economy. We build an econ-omy by building from the middle class out. That means a tax system and a trade system that works for Greenfield, MA, and works for Mansfield, OH. Mr. CRAPO. Mr President, I support the nomination of Mr. Kevin Allen Hassett to serve as Chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers. His nomination received wide bipartisan support, not only in the Banking Com-mittee, but also from other esteemed members of his profession. Mr. Hassett was voted out of our committee on a voice vote with wide-spread support. We received a letter in favor of his nomination signed by a bi-partisan group of 44 economists, in-cluding 14 former Chairmen of the Council of Economic Advisers and two former Federal Reserve Chairmen. At Mr. Hassett’s confirmation hearing, he expertly fielded questions on a wide range of economic issues and provided insights on progrowth policies that would support all members of the econ-omy. In my office, we discussed at length his extensive experience in eco-nomic and tax policy modeling. Mr. Hassett brings a wealth of rel-evant experience in academia, govern-ment, and policy. His counsel, insight, and expertise will be invaluable as the administration addresses initiatives like tax reform, which undoubtedly will have a large impact on the macro economy. Thank you. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I am pleased to support the nomination of Dr. Kevin Hassett to be Chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers. Kevin is exceptionally qualified to be Chairman of the CEA, where he will play an integral role in tax reform and shaping this administration’s progrowth economic policies. I have known Kevin for quite some— beginning when he served as the chief economic adviser to my Presidential campaign in 2000. The only time I have doubted his intellect was when he agreed to return to advise for my 2008 Presidential campaign. He has an extensive economic career spanning multiple administrations, in-cluding those of Presidents Clinton and George H.W. Bush. Currently, Kevin works at the American Enterprise In-stitute, AEI, as the State Farm James Q. Wilson Chair in American Politics and Culture and director of Research for Domestic Policy. Before joining AEI, Kevin served as a senior econo-mist at the Federal Reserve and did a stint at Columbia Business School teaching economics and finance. To understand fully how smart he is, Kevin’s former colleague told me the story of how he printed out a 400-plus page technical paper at the request of Kevin, only to realize he had printed out the original German version rather than an English translation. Without batting an eye, Kevin said ‘‘no prob-lem’’ and went about reading the schol-arly report in German. Kevin’s nomination has received sup-port from an ideologically diverse group of notable economists, including past CEA Chairmen. Additionally, the Senate Banking Committee approved his nomination by voice vote. I am pleased to support Kevin’s nom-ination today. I wish him, his lovely wife, Kristie, and their sons, John and Jamie, all of the best in this new chap-ter of their lives. Mr. BROWN. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. All time has expired. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Hassett nomi-nation? Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. RUBIO). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENEN -
DEZ) and the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
OEVEN ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 81, nays 16, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 194 Ex.] YEAS—81 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Strange Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Van Hollen Warner Whitehouse Wicker Young 
NAYS—16 
Blumenthal Booker Cortez Masto Duckworth Gillibrand Harris Heinrich Hirono Markey Merkley Sanders Schatz Schumer Udall Warren Wyden NOT VOTING—3 
Menendez Nelson Rubio 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume legislative session. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018—MOTION TO PROCEED—Con-tinued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kentucky. Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, I rise today to oppose unauthorized, undeclared, and unconstitutional war. What we have today is basically unlim-ited war, anywhere, anytime, anyplace upon the globe. My amendment would sunset in 6 months the 2001 and 2002 authorizations for use of force. What does that mean? This was legislation passed many years ago to go after the people who attacked us on 9/11. I supported that battle, but I think the mission is long since over. I don’t think anyone with an ounce of intellectual honesty believes these au-thorizations from 16 years ago and 14 years ago—I don’t think anyone with intellectual honesty believes they au-thorized war in seven different coun-tries. Not only is it lives we are losing, the American soldiers, the brave young men and women who are sent to dis-tant lands and asked to give their lives for their country without the Senate taking the time to authorize the war— I think that is terribly unjust and should end. There are some who argue that we don’t even need to vote at all. Some of the Presidents, Republican and Demo-cratic, have said they have article II— this is the second article of the Con-stitution—they say that by the Con-stitution, they can do what they want, when they want, where they want, and that Congress never has to approve their authorization and never has to give authority to go to war. These ad-vocates of perpetual war argue that these powers are implicit and that no one can stop a President who wants to go to war. This is diametrically opposite of what our Founding Fathers thought. Madison in particular disagreed. Madi-son wrote that the executive branch is the branch most prone to go to war; therefore, the Constitution, with stud-ied care, vested that power in the Con-gress. Our Founding Fathers saw the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:40 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12SE6.012 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5199 September 12, 2017 
history of Europe as the perpetual his-tory of war—brothers fighting broth-ers, Kings of two different countries who were cousins, brothers, uncles, fa-thers, sons. The history of Europe was perpetual war. When we broke away, we said: We are going to have some checks and bal-ances in place. We are going to make it difficult to go to war. We are going to vest that power in the Congress. But somewhere along the way, we lost our way, and we now commit our-selves to war or one man or one woman commits us to war without any vote by Congress. This is not what our Found-ing Fathers intended. Former President Obama, when he was a candidate, wrote that no Presi-dent should unilaterally go to war un-less we were under imminent attack. That is the understanding of the Con-stitution that most originalists take. Yet, once Mr. Obama was in the White House, he bombed seven different coun-tries. He expanded the use of Executive power. He expanded the war-making power of the Presidency, even while all along saying that he was for a nar-rower interpretation. Candidate Trump said that the war in Afghanistan had lost its purpose, that it was a disaster, and that it should end. He said that on maybe 15 different occasions. Yet, now that he is in the White House, the generals have said: We must fight on. We must con-tinue to fight. If we leave, the Taliban will take over. My question is, When will the Af-ghans stand up and fight? We have spent $1 trillion helping them. We spent billions of dollars trying to con-vince them not to grow the poppy that becomes the opium that addicts the world. Yet last year Afghanistan had the biggest crop of poppy they have ever had in recent history. The people who run Afghanistan, whom we put in to govern, the Karzai family—full of drug dealers, crooks, and thieves. You wonder why they are not popular in their own country. But my question is, Where did the $1 trillion go? Why can’t they defend themselves? Why do we have to fight their wars for them? One thing is certain: The war was not authorized by you, the people, and the war was not authorized by us, the Con-gress, and therefore the war is uncon-stitutional. The war is unauthorized. You say: Well, do we ever get it right? Have we ever voted to authorize war? Yes, we have. When we went to war in Afghanistan the first time—and I would have voted yes—there was a vote, and overwhelmingly we voted to go in. Some have argued: Well, is 6 months enough time for Congress to do any-thing? Can they get anything done in 6 months? When we were attacked in Pearl Har-bor, do you know how long it took us to declare war? Twenty-four hours. When we were attacked on 9/11, how long did it take us to authorize the military force to go in? Three days. People say Congress will never get it done. Maybe it is because we are di-vided. We haven’t been attacked, we have no clear purpose in Afghanistan, and there is no clear route to victory. Real-ize that in 2011 President Obama put 100,000 troops into Afghanistan. Sure, he pushed the Taliban back. Where did they go? To our ally Pakistan, which has gotten billions and billions of dol-lars of American welfare and as we sit here is destined to get another half a million of your money in American welfare over the next month. Billions and billions of dollars we send to Paki-stan, but where does the Taliban live? In Pakistan. They run back and forth across the border. So we have to ask the question, What is our purpose? Are we nation building? We spend hundreds of billions of dollars building their roads, building their bridges, building their schools. They bomb them, we bomb them—somebody bombs them, and then we rebuild them again. We have $150 billion worth of damage in Texas. Do you know how we should pay for it? Let’s quit sending welfare to foreign countries. Let’s look at our country first, the problems we have here, rebuild our roads, our bridges, our schools, and not borrow it, not add to a $20 trillion debt. Take the money we are sending in welfare to foreign countries and let’s rebuild our own. We are at war in seven countries— none of them voted on by Congress. Is it expensive? Yes, to the tune of tril-lions of dollars. Today we will debate the issue of war and whether Congress is constitu-tionally bound to declare war. We will debate whether one generation can bind another generation to perpetual war. We are at the point where we have been in Afghanistan so long that with-in the next year, there will be people fighting who were not yet born on 9/11. This war no longer has anything to do with 9/11, no longer has anything to do with any vital interest in our country. It has to do with us believing we could reshape the world and make the world safe for democracy—everyone is going to love America, and everyone is going to become a western style democracy. Guess what? It is never going to hap-pen. Afghanistan is not even a real coun-try; it is a collection of five or six trib-al lands that were stuck together by Europeans who had no knowledge of the local people. They don’t even like each other, much less us. Do you know what they call the President, who re-sides in Kabul? They call him the mayor of Kabul derisively because he has no sway over them. They are inter-ested in who their chieftain is in their local area. They speak five different languages. They are never going to be a country. If you want to be at war there, you want to send your sons and daughters to Afghanistan, you think somehow it will make our country safer, let’s vote on it. So what I am advocating is a vote. For the first time in 16 years, I am advocating that we should vote on whether we should be at war. It should be a simple vote, but it is like pulling teeth. I have been trying very hard to get this vote for 5 years now. I am this close. I am hoping to get the vote today or tomorrow, but it isn’t easy be-cause we have been obstructing and ob-structing, and no one wants to be on the line. Yet that is why we are elect-ed—to put our names, our John Han-cock, on the line. Are you for the war or against the war? I am done. I am done. I am ready to come home. I remember my father say-ing, in 2008, in one of the Presidential debates, when they asked ‘‘How will you get the people home?’’ he said ‘‘We just marched in, and we can just march out.’’ There is no more meaning or purpose in Afghanistan. We had 100,000 troops there in 2011. All of the Taliban scur-ried into Pakistan, and as soon as the troops diminished, they went back. Some people take from that lesson— they say: We need 200,000 or we need half a million troops or we need to stay there forever and police every corner for them. I take it to mean that the governments themselves over there do not have the popular support of the people. Stand up and fight for your country. Half of the people in Afghanistan who were helping us over there came to our country. They fled. It is the same with Iraq. All of the good people in Iraq— our translators, pro-Western people— came to our country. I understand wanting to come to a good place, but it would be like having the people who signed the Declaration of Independ-ence, after they had fought the war and America had won, going back to Eng-land and saying: Oh, it is dangerous in the new country. Yet that is what we have been saying year after year, so the people who have pro-Western val-ues from Afghanistan now live in the United States and the same in Iraq. The thing is that we need to have some tough love. They need to practice some responsibility, and they need to take ownership of their country. But as long as you coddle people, as long as you give people stuff, and as long as you fight their wars for them, they are not going to step up and fight. We are going to debate whether Af-ghanistan is a winnable war. We will also debate whether war in Yemen is in our national interest. Most of America does not know that we are at war in Yemen. Most of America does not know where Yemen is. We need to know why we are there and whether it is of any value to the United States. We will debate whether our support for Saudi Arabia is exacerbating star-vation and the plague of cholera in Yemen. We will debate whether it is in our national interest to topple the Govern-ment of Syria. There are 2 million 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:40 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12SE6.015 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5200 September 12, 2017 
Christians who live in Syria. Guess what. We may not understand it, but most of those Christians support Assad. On the side of the war that we have been funding and arming with the radical Islamists from Saudi Arabia and with the radical Islamists from Qatar are the people who hate the Christians. We are fighting on the side of the people who hate the Christians in Syria. Does that make Assad a good guy? No, but the thing is that maybe sometimes there is no good person in a war, no good side to a war. For 5 years, I have been fighting to have a vote on whether we should be at war and where. I think there is no greater responsibility for a legislator than to vote on when we go to war. I tell the young soldiers whom I meet that it is my responsibility to discuss, debate, and think seriously about whether we send them to war. One of the things that is most mis-taken by politicians—even by some who are well intended—is that they think every soldier in America is jump-ing up and down to go to his eighth tour in Afghanistan. Go out and meet the soldiers. They are not allowed to be politically active, and they are not a political force on Washington, but I guarantee that if you were to ask our soldiers ‘‘Are you ready to go back for your eighth tour of Afghanistan? Do you see purpose in Afghanistan?’’ that they have lost sight of what that pur-pose is. I met a Navy SEAL about a year ago. He had been in for 19 years—a tough guy, as they all are—and he said to me: Do you know what? We can defeat any enemy. We can kill any enemy. We can succeed at almost any mission that you give us. But the mistake is when you—Congress or a President—tell us to go somewhere and plant the flag and create a country. We are just not very good at nation building. We have the world’s most elite mili-tary. We can defend our country. We can defend, without question, against all invaders. Yet we are not very good at making countries out of places that are not. What we should think about is that we have a $20 trillion debt. We borrow $1 million a minute. Even if you thought it was a good idea to try to create a country in Iraq or create a country in Afghanistan or create some sort of paradise in Yemen or Somalia or Nigeria or Libya or any of the places we are—even if you thought some para-dise was a great thing—we have no money with which to do it. We are de-stroying our country from within. We are eating out the substance of the very greatness of America by bor-rowing $1 million a minute. We are flat broke. We cannot afford to be everybody’s Uncle Sam. We cannot af-ford to be everybody’s Uncle Patsy. We cannot afford to keep exporting our money and our jobs to the rest of the world. We need to look at our country and say it is time that we did things for our country, for our people, and it is time that we quit borrowing $1 mil-lion a minute. The question is, Will the Senators— will those who gather to vote—stand for the rule of law? Will the Senators stand for congressional authority for war? Will they stand for what the Con-stitution clearly says in article I, sec-tion 8, which is that Congress, not the President, shall declare war? Will the Senators sit idly by and let the wars continue unabated and unauthorized? Some will argue that sunsetting the old authorizations is too soon, too dra-matic. Really? So 6 months and 16 years later, we have not decided wheth-er we should be at war or where we should be, and we cannot decide in 6 months? It took us 24 hours to decide with Pearl Harbor. It took us 3 days to decide with 9/11. I think 6 months is more than enough time. Will Congress do its job unless it is forced to? All history says no. Why does Congress have an 11-percent ap-proval rating from the people? Because it is not doing its job. How do we force Congress to do its job? Give it dead-lines. How can we get a deadline? Let’s pass this. Let’s let the authorizations expire. Let’s have a full-throated, deep, and heartfelt debate over whether we should be at war and where. Should we be at war in Afghanistan? Is there a winnable and foreseeable winnable fu-ture there? Should we be at war in Iraq? Syria? Yemen? Libya? Today’s vote can be seen as a proxy vote for the Constitution. Today’s vote is not really a vote for or against any particular war. Today’s vote is simply a vote on whether we will obey the Constitution. Today’s vote is a vote on whether Congress will step up and do its job. Sixteen-and-a-half years is more than enough time to determine whether the war in Afghanistan or Yemen or Libya or Somalia has pur-pose or real meaning for our national security. Often, it is said—very glibly—that, yes, it is in our national security inter-est. Realize when people tell you that they are giving you a conclusion. That is the beginning of the debate. We could debate for hours and hours. Hope-fully, we will have some of that debate, but we have to debate what is in our vital national interest. Just to say it is so does not make it so. Does anybody in America think the war in Yemen is in our vital interest? Most people do not know where Yemen is, much less think it is in our vital in-terest. Guess what. The war in Yemen may actually be opposed to our vital national interest. It may be making it worse. The war in Libya certainly did. President Obama, when he chose to act illegally and intervene in Libya, made the world less safe. It was not his intention. I will grant him that his mo-tives were to make it more safe, but he made the world less safe. Why? Because when Qadhafi was toppled, you got chaos. You have two competing govern-ments in Libya, and you have chaos. If you want to set up a terrorist camp, if you are ready to go find a good place in the world, Libya is one of the prime places to go now because the govern-ment is gone and there is chaos. So I would argue that the intervention—one of the wars that we fought illegally, without the approval of the Senate, under the unilateral action of the President—made us less safe. That is why we are supposed to debate before we go to war. We are less safe because of the Libyan war. How about the Syrian war? It is the Christians on one side and us on the other side. That is the first problem I have. The people on the side of the war that we supported are the radical Islamists. ISIS was on the side that we were supporting. In fact, one of the most famous, if not the most famous and important leaked email about Hil-lary Clinton from WikiLeaks was when Hillary Clinton sent an email to John Podesta, writing to him: Hmm, we need to exert some influence on Saudi Ara-bia and Qatar because they are giving financial and strategic assistance to ISIS. Realize that. Of the people we are selling weapons to in Saudi Arabia and Qatar—they get all of their weapons from us—guess who they are giving them to. ISIS. They were on the same side as ISIS. Let’s say you do not believe that. You say: Oh, I don’t believe that. Cer-tainly we would not have done that be-cause we would not have supported the bad people. Let’s say we just supported the so- called moderates. They are still fight-ing against the guys who are pro-tecting the Christians. What was the net effect of the Syrian civil war? Before we got involved, Assad was winning the war. Once again, like Qadhafi, he is not a great guy, but he does defend the Christians, and the Christians do support him. We turned the tide of the war by flowing in hundreds and hundreds of tons of weap-ons in 2013—us, Qatar, and Saudi Ara-bia—but these weapons went in indiscriminantly. What happened when we turned the tide of the war? Chaos in a vacuum. In that vacuum, guess who arose. ISIS. When you created chaos in Libya by fighting an unconstitutional, unau-thorized war, you got more terrorism, more chaos, and the world was a less safe place. When we got involved in Syria with-out the authorization of Congress—un-constitutional, unauthorized—what did you get? Chaos and the rise of ISIS. What do we have in Yemen right now? In Yemen, you have a Sunni- backed government in exile that is sup-ported by the Saudis, and you have these Houthi rebels who are supported by Iran. But that is not all you have in Yemen. You also have al-Qaida of the Arab Peninsula—three different groups. It is said that al-Qaida of the Arab Peninsula is actually the strong-est remaining presence of al-Qaida. Is it possible, in our supporting the Saudi 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:40 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12SE6.017 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5201 September 12, 2017 
Arabian-backed government against the Houthis, that they fight and kill each other to such a degree of chaos that al-Qaida of the Arab Peninsula fills the vacuum? If you look at Libya, that is what happened. If you look at Syria, that is what happened. What if it happens in Yemen? You have to ask, what is our vital in-terest in Yemen? Why are we in Yemen? Why are we supplying bombs to the Saudis? Is it somehow making us safer from terrorism? Are we killing them over there so they do not kill us over here? Guess what. We may be cre-ating more terrorists than we can pos-sibly kill. The Saudis bombed a funeral proces-sion of civilians. They killed 150 peo-ple, and they wounded 500. Do you think they are ever going to forget about it? That is going to be passed down through oral tradition for a thou-sand years, and they will talk about the day that the Saudis came and bombed civilians. They will also say in the next breath: Guess who gave them the bombs. The Americans. Guess who helped to guide the planes. Guess who refueled the planes in the air. The Americans refueled the Saudis the day that they came to bomb a funeral pro-cession. So, in the end, we killed 150 people. You might say: Well, they were all bad people. They were at the funeral of a bad person. Do you think that we killed 150 and that will be the end of it, or do you think that those who were wounded, who survived and went back to their villages, told every one of their neighbors and everyone in the village about the day the Saudis came with the American bombs? We have to ask ourselves, are we making things better? Is Yemen in our vital national interest? Are we making things better or are we making things worse? Is there a possibility that it will lead to such chaos that al-Qaida of the Arab Peninsula will rise up and become a real threat to us? What else is happening in Yemen? It is one of the poorest countries on the planet, as 17 million people, as we speak, live on the edge of starvation— 17 million people. They are having the largest outbreak of cholera. Where is most of this happening? Where is most of the starvation, most of the killing, and most of the cholera? It is in the areas that are being bombed by the Saudis. They have bombed the infra-structure into ruins, and there is no clean water, so cholera is spreading. War is probably the most common and most important precipitating fac-tor in humanitarian disasters. If you look at humanitarian disasters around the world, you will find that the No. 1 cause is war, and Yemen was already a poor place to begin with. You are fighting the war, and nobody asked your permission. You are fight-ing a war in Yemen through the proxy of Saudi Arabia, and no one has asked my permission. This is a grave insult to us. It is dangerous to the Treasury, but it is also your sons and daughters who are being asked to go to Yemen now. We had a manned raid in Yemen and lost one of our Navy SEALs. I have asked what we got, and they just sort of push me off and say, oh, they might tell me on another occasion. No one will tell me what we got. They claim that it was great, that it was the best stuff you could ever find, that it is going to prevent loss of life. But the thing is, we have no business in Yemen. We have not voted to go to war in Yemen. We have been at war 16 years— the longest war now—in Afghanistan. There is no purpose left. There is no fu-ture for the war in Afghanistan. Today’s vote will be remembered as the first vote—if we have it—in 16 years on whether to continue fighting everywhere, all the time, without ever having to renew the authorization of Congress. I hope Senators will think long and hard about the seven ongoing wars and, at the very least, show re-gard for our young soldiers and go on the record to uphold their oath of of-fice. Each Senator should uphold their oath of office and defend the Constitu-tion and its requirements with regard to war. I, for one, will stand with soldiers, young and brave, sent to fight in dis-tant lands in a forgotten, forever war. I will stand for the Constitution. I will stand with our Founding Fathers, who did everything possible to make the initiation of war difficult. I hope my colleagues will stand for something. I hope my colleagues will finally vote to do their constitutional duty and oversee and/or discontinue the many wars we are in. But even if my colleagues say: War, war—that is the answer—everywhere, all the time, by golly, come down and put your name on it. If you think we should be at war in Afghanistan, vote for it. If you think we should be at war in Yemen, come down to the floor and vote for it. What does everybody do? Pass the buck. Let the President do it. Let the President take the blame if things don’t go well. We should vote. So on my amendment, you will probably see that the majority will say: We don’t want any responsibility; let the Presi-dent take care of that. My vote isn’t actually directly on any of the wars, although I do oppose most of the wars we are involved in. My vote is on whether or not we should vote on whether we should be at war. So for those who oppose my vote, they oppose the Constitution. They op-pose obeying the Constitution, which says that we are supposed to vote. They are going to say: No, I refuse to vote on any of these wars. All my amendment does is to sunset an authorization that really doesn’t apply to anything we are doing at the moment, and it says that in 6 months’ time, you have to come up with an au-thority to go to war. I hope my col-leagues will stand for something. I hope they will finally vote to do their constitutional duty. It is the least we can do to honor the service of our brave young soldiers. Thank you, Mr. President. I reserve the remainder of my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
TRANGE ). The Senator from Okla-homa. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I want to discuss an amendment, and I am not sure when it will be offered—I under-stand it will be offered—and I think it is very significant. First of all, let’s keep in mind what this is all about. The NDAA is the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act. It is one that we know is going to pass. It has passed for 55 consecutive years. If something happened and it didn’t pass, the troops wouldn’t get hazard pay or flight pay, and it would really be a traumatic thing that would happen. But it is not going to happen. It is going to pass. It is the most important bill that I believe we pass every year. As I said, we have passed it for 55 con-secutive years, and it is important that we pass it right away. Sometimes it gets stalled until later in the year, but if it isn’t done by the end of December, that is when everything falls apart. So we just don’t need to do that, and I be-lieve we have the momentum to go ahead and get it done. Now, we are facing a threat. I have stood at this podium so many times now to talk about how I look back wistfully at the days of the Cold War when we had two superpowers. We knew what they had. They knew what we had. Mutually shared destruction meant something, but now it is totally different. We hear that the two biggest threats facing us right now would be North Korea and Iran. I stand on the side that it is North Korea because North Korea is run by someone with a questionable mentality, and they are developing—I have watched them over the years—the capabilities that they now have. I cer-tainly agree that Iran also is a serious threat. But the fact is that our Armed Forces are now in a condition that they have not been in for a long time. I chair the Subcommittee on Readi-ness in the Senate, and we had the vice chairs testify before us not too long ago. They testified that we are in worse shape now than we were during the hollow force of the 1970s, right after the Carter administration. Many of us remember that, and I certainly do. Our Armed Forces are smaller than in the days of the hollow force in the 1970s, and readiness in the form of per-sonnel, training, and equipment have been degraded, I think, to a breaking point. All the while, we have witnessed an uptake in the training and oper-ational accidents across the Armed Forces. While the risks posed by the readiness crisis are significant, Con-gress is already taking steps to correct the shortfalls. Every amendment considered for the NDAA should focus on increasing read-iness across our services. We owe it to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:40 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12SE6.018 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5202 September 12, 2017 
our troops and our Nation to help en-sure that levels are acceptable. That is why it is disappointing and dangerous that we are considering an amendment that would authorize a base realign-ment and closure round, better known to all of us as a BRAC round. We have had five BRAC rounds since 1989, and I am familiar with all of them. I, along with many of my colleagues in the Sen-ate Armed Services Committee, suc-cessfully have a provision that would include a prohibition against a BRAC right now. I think it is pretty obvious. Everyone knows what the threat is out there. At least those on the Armed Services Committee do. But they also know that any BRAC round that you do is going to have the effect of costing a lot of money that should be spent on readiness. No matter what a base re-alignment and closure, or BRAC, is, the amount of money that is spent when you first start is going to be very expensive. Unfortunately, an amendment is pending that would enable a new BRAC round in 2019, and, at the same time, remove—this is critical—the non-partisan commission that allows the input of both local defense commu-nities and Congress into the BRAC process. I will tell my colleagues why that is important. I remember because it was shortly after I was first elected. Prior to 1989, the Defense Department was the agency that made the decisions as to what was going to happen to our various installations around America. It was very, very political. There were rumors or some stories that they would agree for certain considerations to allow someone to continue to operate when they really shouldn’t be oper-ating. Well, the Pentagon claims that a BRAC round would save money and would allow the military to invest that money into critical readiness short-falls. It is just not true. Before the most recent BRAC round in 2005, we heard these same arguments from the Pentagon, that the BRAC would some-how save money and would allow the military to increase efficiency. With 22 major base closings and 33 realign-ments—that is what happened in 2005— the round was depicted to save, over a 20-year period, $35 billion, with costs of $21 billion. The reality is far different. The 2005 BRAC round cost taxpayers roughly $35 billion, and it is only ex-pected to save $9.9 billion over the next 20 years. Now, the other day I went back and looked up just to see what the GAO said about that. Keep in mind that it was a 2005 BRAC round, but the GAO study was actually in 2011, saying: We know what we said at that time; let’s see how they performed. So let me read right out of their re-port: The ‘‘one-time implementation costs’’—that is the cost of putting to-gether a BRAC round—‘‘grew from $21 billion originally estimated by the BRAC Commission in 2005 to about $35 billion.’’ In other words, they said it was going to cost $21 billion, and it ended up costing $35 billion. That is an increase of 67 percent. It has been that way with the other rounds too. Looking at their analysis of the value, it is very important that we un-derstand what they are saying here. The GAO said that ‘‘the 20-year net present value DOD can expect by im-plementing the 2005 BRAC rec-ommendations has decreased by 72 per-cent.’’ In other words, they were 72 percent off as to what great savings we were going to have in the future by making these closures. They went on to say that ‘‘the 20- year net present value—that is, the present value of future savings minus the present value of up-front invest-ment costs—of $35.6 billion estimated by the Commission in 2005 for this BRAC round has decreased by 72 per-cent.’’ It cannot be more specific than that, and this is the consistent pattern that we have. So, clearly, those base closure rounds cost the American taxpayers an exorbi-tant amount of money up front and take years to recoup their initial in-vestment, if they ever do. In this case, they haven’t, and they don’t expect to. With the history of previous inconsist-encies between expected and actual costs, there is no certainty that any proposed base closures or realignments would be economically viable now or at any time in the future. Now, we are at a point of uncertainty that makes it irresponsible to expend billions of dollars in downsizing our Armed Forces when we are currently facing some of the most volatile, un-predictable, and dangerous military threats that America has ever seen. Readiness can’t wait, and our enemies around the world will not. We must also consider the possibility that we will soon require the capacity that is presently considered excess if the current military threats mate-rialize in a manner that would encour-age expansion of our armed services. I think that just stands to reason. We know the threats are out there, and we know the problems are more severe than they have ever been in the history of this country. So maybe the current size of our forces would not be ade-quate. Well, it is a lot cheaper to go ahead and keep something that is al-ready there than it is to tear down something and start all over again. So, anyway, as to the early years, ev-erybody knows that the certainty is there that it will cost money in the early years. The high cost of a BRAC round would divert resources away from addressing immediate, tangible threats. Just last week, North Korea tested what is believed to be a hydrogen bomb, its most powerful nuclear weap-on tested to date, estimated at nearly seven times as powerful as the bomb detonated over Hiroshima. This came on the heels of North Korea’s first suc-cessfully tested and more powerful and far-ranging intercontinental ballistic missile, or ICBM. We are familiar with that test, which began over the sum-mer. Now, if fired on a trajectory, ex-perts believe the ICBMs that North Korea tested could have reached the United States of America. I can remember talking about this with our intelligence department years ago. At that time, we were saying that they could finally develop a bomb and a delivery system that could reach the United States of America. Well, that may be here today. If not, it is immi-nent. A BRAC round now would also short-change a response to the immediate readiness needs. Over the last 90 days, we have witnessed a spike in accidents across the military services, especially in the Navy and in some of the aviation mishaps. While these accidents are still under investigation—under investiga-tion to determine the cause—it is not hard to correlate them with the readi-ness decline. Our forces are smaller than the days of the hollow force in the 1970s. Our equipment is aging. Our base infra-structure requires critical mainte-nance and upgrades. Our Air Force is short 1,500 pilots, and 1,300 of those are fighter pilots. Only 50 percent of the Air Force squadrons are trained and ready to conduct their assigned mis-sions. The Navy is the smallest and the least ready it has been in years. It cur-rently can only meet about 40 percent of the demand for regional combat commanders. We are talking about the commanders in the field who make that assessment. We can only carry out less than 40 percent of them. More than half of Navy aircraft are grounded be-cause they are awaiting maintenance or lack necessary parts. The Marine Corps’ F/A–18s, known as the Hornets, 62 percent are broken. We don’t have that capacity. The Army has said about one-third of their brigade com-bat teams, one-fourth of their combat aviation brigades, and one-half of their division headquarters are currently ready. Speaking in January about the Army readiness, then-Vice Chief of Staff of the Army General Allyn said: 
What it comes down to . . . we will be too late to need. . . . Our soldiers will arrive too late, our units will require too much time to close the manning, training, and equipment gap . . . the end result is excessive casualties to civilians and to our forces who are already forward-stationed. 
We are talking about lives. We are talking about American lives. That is a sobering assessment, especially when considering the gravity of the threats we face around the world, including, of course, the Korean Peninsula. The NDAA’s first priority has to be to rebuild our force and improve its readiness, which is what we are in the process of doing right now, and we need to get it done. A BRAC round would di-vert vast resources away from this end for savings we would not see for dec-ades to come, if we ever did—and we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:40 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12SE6.020 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5203 September 12, 2017 
are growing, not shrinking. Now is not the time for a BRAC round. I hope my colleagues in the Senate will join me in rejecting this amend-ment. However well-intentioned, now is not the time for a shortsighted BRAC round. There are still Members—I have talked to Senators who are saying they really believe, and they have been told, that somehow we are going to have more money for readiness if we have a BRAC round. It is exactly the opposite. Again, straight from the GAO, they made the analysis of the 2005 BRAC, and said the 20-year net present value DOD can expect by implementing the 2005 BRAC recommendations has de-creased by 72 percent. It always costs a lot more on the front end and saves much less in the long run. With that, I encourage my colleagues to reject this amendment, if this amendment is indeed offered. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. J
OHNSON ). Without objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING FRANK BROYLES  
Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I rise today to pay tribute to the legendary University of Arkansas football coach, Frank Broyles, who passed away Au-gust 14 at the age of 92. He spent his life in service to the university, its stu-dent athletes, and our great State. I was fortunate to have been re-cruited by and played for Coach Broyles as an offensive tackle in the early 1970s. For a kid from Arkansas, this was a dream come true. Outside of family, the people who have had the greatest influences on my life were my coaches, teachers, pastors, friends, and certainly Coach Broyles is right at the top. He was an icon in Arkansas and a legend in collegiate athletics. As head coach of the Razorback foot-ball team from 1958 to 1976, he turned the school’s program into a national powerhouse. During his tenure, Coach Broyles led the Razorbacks to seven Southwest Conference titles, and a Football Association of America na-tional championship. Coach Broyles had tremendous charisma and had a re-markable ability to attract and de-velop talent—both players and coaches. He wasn’t afraid to seek out talent to support him, and he had an innate abil-ity to see the strengths in people. He would turn them loose to use those strengths to help the team and those individuals succeed. His recipe was to get great people around him to help the program win while helping those indi-viduals get to where they wanted to be in their own professional careers. The roster of assistants under Coach Broyles reads like a Who’s Who in NFL and college football: great coaches such as Jimmy Johnson, Barry Switzer, Johnny Majors, Joe Gibbs, Raymond Berry, and Hayden Fry—and the list goes on and on. They were once Coach Broyles’ assistants. His legacy of producing great assistant coaches is recognized in an award named in his honor to recognize college football as-sistant coaches for the work they do. Since 1996, the Broyles Award has been given annually to the top assistant coach in college football. Frank Broyles’ impact on the Univer-sity of Arkansas went well beyond the football field. He implemented his vi-sion for Arkansas athletics as the ath-letic director for more than three dec-ades, helping the university’s men’s program win 43 national championships during his tenure. When he retired from the position in 2007, he continued his devotion to the University of Ar-kansas working as a fundraiser at the Razorback Foundation. Coach Broyles used his notoriety for his most important mission, which he undertook in his later years. He be-came a passionate advocate for finding a cure for Alzheimer’s and educating Americans on caring for loved ones suf-fering from this disease when his wife Barbara lost her battle with Alz-heimer’s in 2004. He shared the experi-ence of his family as caregivers to his beloved Barbara across Arkansas and brought his story to Capitol Hill, where he encouraged lawmakers to be pas-sionate about Alzheimer’s so we can find a cure. He told Members they need to turn that compassion into passion to make a difference. Coach Broyles spent his final years showing his passion for fighting Alz-heimer’s and helping other families touched by the disease. When his fam-ily was learning the best way to care for Barbara, they found there were lim-ited resources available to caregivers looking for assistance. That is one of the reasons they created the Broyles Foundation and were inspired to share what they had learned in caring for Barbara to help other caregivers. The culmination of that effort was a book, ‘‘Coach Broyles’ Playbook for Alz-heimer’s Caregivers,’’ which has been translated into 11 languages and dis-tributed across the country. After years of advocacy on behalf of those suffering from Alzheimer’s and their families, the disease he fought so passionately to find a cure for ulti-mately took his life as well. One of the best ways we can honor Coach Broyles’ legacy is by continuing to fund re-search in search of a cure for this dev-astating disease. Coach Broyles brought the same en-ergy to fighting Alzheimer’s that he brought to college football and his work on behalf of the University of Ar-kansas on and off the field. He made a tremendous mark on the lives of so many student athletes during his years as a coach, athletic director, and all- around ambassador for the University of Arkansas and for our State. I was one of the many who learned from the example Coach Broyles set. His leadership, faith, and ability to at-tract talent and utilize it to make our State a better place has been a tremen-dous influence on me through the years. I will be forever proud to be a Razorback and to have had the oppor-tunity to play for Coach Broyles. Coach Broyles was fond of saying there are two types of people in the world: givers and takers. Live your life as a giver, not a taker. We lost a giver, but we are so much better for what he gave us. HONORING DEPUTY TIMOTHY BRADEN  
Mr. President, I would also like to pay respect to a law enforcement offi-cer in my home State of Arkansas who lost his life in the line of duty, Thurs-day, August 24, 2017. Drew County Sheriff’s Deputy Tim-othy Braden gave his life while serving and protecting the citizens of Arkan-sas. Deputy Braden was a selfless serv-ant who made a career out of helping others. He joined the Drew County sheriff’s office in February after serv-ing 3 years at the McGehee Police De-partment. He is remembered as a kind and hard- working officer who performed his job with a positive attitude. He had an ap-preciation for law enforcement and had aspirations of serving as an Arkansas State Police trooper. I am grateful for Deputy Braden’s commitment to the community. He represents the selfless service of our men and women who turn toward danger to protect commu-nities and bring criminals to justice. He showed his dedication to the com-munity in many ways, including being a former member of the Arkansas Na-tional Guard and a former Eagle Scout of the Year in his hometown, Star City. Deputy Braden’s ultimate sacrifice re-minds us all of the risks members of the law enforcement community face on a daily basis. My thoughts and prayers go out to Deputy Braden’s family, including his wife and four young children, his friends, and the law enforcement com-munity. I pray they will find comfort during such a difficult time as this. I join all Arkansans as we express our gratitude for Deputy Braden’s serv-ice and sacrifice. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to question the plan for auditing the Department of Defense. The new Chief Financial Offi-cer, Mr. David Norquist, presented a plan to the Armed Services Committee on May 9. It appears flawed, like a lot of other such plans. The Department 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:40 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12SE6.022 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5204 September 12, 2017 
may be audit ready by the September 30 deadline, but the goal—and the goal ought to be a clean opinion—isn’t in the mix. In its place, we get another lame excuse: ‘‘I recognize it will take time to go from being audited to pass-ing an audit.’’ We have heard this story over and over for 26 years. When will it come to an end? I don’t think the Pentagon has a clue if the Department is truly audit ready. Then, why is the Chief Financial Offi-cer predicting failure before the audit even starts? Doubletalk is necessary to accom-plish that goal. A monster is lurking in the weeds, and nobody wants to talk about it. It is the ‘‘deal-breakers.’’ That is a term that is often used in audit reports. They are red-flagged ac-counting issues listed in Department of Defense reports for years and years. They are prefaced by this warning: ‘‘The deal-breakers prevent clean opin-ions.’’ If Mr. Norquist wants to win this war, he had better get on top of the ‘‘deal-breakers.’’ But he ignored them in testimony, focusing instead on this apparent distraction: DOD has spent too much time ‘‘preparing for full- scope audit without starting it.’’ We need to pinpoint ‘‘vulnerabili-ties’’—those are his words, and he went on—‘‘to drive change to a clean opin-ion.’’ Suggesting that the Department of Defense lags behind on audit starts or needs more audits to spot weak-nesses seems very wrongheaded. The Department has conducted nonstop au-dits since 1991—294 financial audits, to be exact—and 90 percent were failures, but a few were full-scope audits with clean opinions. Together, the Corps of Engineers and the Military Retirement Fund earned 28 clean opinions out of 43 starts. In the case of the Corps of Engi-neers, auditors relied on unorthodox procedures known as ‘‘manual workarounds’’ or ‘‘audit trail recon-struction work.’’ Highly paid auditors scramble around searching for missing records. These procedures work on small jobs, but the point is that they are an inefficient substitute for a mod-ern accounting system. Now, I have talked about small jobs. To the contrary, on big jobs this ap-proach is a nonstarter. Yet, that is ex-actly where Mr. Norquist intends to go—the toughest, the unauditable: the Army, the Navy, the Marine Corps, the Air Force, and the rest of the Defense Department. This is where auditing hits the wall—over 200 starts without a successful finish. If these audits begin before the ac-counting house is in order, the Norquist plan may be swallowed up by the swamp. The destructive power of the deal-breakers was hammered home by the most important audit so far— the Marine Corps audit. Their impact was exposed in a first-rate report issued by the Government Account-ability Office. I spoke at length about that report on the Marines on August 4, 2015. Today, I will touch on it just briefly. This background is very, very important. Back in September 2008, the Marine Corps, the smallest of the big ones, stepped up to the plate. The Marine Corps boldly declared that it was audit ready. As a pilot project, the Marine Corps would lead the way. High hopes for a breakthrough were not to be. Ten years and five audits later, the Marine Corps is still stuck on square one. The inspector general and the Government Accountability Office determined that it was never ready for audit. It failed for the same reasons as all the other audits failed, going back to the term ‘‘deal breakers.’’ To make matters worse, there was an attempt to cover up these short-comings. Initially, a clean opinion was issued. The then-Secretary of Defense, Chuck Hagel, gave the Marine Corps an award for being the first service to earn a clean opinion. The opinion did not stand up to scrutiny. The evidence did not meet ‘‘professional auditing standards.’’ So the inspector general had to withdraw, leaving Mr. Hagel with egg all over his face. The deputy inspector general for audit was removed and reassigned, and the accounting firm involved lost the contract to Kearney & Company, where the now Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Norquist, was a partner. Without strong leadership, the Ma-rine Corps could be the Norquist tem-plate. This is where we have been be-fore: audit ready but light years away from a clean opinion. So that takes you to nowheresville. Why go there when you know what you are going to find? Although lessons were learned, the end result was mostly waste—$32 million for five premature audits. DOD is big, big business for these auditing firms, and what do we get? No clean opinion. The deal-breakers, which doomed the Marine Corps audit and all the others, are alive and well. They are still driv-ing the freight train with no fix in sight. Yet, in spite of these formidable barriers, the Marine Corps is once again shooting for the moon. It jumped out in front of all the other military services by starting a full financial audit, which the press calls a ‘‘mam-moth task.’’ Why would the outcome be any different this time around, when we just exposed within the last 2 years that what they thought was a clean audit was not such a clean audit. The government’s expert on account-ing—and I call him the expert on gov-ernment accounting because he is Comptroller General Gene Dodaro—un-derstands the dilemma. The $10 billion spent annually on fixing the account-ing system, he says, ‘‘has not yielded positive results.’’ Money is being spent in the wrong places. Mr. Dodaro won-ders if the Department of Defense has the talent to get it right, and that is his word—‘‘talent.’’ With his plan resting on shaky ground, Mr. Norquist may need to shift gears. For starters, the cost of the full financial audits, which are touted as the largest ever undertaken, could top $200 million. Spending so much money on audits doomed to failure would be a gross waste of tax dollars. Now, I am not suggesting that Mr. Norquist back off. Mr. Norquist just needs to get a handle on the root cause of the problem, and the feeder systems are that root cause. As a main source of unreliable transaction data, the feeder systems are the driver behind the deal-breakers. Fix them, and then the rest should be just a piece of cake. Department of Defense reports have repeatedly called for ‘‘testing the feed-er systems.’’ However, according to the Government Accountability Office, those tests were never, never per-formed. So the aggressive testing and aggres-sive verification of transactions are the right places to start. Senators J
OHN-
SON, ERNST , PAUL, and this Senator are sponsoring an amendment to make that happen. Once all of the tricky technical issues are ironed out and testing pro-vides confidence that the system is re-liable, the plan will gel. Audit readi-ness will be self-evident, not contrived. Full financial accounting could begin. Clean opinions should follow, and those clean opinions should be our goal. There has been 26 years of hard-core foot-dragging that shows that internal resistance to auditing the books runs very, very deep. It will take strong, confident leadership and strong deter-mination to root out that internal re-sistance to auditing the books. I am counting on Secretary Mattis and Chief Financial Officer Norquist to get the job done in the shortest time possible. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Virginia. Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I rise to speak about the pending NDAA. In par-ticular, I rise to speak about an amend-ment that has been previously dis-cussed on the floor that is being offered by the Senator from Kentucky, Mr. P
AUL, that deals with the current au-thorizations for use of military force that are justifying American military action in Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria, and numerous other countries. The authorizations that currently support military actions were passed in 2001 and 2002. About a quarter of us were here and voted on those. Three- quarters of us have joined either the Senate or the House since those au-thorizations have been voted on. What that means is that we have American troops who are deployed in harm’s way, that thousands have been killed, that thousands have their lives at risk right now, and that three-quarters of Con-gress has never voted to support the military operations that are currently underway. Many of us support them or support them with recommendations or reservations or qualifications, but three-quarters of us have never cast a vote. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:40 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12SE6.028 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5205 September 12, 2017 
These authorizations are, respec-tively, 15 and 16 years old. The author-izations have, essentially, been inter-preted in a very broad way—first, by the Bush administration; second, by the Obama administration; and now by the current Trump administration. I would argue that the current interpre-tation of the authorizations would es-sentially allow, without any approval from Congress, an American President to wage war anywhere against any ter-rorist group for however long he wants to. That was not the intention of the au-thorizations when they were originally drafted. If you were to go back and talk to those who had been here and cast their votes in 2001 and 2002, they would say that it was completely be-yond their contemplation that what they were voting for then, which was going after those who had attacked the Pentagon—9/11 was yesterday—and the World Trade Center, would 16 years later still be used to support military action in a total of 14 countries in 35 separate instances having been de-clared by the last three administra-tions. Senator P
AULhas an amendment on the table, and the amendment is this: to sunset the 2001 and 2002 authoriza-tions in 6 months as a mechanism for forcing Congress to finally do the job of having a debate and defining the legal authority of the military mission that we are currently engaged in and put-ting a senatorial and congressional thumbprint on the mission so that those who are risking their lives know that they are doing so with a political consensus by the American political leadership here in Congress. I am sup-porting Senator P
AUL’s amendment. I think it is way past time for Con-gress to take this up and for everybody to be on the record. I think that our al-lies need to know whether Congress supports the American military mis-sions that are currently underway. I think that our adversary needs to know that there is a congressional re-solve, not just an Executive resolve. Most importantly, I think that the American troops who are deployed in harm’s way every day deserve an an-swer to the question of whether Con-gress is behind them. I came to Congress being very fo-cused on this and to the Senate in Jan-uary of 2013. I gave my first speech about it on the floor in the summer of 2013, when President Obama expanded the military action against al-Qaida to also incorporate military action against ISIS, which did not form until 2 years after the 9/11 attack. I filed my first military authorization, seeking to get Congress on board and to send to the troops the message that we sup-ported them. That was now almost 3 years ago. I was once able to get a vote on an authorization in the Foreign Re-lations Committee. It passed out of committee but died for lack of any ac-tion on the floor. Since 2015, out of a thought that we should try to be at least as bipartisan as we could in putting support behind the troops and carrying out our article I responsibilities, Senator JEFFFLAKE  of Arizona and I have worked together, first, in introducing in 2015—and then in reintroducing this year—an author-ization for use of military force. We have a pending authorization that we filed in June, which has been pending in the Foreign Relations Committee, to set forth a military authorization with certain conditions to undertake and le-gally justify military action against al-Qaida, ISIS, and the Taliban. That has been pending in the Foreign Rela-tions Committee, but there has been no particular motive or forcing mecha-nism that has made the committee take this up, bat it around, hear from experts, debate it, amend it, and send it to the floor. I think, of all of the powers that Con-gress has, the one that we should most jealously guard is the power to declare war. James Madison was the drafter of the Constitution, and he gathered great ideas from others. The 230th an-niversary of the drafting of the Con-stitution is this Sunday, September 17—Constitution Day in Philadelphia. The Constitution was a great collec-tion of wonderful ideas, many that had been tried out in other nations, but the genius of it was the way in which we got the best of the best and tried to put them together in the document. It has been said by many historians that there were only about two items in the Constitution circa 1787 that were truly unique and that we were doing for the first time. One was the protec-tion of the ability of the people to wor-ship as they pleased without preference or punishment, which had been drawn from a statute that had been passed in Virginia in 1780, the Statute for Reli-gious Freedom. The second idea that was very unique to our country and was, really, an effort by the Framers of our Constitution to change the course of human history was the idea that war should only be initiated by Congress and not by the Executive. The Framers of the Constitution knew in 1787 about Executives and Ex-ecutive overreach, especially in mat-ters of war. They knew Kings, Emper-ors, Monarchs, Sultans, and Popes, and they knew that that was how war started. Madison decided that we were going to do it differently, and the Framers and those who voted in Phila-delphia agreed with him. The Constitu-tional Convention’s minutes that were taken by Madison and others dem-onstrated what they were trying to do. Madison explained it in a letter to President Jefferson about 10 years later, when Jefferson was grappling with questions of war. Madison wrote in the letter that our Constitution sup-poses what the history of all govern-ments demonstrate—that it is the Ex-ecutive that is most interested in war and, thus, is most prone to war. For this reason, we have, with studied care, placed the question of war in the legis-lature. Madison was trying to change it so that war could not be initiated with-out a vote of Congress. In my view—and I was tough on a President of my own party about this— when President Obama decided to ini-tiate offensive military action against ISIS in August of 2014, I said: You must come to Congress. When President Trump used military might—in this in-stance, weapons against Syria—to un-dertake the laudable step of punishing the use of chemical weapons against ci-vilians, I said: I will support you with a vote, but you cannot do that without Congress. That is because there is nothing in the authorizations that are currently pending that allow the United States to take military action against the Government of Syria. Yet we have gotten so sloppy about this. Frankly, we have been sloppy about it just about since 1787. If I can be blunt, throughout our history, re-gardless of party—Whig or Federalist, Democrat or Republican—Members of Congress have often concluded that a war vote is a very difficult vote and that, if we could allow the President to initiate it without a vote, we might be politically insulated from the con-sequences of the vote. That has been a uniform trend, and it has been a non-partisan one. That is one of the reasons that we are where we are right now in Congress’s being reluctant to take up war votes. These are difficult votes. I have been on the Foreign Relations Committee since January 2013 and have cast two votes for military action— first, against Syria for using chemical weapons in the summer of 2013 and, second, in the matter that I mentioned earlier in voting for a war authoriza-tion against ISIS in December of 2014. I will say that there is no vote that you will ever cast that is harder. I come from a State with a great military tradition. More people in Vir-ginia are connected to the military— either as Active Duty, veteran, Guard, Reserve, DOD civilian or military con-tractor or military family—than in any other State. One of my children is a Marine infantry commander. Any war vote—if not immediately, then pro-spectively—affects him and the people whom he works with and cares deeply about. These are very, very hard votes. They are supposed to be hard, but that is no reason to duck them. Congress is sup-posed to take this up, not hand any President of any party a carte blanche to go to war without a vote of Con-gress. Even against bad guys like ISIS or even against a Syrian dictator who is using chemical weapons against ci-vilians, we are not supposed to be at war without a vote of Congress. So I am here to support Senator P
AUL’s amendment, which would take these old and outdated authorizations and sunset them within 6 months. I view his amendment as being an at-tempt to force Congress to do what it should do, which is to have a debate anew after 16 years and come up with a crafted legal authority and appropriate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12SE6.029 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5206 September 12, 2017 
strategy for carrying out military ac-tions against nonstate terrorist groups. I applaud my colleague from Arizona, Senator F
LAKE , because he and I have worked together very hard on this issue. We have a matter that is pend-ing. If Senator P
AUL’s amendment passes, the result of his amendment will be that the Senate Foreign Rela-tions Committee and this body will have to grapple with what is an appro-priate authorization circa 2017 to re-place the authorizations from 2001 and 2002. We shouldn’t be afraid of that discus-sion. We should relish it and protect the power of Congress to decide when we will and will not be at war. I believe the version that Senator F
LAKE and I have introduced, that was introduced in June, is a good-faith effort to listen to all and craft a compromise going forward. I will close and say what I have said already. I think Congress should not only do this because we are constitu-tionally required to—and waging war without an authorization poses all kinds of legal challenges that I think are significant; that it is constitu-tionally required should be enough— but I actually really like the reason. I like the reason for the constitutional provision. Madison and the Framers concluded that we should not order men and women into combat, where they are risking their lives and their health, if there is not a political consensus by the elected leadership of the country that the mission is so worth it that we can fairly ask them to risk their lives. If we are afraid to cast a vote because, oh, it is too unpopular or it could be too challenging, how can we stand up and say we are going to duck that re-sponsibility when the consequence of war is that volunteers are being de-ployed and potentially injured and killed? I will close and just say it seems to me that the sacrifice of the millions who serve Active, Guard, and Reserve— of the thousands who are deployed overseas in theaters of war right now— their sacrifice should call upon us to have a debate and do the job we are supposed to do. If the Paul amendment passes, I look forward to working especially with my colleague from Arizona and my col-leagues on the Armed Services Com-mittee and colleagues on this floor to have a debate, have a vote, and send a strong message to terrorist groups, to our allies—but especially to our troops—that the article I branch of the U.S. Government has a resolve and sup-ports them. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I wish to thank the Senator from Virginia for his leadership on this issue. He has been at it a long time. The two of us have been at it for quite a while. I think this is the year. This is the time. We are well past time for an AUMF. I wish to thank the Senator from Kentucky for focusing the Senate’s at-tention on the 16-year-old authoriza-tion for use of military force. As a freshman Member of the House of Rep-resentatives, I voted in favor of the 2001 authorization on September 14, 2001—almost 16 years ago to the day— September 14, 2001. I can attest that when I voted for that law, I had no idea it would still be in effect 16 years later. Since its passage, more than 300 Members of the House who took that vote that day, on September 14, 2001— more than 300 Members of the House are no longer in office. Of the Senators who voted, only 23 remain in the Sen-ate today—23 out of 100. That comes out to about 70 percent of the Congress who has not voted to authorize force against terrorist groups abroad. It is long past time for Congress to calibrate the legal underpinning of the war against terrorism to today’s reali-ties. ISIS, for example, did not exist when the 2001 law was approved. We have learned a number of things since we voted to go to war with the per-petrators of the 9/11 attacks, and I think it is time to incorporate those lessons into a new AUMF. For example, we have learned that no administration is ever going to want to have the powers granted to it under the 2001 law curtailed. The Obama adminis-tration fought efforts to put an ISIS- specific AUMF in place, and the Trump administration has signaled it believes the 2001 authorities are adequate, and it does not plan to seek a new AUMF. We have also learned that crafting a new AUMF that garners bipartisan sup-port is an especially difficult task. I know, because we have been trying for a while. I think we can all agree, the only thing worse than having the 2001 stat-ute in place is a partisan vote on a new AUMF. Lastly, we have learned that America is strongest when we speak with one voice, which means Congress needs to have some buy-in. We have to have some skin in the game. Otherwise, we can simply blame the administration for any effort overseas. We can’t let wars against new ter-rorist groups like ISIS be waged only by the executive branch. We in Con-gress need to weigh in and we have to let our allies and our adversaries know we are serious and committed. Taking these lessons into account, I think it is imperative for any future terrorism-related AUMF to include a sunset provision that requires Congress to put its skin in the game. That way, we can avoid being put in the position we are in today—having to vote on an amendment to repeal a law that au-thorizes force against groups that are actively planning attacks against American interests. Ultimately, I cannot support my col-league’s effort to repeal the 2001 AUMF in 6 months because of the very real risk associated with repealing such a vital law before we have something to replace it with. Fortunately, I know the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee remains committed to con-sidering legislation to repeal the 2001 AUMF and to replace it. As I mentioned, the Senator from Virginia and I have introduced legisla-tion to do just that. That legislation, S.J. Res. 43, would repeal the 2001 law and authorize the use of force against al-Qaida, the Taliban, and ISIS. It would allow for greater congressional oversight of what groups can be deemed as ‘‘associated forces’’ of those organizations. It also contains a sunset provision. So I look forward to working with my colleague from Kentucky and other members of the Foreign Relations Committee to move an AUMF that can garner bipartisan support. That is the right way to do it—under regular order, moving it through the Foreign Relations Committee, and then bring-ing it here to the floor, where we can debate and we can have buy-in, and the Senate can vote on an AUMF and then the House. Then, the U.S. Govern-ment—the Congress and the executive branch—can speak with one voice. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I rise to speak in support of the National De-fense Authorization Act. The Defense bill has a long tradition of bipartisan cooperation, and I was glad to join in that tradition as part of the Armed Services Committee. As with any far-reaching legislation, there are a number of provisions in this I support and some I do not, but, on the whole, this bill is a win for national se-curity and a win for Massachusetts. Massachusetts has a lot to offer our national security. Each of our military bases is unique in making vital con-tributions to our defense. The Massa-chusetts National Guard has a proud history, dating back to 1636, and it con-tains the oldest units of the U.S. Army. Today we are proud of our military tradition, and we have a unique eco-system of universities, industries, startups, and military labs, all focused on the next-generation needs for our warfighters. Research and development is critically important to this effort. It will literally save lives. I have made research funding a major priority, and I am very pleased we have secured an additional $45 million in funding for the Army’s Basic and Applied Research accounts, for places like Natick, where researchers are doing cutting-edge work to better protect our soldiers. Overall, the bill increases funding for science and technology $250 million above the President’s budget. The bill also recognizes the critical role that MIT Lincoln Lab plays in na-tional security research, and supports the construction of a new advanced microelectronics integration facility that will begin in 2019. It also fully funds the Defense Innovation Unit Ex-perimental, or DIUx, which is doing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12SE6.030 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5207 September 12, 2017 
great work connecting DOD with inno-vative startups in Cambridge and around the country. Our military bases, which are the lifeblood of their communities in Mas-sachusetts, are also receiving much needed facility upgrades. Hanscom Air Force Base will receive $11 million to build a new gate complex that will dra-matically improve its security. Westover Air Force Base in Chicopee will receive more than $60 million to construct a new maintenance facility and build a new indoor small arms range to improve readiness. Natick Soldier Systems Center will receive $21 million to improve family housing fa-cilities, bringing our families working at Natick closer to the base. All three of my brothers served in the military, and I know the demands of the military can be hard on families and on servicemembers. I have spent a lot of time over the last 9 months working hard with both Republican and Democratic Senators to do every-thing I can to help improve the lives of our military personnel and their fami-lies. I partnered with Senator E
RNST , a Republican from Iowa, to introduce the Leadership Recognition Act, which has been incorporated into this larger De-fense bill. Our proposal ensures that our servicemembers get the pay raises they deserve. Over the last 15 years, Congress di-rected the Pentagon to raise military pay so it was more comparable to civil-ian wages, but it also gave the Presi-dent the authority to waive the re-quirement to raise military pay. Unfor-tunately, that keeps happening, and military families who are already sac-rificing so much don’t get the pay raises they are entitled to. Our new provision restricts the use of this waiver. We promised our military their regular pay raises in line with in-flation, and they ought to get those raises, period. This one is a no-brainer. I am sorry it is taking Congress so long to get it done, but we are there now. The Defense bill also includes my Service Member Debt Collection Re-form Act. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has identified how unscrupulous debt collectors often take advantage of military personnel, for example, by alleging that servicemem-bers owe disputed or imaginary debts and sometimes even by contacting a servicemember’s commanding officer to intimidate a servicemember into paying a debt they don’t owe. This is outrageous. My provision requires DOD to review and update its policies re-garding harassment of servicemembers by debt collectors. Our military personnel are also enti-tled to educational benefits that can help them earn a degree or transition to civilian life. However, too often military members don’t actually use these benefits because they can’t navi-gate a frustratingly complicated and bureaucratic application process. That is why I offered an amendment to the NDAA to make sure DOD works with the Departments of Education and Vet-erans Affairs to automate the applica-tion of student loan benefits available to military borrowers. These Depart-ments can use this information that al-ready exists in Federal databases to ex-pedite student borrower benefits for servicemembers, and there is no reason we shouldn’t just do that right away. This will make life a little easier for our vets, and it will help put many of them on the road to a better education and higher earnings for the rest of their lives. There is another problem in our mili-tary that we need to address. I was ap-palled earlier this year at reports that some male servicemembers shared nude photos of their fellow female serv-icemembers without consent, and har-assed them on a website called Marines United. The military is not immune to the rise of so-called revenge porn on-line. Make no mistake, revenge porn is sexual harassment. DOD concluded in a May 2017 report that such harassment can lead to sexual assault. Just last week, I sat with women in Massachusetts who had been sexually harassed and sexually assaulted during their time in the military. They volun-teered for the military out of a deep sense of patriotism, and now they are struggling hard to come to terms with what happened to them. Their sense of betrayal—betrayal by their fellow serv-icemembers—ran deep. Acts like these are deeply wrong, and they undermine unit cohesion and readiness. The Marine Corps and other services have taken some positive steps in response to the website scandal, but military prosecutors need the tools to combat this specific behavior. Commanders have always had the ability to prosecute disorderly conduct, but the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice does not explicitly prohibit non-consensual photo-sharing in all cases. To solve this problem, I teamed up with Senator S
ULLIVAN , a Republican from Alaska, to introduce the Pro-tecting Servicemembers Online Act. Our proposal closes the revenge porn loophole, making it unlawful under the UCMJ for military personnel to share private, intimate images without the consent of the individual depicted. It does this by balancing privacy protec-tions and survivors’ rights, and I am grateful this year’s Defense bill takes similar steps to address this revenge porn problem. There is more to do to make sure each person who signs up to serve our country is treated with dig-nity and respect, but this is a positive step. This year’s Defense bill also address-es an issue which is very personal to me—how we care for victims of ter-rorist attacks. I had been a Senator for only 3 months when the twin explo-sions went off at the Boston Marathon finish line on April 15, 2013, killing three people and wounding hundreds more. I was on a flight from Boston to DC when the bombs went off. I didn’t even leave the DC airport. I just caught the next flight back to Boston. The next day, I met with Jessica Kensky and Patrick Downes. They had been recently married. When the bombs went off, they were both seriously in-jured. Each had a leg amputated at the scene. They were rushed to separate hospitals, where they underwent more lifesaving treatments and where Jes-sica lost her other leg. When I first saw Jessica, she still had gravel and glass embedded in her skin—injuries the doctors hadn’t yet cleaned up. She was grateful to be alive, but worried about Patrick. When I first met Patrick, he had the same question: How is Jessica? The Boston hospitals at which they received emergency care are among the world’s best, and they saved many lives on that day, but those hospitals don’t specialize in the long-term recovery from such complex and serious injuries like limb amputation. For that, you need military hospitals, like Walter Reed National Military Medical Cen-ter, but right now, access to Walter Reed requires a special exemption from the Secretary of Defense. Jess and Pat-rick say they owe their recoveries to the doctors, physical therapists, and prosthetic lab technicians who treated them at Walter Reed and who have treated thousands of troops since 2001. Earlier this year, Senator COLLINS , a Republican from Maine, joined me in introducing the Jessica Kensky and Patrick Downes Act, which would allow all victims of terror attacks to receive treatment at military medical facilities if there is space available. I hope we will never see another attack like the Boston Marathon bombing, but this bill will help us be ready if it hap-pens. I am glad the Defense bill includes language to implement the policy in our bipartisan bill, and I am particu-larly thankful to Senator C
OLLINS for working with me so other victims of terrorist attacks will be able to access our world-class military medical facili-ties if they need them the way Jessica and Patrick did. The work on servicemember pay, GI student loan benefits, and help for ci-vilian victims of terror made me proud to be in the U.S. Senate. At the same time, I worked hard this year to ensure the Defense bill contains a number of provisions that will strengthen our na-tional security. Like my colleagues on the Armed Services Committee, I am concerned about Russian aggression. Too often this year, this issue has been obscured by partisan sniping, and it shouldn’t be that way. Russia’s attempts to sow global instability are a major national security threat, and on the Armed Services Committee we have treated it that way. Earlier this year, I introduced the Countering Foreign Interference with Our Armed Forces Act. This bill con-tains two provisions—one requiring an-nual reports on the new and disturbing trend of Russian efforts to target our military personnel with disinformation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12SE6.032 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5208 September 12, 2017 
campaigns and a second bill in response to the Michael Flynn scandal so DOD will be required to report to Congress when a retired general officer requests permission to accept payments from a foreign government. We need to protect our military and our country from out-side influence, and these are two steps we can take right now. Another area which concerns me is the money we spend to outfit our mili-tary. The DOD buys a lot of goods and equipment, which means it pays an ex-traordinary amount of money to gov-ernment contractors. It shouldn’t be too much to ask those contractors to provide high-quality products at a rea-sonable price, to treat their workers decently, and to knock off any efforts to extort extra profits out of the gov-ernment. I am pleased the Defense bill also includes a number of my priorities to promote these kinds of reforms. Step one in this process needs to be a full audit of the Department of De-fense. DOD spending makes up half of the discretionary budget, and yet the DOD—unlike other government agen-cies—has never been audited. That makes no sense at all. Senator E
RNST  and I teamed up to fight for a provision to incentivize the Department to achieve audit readiness by mandating a pay reduction for the Secretary of each military service unit that does not achieve audit after 2020, and we got it passed. Senator P
ERDUE , a Republican from Georgia, and I joined together to press the Defense Innovation Board to study how we can improve the way the De-partment acquires software. Senator R
OUNDS , a Republican from South Dakota, and I successfully fought for a provision requiring DOD to open source software methods and open source licenses whenever possible for unclassified, nondefense software, in accordance with best practices from the private sector. This one is particu-larly important so contractors can’t shake down the Pentagon for new piles of cash every time DOD needs to up-grade and improve its software sys-tems. Finally, after stories about contrac-tors with terrible safety records con-tinuing to get DOD contracts, one after another, I successfully secured a provi-sion that will require DOD contracting officers to consider workplace safety and health violations when they evalu-ate a potential DOD contractor. I in-troduced the Contractor Account-ability and Workplace Safety Act to address this issue, and I am very glad it has been included in the NDAA. This Defense bill isn’t perfect. I don’t agree with all of it. In a Republican- controlled Congress, I wouldn’t expect to agree with all of it. For one thing, I vehemently disagree with the decision to authorize funding for research and development for a new generation of intermediate-range missiles. Everyone knows the Russians have violated the INF treaty already, but that is not a reason for the United States to violate this core anti-nuclear proliferation treaty as well. Our military doesn’t want it. Our European allies don’t want it. Even the White House doesn’t want it. We obviously don’t need it. In a world of limited resources, spending tons of taxpayer money to build an un-necessary weapon that will make all of us less safe is a terrible idea. I also disagree with the committee’s recommendation to zero out the fund-ing for the Warfighter Information Network-Tactical, otherwise known as WIN-T. I have listened to the critiques of this system, but WIN-T Increment 2 is the only tactical communications system the Army currently has that permits communications on the move. GEN Mark Milley, the Army Chief of Staff, has noted the importance of re-maining mobile on the battlefield. ‘‘If you stay in one place longer than 2 or 3 hours, you will be dead,’’ he said. We should improve WIN-T, not junk it, and we definitely shouldn’t abruptly cancel this program without having any earthly idea of what will replace it. Fortunately, this program is not ze-roed out in the House version so I will continue to fight for this during the House-Senate conference. Finally, I am concerned about the overall increase in defense spending contemplated by this bill, particularly when there is no real plan in place to pay for it. The Defense Department is not the only agency that is critical to our national security, and most of those other agencies are under attack in this Congress. Moreover, it is impor-tant for us to make the investments we need here at home, to do things like address climate change and promote resilience after natural disasters, to in-vest in scientific research and dis-covery, to improve access to healthcare and education, to build new schools, and to repair aging roads and bridges. We cannot support a buildup in mili-tary spending that leaves our country weakened and unable to build a strong economy going forward. Fortunately, the bill we are putting forward today merely authorizes new defense funding. Actual dollar amounts for Federal spending will be deter-mined later this year for all of our agencies as part of the appropriations process. At that point, all spending— defense and nondefense—will be on the table at the same time. If that process is going to serve the American people well, it must provide for significant in-creases in spending on education, infra-structure, basic research, and the other building blocks of a strong country with a vibrant future. I commend the leadership of Senators J
OHNMCCAINand J ACKREEDthrough-out this process. Our committee has a long history of bipartisanship, and Sen-ators M
CCAINand R EEDhave continued that proud tradition. This legislation supports our servicemembers and their families, promotes commonsense Pen-tagon spending reforms, advances cut-ting-edge defense research, and bolsters the Commonwealth’s innovation econ-omy. Most importantly, this NDAA will make a real, positive impact on the lives of Americans. For those rea-sons, I intend to support it, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I stand to support my friend Senator RANDPAUL and to encourage my colleagues in the U.S. Senate to support his proposed amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act. In the Declaration of Independence, the Founding Fathers lodged the fol-lowing grievance against King George III: ‘‘He has affected to render the mili-tary independent of and superior to civil power.’’ A decade later, the Founders in-cluded a safeguard in the Constitution so ‘‘civil power’’—in other words, the people and their duly elected rep-resentatives—would play an important role in matters of war and peace. The safeguard takes up all of seven words in the Constitution: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power . . . to declare War.’’ Today this safeguard—this crucial check on government—has been eroded in several ways and in ways many Americans would find downright alarming. Congressional authorization for the use of military force is being used in a contorted way to justify wars with an ever-growing list of adversaries with-out any input from Congress or the American people about whether we should be fighting those wars in the first place. Senator P
AUL has submitted an amendment to sunset two such author-izations: the 2001 authorization of mili-tary force against the perpetrators of 9/ 11, and the 2002 authorization of mili-tary force against the regime of Sad-dam Hussein in Iraq. I support my colleague’s amendment because the world has changed and our adversaries have changed since those authorizations were passed into law by Congress. Osama bin Laden is dead. Saddam Hussein is dead. In fact, his statue in Firdos Square came down al-most a decade and a half ago. Yet thou-sands of American troops are still serv-ing in the Middle East based on the same authorizations Congress granted more than a decade and a half ago. In-stead of changing these authorizations to reflect a changing world, politicians have used the old authorizations to start new wars in countries other than Iraq and Afghanistan against adver-saries that had nothing to do with 9/11. The 2001 AUMF has been used to jus-tify a drone war across the Middle East without a debate or a vote in Congress. It has been used to justify air wars in Libya and Yemen without a debate or a vote in Congress. It has been used to justify military action against the Is-lamic State terrorist group without a debate or a vote in Congress. Some of these military actions may be justi-fied, but the best way to determine 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12SE6.033 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5209 September 12, 2017 
whether they are is to submit them to scrutiny, to debate and vote on the matter in Congress as the Constitution prescribes. As many of you know, we are in the midst of sort of a populist challenge to Washington, DC. Senator P
AUL and I have listened to countless Americans voice many of their grievances against Washington. The gist of their com-plaint in this area is this: They don’t feel as though their interests are being taken into account in our Nation’s Capital. Bit by bit, they have watched their representatives cede decision-making power to unelected, unaccount-able bureaucrats in the executive branch. They have watched as a Wash-ington consensus has emerged, a kind of faux consensus shared nowhere else other than in Washington, DC. If you understand these concerns that Washington, DC, is deeply unrep-resentative of how much of the country feels, then you understand a lot about the populist moment. It applies to for-eign policy as well as domestic policy, to how our government conducts itself abroad as well as at home. A decade and a half after the ter-rorist attacks of September 11, 2001, the American people want a place at the table in decisions about war and peace, about life and death. They want to be represented in decisions that con-cern them and their sons and their daughters so intimately. If we do not give the American people these things, if we don’t listen to their concerns, ad-vocate for them in the legislative branch and vote on them openly under the light of day in this Chamber, then we are failing them as representatives, and we are ignoring the Constitution. That is why I am supporting Senator P
AUL’s amendment. I hope my col-leagues will join me so that this issue can get the vote it deserves. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. D
AINES ). The Senator from Rhode Is-land. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I have lis-tened intently to the discussions this afternoon with respect to the AUMF of 2001 and the AUMF of 2002, and all of the speakers have made a point that I think is obvious: We have to update our authorizations to account for the past 16 years, to account for the trans-formation of the threats in those 16 years and many other factors. The Paul amendment does not give us that transformative language so that we can make a reasoned judg-ment. It simply gives us a 6-month pe-riod of time to work our way through all of the nuances, which are very com-plicated and difficult. I think it would unwittingly and unintentionally cause more difficulties than be an effective way to urge action and to seek com-plete action in this Senate and the House and a signature by the Presi-dent. Again, I do understand the concerns of all. I supported the 2001 authoriza-tion for the use of military force after the incredible and shattering attacks on New York City, Washington, and the crash of an aircraft in Shanksville, PA, and we responded. Like so many of my colleagues who were here at the time, I did not expect that 16 years later we would still be en-gaged in the evolution of that fight that began on 9/11, but we cannot sim-ply stop and threaten to pull back our legal framework with the expectation that in 6 months we will produce a new and more appropriate authorization for the use of military force. I think we should be on the floor de-bating such an AUMF. I think it should have been debated seriously and thor-oughly in the Foreign Relations com-mittee, subject to amendment, and brought forward to this Senate so that we could debate it. Then we could present it to our colleagues in the House and ultimately to the President and also do so in the full view of the American public. What we are simply doing, if the Paul amendment is adopted, is saying: If we can’t get our job done in 6 months, then we have no legal authority or questionable legal authority to con-tinue operations across the globe. It would be an arbitrary 6-month period. I think it would, unfortunately, send a very inappropriate signal to our troops and to our allies in the fight across the globe. Also, it would send an unfortu-nate signal to our adversaries because it would raise, quite literally, the pos-sibility, since we have supported the option, of abandoning our legal basis for conducting many of these oper-ations in 6 months. I think it would be read many places as a signal that the Senate has essentially declared that in 6 months we are going to de-authorize our military efforts. I think that signal would be very disturbing to our troops in the field, to our allies, and it would give a huge propaganda lever to our ad-versaries. The 6-month period is not related to our operations on the ground, not re-lated to the planning and the oper-ational procedures that are in place al-ready. It is unrealistic to believe that if we cannot come to some resolution in 6 months, we could suddenly with-draw our forces or find some other rea-son to prosecute these wars and these efforts. Again, we have to think seriously about what the message would be if we adopted this resolution. I think the headline might say ‘‘Senate moves to end involvement.’’ I am more certain, after multiple trips to Iraq and Afghan-istan and recently to Syria, that the headline in Baghdad and Kabul and Da-mascus would be ‘‘U.S. moves to end engagement.’’ That would cause great concern among our allies. It would cause great concern among our troops. Operationally, our planning and stag-ing is not something that is done in 6- month periods. It takes months and months for military forces to prepare to go in. Unless we could do something literally next week, we would be run-ning into the reality of American mili-tary commanders wondering whether they should begin to plan for the ex-traction of our forces and the closing of our facilities on these bases. I don’t think anyone here believes, with the workload we have, that we could tackle this issue in the next week or two. As the days go by, that contingency becomes more pressing on our military forces. Those commanders would have to start making serious plans. Those serious plans would be easily commu-nicated to our allies, to our adver-saries, and to our troops on the ground. As a result, I think, again, this is not the responsible way to pursue what we all want, which is a more realistic AUMF, one more resonant in terms of being consistent with the reality today. Some people have argued—in fact, this seems to be the most compelling argument—that this will force Con-gress to act. Well, I do think we have to act, but I think what the proponents are missing is that our action will not be immediate. As we look ahead, we have recesses that we will observe; we will have other requirements; we have to get appropriations done. We have a host of legislative items. If this effort takes a backseat and we approach the 6 months again, the difficulty of con-ducting military operations will be sig-nificantly complicated. What is in-tended to be a forward effort in Af-ghanistan will gradually begin plan-ning for withdrawal, even if at the last moment we come forward with a new authorization. We have to think about those things because it does affect the troops who are defending us today, it does affect how much our allies will be supportive of our efforts, and it will also, as I indi-cated, give our adversaries the argu-ment that they have used repeatedly— that the United States is going. It was pointed out years ago on one of my first trips to Afghanistan—a saying has become commonplace where the Taliban would say: ‘‘You all have the watches, we have the time.’’ And what we are doing with this measure is once again giving them the time so they can predict or proselytize with more power that our presence will be diminished. Secretary Mattis and Secretary Tillerson have written to the Senate leadership expressing their concerns with this approach, and I immensely respect both gentlemen. I particularly respect Secretary Mattis for his serv-ice. He has been on the ground. He knows what it takes to lead marines, soldiers, airmen, and sailors in action. They are quite concerned. They are concerned about issues, too, to which we have not devoted full attention. As Secretary Mattis and Secretary Tillerson indicate, there is a strong ar-gument that the legal basis for con-tinuing to hold captured combatants at Guantanamo Bay would be taken away and that these individuals could, through our courts, apply for habeas corpus and could likely be released— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12SE6.035 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5210 September 12, 2017 
something that I don’t think anyone would want to see. The presence of an AUMF provides a legal basis for hold-ing these very dangerous combatants at Guantanamo Bay. I think it could also affect our ongo-ing operations against terrorists throughout the globe, particularly our military operations, our special forces operations that are focused on terror-ists connected to Al-Qaida, connected to ISIS, connected to those groups who have, over several administrations, been included within the scope of the AUMF. To a point my colleagues have made, administrations going back to Presi-dent George W. Bush, the Obama ad-ministration, and now the Trump ad-ministration—particularly in the case of the Obama and Bush administra-tions—have adjusted the AUMF to con-front new circumstances, such as the rise of ISIS, et cetera. They have done so, though, in the context of a congres-sional statute, not because of the ex-pansive power, under article II of the Constitution, of the President to de-fend the United States. One issue here is, again, do we want to put ourselves in the position where there is no gov-erning law; rather it is simply that ar-ticle II of the Constitution that pro-vides the legal basis? For many reasons, I hope we will think carefully about our role with re-spect to Senator P
AUL’s amendment. He has been tireless in his advocacy— ‘‘relentless,’’ I think, is probably a bet-ter word. He is doing so with the ut-most integrity and the utmost commit-ment to doing what he thinks is in the best interest of the United States. I come here today to point out what I think our consequences would be, which would be very serious and very detrimental to ourselves, particularly our troops. I ask all of my colleagues to think clearly about what we are doing. We should and we must replace the AUMFs—both of them; however, until we have a replacement, we shouldn’t create a 6-month period of uncertainty, doubt, and confusion. That is what it will be because it will affect our soldiers, our allies, and in some respects, give more leverage to our adversaries. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. (At the request of Mr. C
ORNYN , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, in my ab-sence today, I would like to note my support for the confirmation of Mr. Kevin Hassett to be Chairman of the White House Council of Economic Ad-visers. Due to ongoing and urgent re-covery efforts from Hurricane Irma, which finished its course through Flor-ida only yesterday, and the lack of commercial air travel in the wake of this disaster, I am staying in my State to help coordinate and marshal the full capacity of recovery resources avail-able to us. Had I been able to attend today’s vote, I would have voted in favor of Mr. Hassett’s confirmation as Chairman. ∑ (At the request of Mr. SCHUMER , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I was necessarily absent for today’s vote on Executive Calendar No. 110, Kevin Hassett to be Chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers. I would have voted yea. Mr. President, I was necessarily ab-sent for yesterday’s vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to pro-ceed to calendar No. 175, H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act. I would have voted yea.∑ (At the request of Mr. S
CHUMER , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I was unavailable for rollcall vote No. 194 on the nomination of Kevin Allen Hassett, of Massachusetts, to be Chair-man of the Council of Economic Advis-ers. Had I been present, I would have voted yea.∑ 
f 
ABOLISH HUMAN TRAFFICKING ACT AND TRAFFICKING VICTIMS PROTECTION ACT Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, today I wish to congratulate this body on its passage of two important antitrafficking bills: the Abolish Human Trafficking Act and the Traf-ficking Victims Protection Act. I am proud to have worked with Sen-ators G
RASSLEY , C ORNYN , and K LO-
BUCHAR on these comprehensive bills and commend them and their staffs for the thoughtful and bipartisan manner in which they were drafted. I would also like to thank the numer-ous law enforcement and antitrafficking organizations and, most importantly, the survivors, who have provided feedback and support throughout this process. It is my hope that the legislation passed last night will assist the tremendous work these groups do in the fight against human trafficking. Both bills reauthorize a number of important programs that help victims and strengthen efforts to prevent, de-tect, and respond to human trafficking crimes. The Trafficking Victims Protection Act, which I authored with Senator GRASSLEY , promotes victim-centered training for school resource officers, judges, prosecutors, and law enforce-ment. It ensures that trafficking vic-tims are properly screened and that more comprehensive data about traf-ficking crimes are collected. The Trafficking Victims Protection Act also includes one of my top prior-ities, which is to prevent the prolifera-tion of trafficking offenses over the internet. I want to take a moment to discuss why I believe this to be a deep-ly important step in curtailing the criminal enterprise of trafficking. The commercial sex industry is evolving. The use of the internet to sell commercial sex has escalated dramati-cally over the past several years. Online platforms have provided an easily accessible and seemingly low- risk forum for buyers. In 2014, one website advertised nearly 12,000 adver-tisements for commercial sex in a sin-gle day. Some of these sites have become hubs of human trafficking. Backpage.com, in particular, has been used to facili-tate sex trafficking of minors for years. The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children has determined that Backpage.com is linked to 73 percent of all suspected child sex trafficking re-ports that it receives through its ‘‘CyberTipline.’’ Indeed, just a few months ago in my home State, a 3-month investigation into Backpage.com led the Stockton Police Department to discover eight victims being trafficked for sex in the area. Some of these girls were as young as 14 years old. San Joaquin District Attorney’s Human Trafficking Task Force said that advertisements on Backpage com offered sexual acts with the victims for as little as $20. Under current law, it is a criminal of-fense to knowingly advertise commer-cial sex acts with a minor. Backpage.com has repeatedly asserted that it has no involvement with the ad-vertisements posted on its website. However, after a thorough review of Backpage.com’s screening methods and practices regarding their advertise-ments, the Senate’s Permanent Sub-committee on Investigations concluded that Backpage.com knows that its website facilitates trafficking and knowingly concealed evidence of crimi-nality by systematically editing its adult ads to help them avoid detection by law enforcement. Shortly after these findings were publicly released, the Washington Post obtained documents that showed that contractors hired by Backpage.com were specifically instructed to solicit and create sex ads aggressively, includ-ing the posting of ads suggestive of sex with minors. In fact, these documents revealed that ‘‘invoices and call sheets indicate Backpage.com was pushing [the contractor] to get as many new listings as possible.’’ These revelations are deeply con-cerning, and I hope that they will be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12SE6.036 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5211 September 12, 2017 
thoroughly investigated. Those who knowingly advertise minors for com-mercial sex must be held accountable. It is appalling that even as serious questions about Backpage.com’s culpa-bility are raised, law enforcement offi-cers do not have all of the tools they need to prevent young children from being exploited on the site. The language we have included in the Trafficking Victims Protection Act will prevent the continued victimiza-tion of children by providing law en-forcement with a tool to prevent traf-fickers from using online tools to fur-ther their exploitation. Specifically, the provision adds civil injunction authority to the criminal statute that prohibits the advertise-ment of commercial sex acts with a minor. This allows the Department of Justice to file civil enforcement cases to prevent traffickers from using the internet and other tech platforms to sell children for sex. Civil injunction authority is not new. It exists for the Attorney General to obtain orders against criminal defend-ants to stop them from committing certain kinds of crimes. For example, such authority has been used by the Department to shut down websites from distributing software for spying on people. Adding this authority to existing criminal trafficking provisions gives law enforcement a more readily acces-sible means to deny human traffickers access to platforms like Backpage.com and thereby restrict their ability to traffic children online. I am similarly proud to have cospon-sored the Abolish Human Trafficking Act, which was led by Senators C
ORNYN  and K
LOBUCHAR . The bill includes crit-ical provisions to aid victims in restor-ing their lives. It extends the Domestic Trafficking Victims’ Fund, which helps fund victim services and increase law enforcement efforts. It also expands mandatory restitution provisions for sex tourism and other trafficking-re-lated crimes. The bill further strengthens law en-forcement’s ability to prevent and prosecute trafficking offenses For ex-ample, the Abolish Human Trafficking Act expands the authority of Federal, State, and local law enforcement agen-cies to use wiretaps in sexual exploi-tation cases. It also enhances statutory maximum penalties for several human trafficking offenses and establishes a human trafficking coordinator at every U.S. Attorney’s Office. As the sex trafficking industry con-tinues to evolve, so must our laws. We must ensure that we are doing all we can to curtail this criminal enterprise and do right by those who have been victimized. The bills we have passed last night aim to do just that. Again, I congratulate my colleagues on the pas-sage of this important, comprehensive legislation. I hope that ending the scourge of human trafficking will con-tinue to be a top priority for this body. 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE BUF-FALO BILL CENTER OF THE WEST Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, today I wish to commemorate the 100th anni-versary of the founding of the Buffalo Bill Center of the West in Cody, WY. On January 10, 1917, William F. ‘‘Buf-falo Bill’’ Cody passed away, resulting in the creation of the Buffalo Bill Me-morial Association on March 1, 1917. This association became known as the Buffalo Bill Center of the West on Feb-ruary 8, 2013, and has since performed the task of preserving the great legacy and historical significance of Buffalo Bill Cody. He came to symbolize the American West and lived the tale like no other as an explorer, frontiersman, soldier, scout, actor, entrepreneur, and civic leader. In 1867, Cody received his nickname of ‘‘Buffalo Bill’’ as he hunted buffalo for the Kansas Pacific Railroad, where he became known as an expert shot. He soon became a civilian scout for the U.S. Army, and in that capacity, he was awarded the U.S Congressional Medal of Honor. In 1883, Cody created Buffalo Bill’s Wild West show, in which he gained fame and notoriety for the show’s dramatic recreations of life on the frontier. The performances high-lighted Cody’s knowledge of the Amer-ican West. Cody was an important source of information regarding the West for American Presidents from Ulysses S. Grant to Woodrow Wilson. After his death, the Buffalo Bill mu-seum opened on July 4, 1927, to tell the story of Col. William F. ‘‘Buffalo Bill’’ Cody. Since this opening, the Buffalo Bill Center has expanded and become known as one of America’s finest West-ern museums. The center actually fea-tures four museums: the Whitney Gal-lery of Western Art, the Buffalo Bill Museum, the Plains Indian museum, and the Cody Firearms Museum. Thanks to the overwhelming support and dedicated staff and board of trust-ees, there is always something new to see and explore from the days of the Wild West. It represents a story of a time when people who were larger than life dominated the national stage, and thanks to the historical center, they will never be forgotten. I encourage folks to come to Wyoming and explore the Buffalo Bill Center of the West. It will be an experience they will never forget. It is an opportunity to see first-hand what inspired Buffalo Bill to take the story of the West and tell it all over the world. I am pleased to be a part of this tradition and express my continuing support for the Buffalo Bill Center of the West and its inspiring education of the American West. Con-gratulations on 100 years and my best wishes for the next 100. Thank you. 
f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF BRIDGTON HOSPITAL Mr. KING. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the 100th anniversary of Bridgton Hospital. Over the past 100 years, Bridgton Hospital in Bridgton, ME, has consistently provided high quality, personal patient care for local communities in western Maine. Nation-ally recognized for its excellent per-formance, I am pleased to honor this hospital for its century of service and commitment to our State. Bridgton Hospital was originally founded in 1917 after Bridgton resident Clara Fogg left a bequest for the cre-ation of the facility. Since then, Bridgton Hospital has grown tremen-dously due to the diligent efforts and commitment by community leaders. In 1999, Bridgton Hospital became a sub-sidiary of Central Maine Medical Cen-ter, making it a crucial part of the in-tegrated regional healthcare system. During this past decade, Bridgton Hos-pital has taken a number of steps to expand its services, facilities, and oper-ations, giving patients access to high quality care close to home that they once had to travel miles to receive. The exceptional team of physicians, professional clinicians, nurses, staff, and volunteers who work together to make Bridgton Hospital truly unique have garnered a number of awards for its care. In 2016 alone, it was one of 21 hospitals to be awarded ‘‘Top Rural Hospital’’ in the country. Bridgton Hospital was also selected as one of the top 20 hospitals in the categories of overall performance and quality out-comes out of 1,400 small and rural hos-pitals in the U.S. The hospital was the only hospital in Maine to achieve top performance in all categories, includ-ing overall, quality outcomes, services scores, and financial results, as award-ed by Maine Health Access Foundation. In past years, Bridgton Hospital has also been named one of the Best Places to Work in Maine. Additionally in 2016, Bridgton Hospital CEO David Frum was recognized as a ‘‘Top 50 Critical Access CEOs to Know’’ by Becker’s Hospital Review magazine. Frum was recognized for his leadership and com-mitment to excellence. In January 2017, I had the privilege to personally visit Bridgton Hospital and speak with their healthcare experts and providers. This hospital stands as a shining example of how strong leader-ship and compassion for the commu-nity results in a successful organiza-tion. Bridgton Hospital has played an instrumental role in ensuring safe and quality healthcare in Maine. I wish to join the entire Bridgton community in congratulating Bridgton Hospital on their centennial achievement and thank them for their immeasurable service to the State of Maine. f 
TRIBUTE TO COLONEL KELLEY KASH Mr. KING. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize and thank Col. Kelley Kash for his exceptional service to our Nation while serving in the U.S. Air Force, as well as his leadership as the CEO of Maine Veterans’ Homes, MVH, a post he has held since 2007. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.047 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5212 September 12, 2017 
Colonel Kash grew up in a military family. His father was a career Army officer and flew helicopters in Viet-nam. While not a native of Maine, Colonel Kash first moved to the State of Maine to attend Colby College in Waterville, where he graduated in 1981 with a bachelor of arts in classics. He then went on to earn his master of science in hospital and health services administration from Ohio State Uni-versity, before earning a commission in the U.S. Air Force in 1984. As deputy commander of an air transportable hos-pital, he provided medical support to deployed U.S. forces in support of Oper-ation Provide Comfort, as well as med-ical care to over 5,000 indigent Haitian patients. In his final assignment, he served as commander of the 18th Med-ical Group, the largest U.S. Air Force medical unit in the Pacific. Upon his retirement from Active Duty in 2007, the veterans community of Maine was fortunate to gain a pro-found leader when Colonel Kash was hired as the CEO of Maine Veterans’ Home. During his tenure as CEO, he di-rected a successful national effort that inspired Federal legislation to correct serious underfunding problems with the new VA program for severely dis-abled veterans receiving care in State veterans homes. While his efforts and achievements both in the Air Force and with MVH are notable, a few highlights that illus-trate his leadership are MVH Scar-borough became the first nursing home in Maine to achieve the rare Gold Ex-cellence in Quality Award by the American Health Care Association and one of only 31 awarded nationally since 1997. Not only have all six facilities in Maine been recognized for providing quality customer services, but they have also achieved the elite Silver Achievement in Quality Award. Four MVH facilities are currently at the highest five-star overall rating by the Center of Medicare and Medicaid Serv-ices for survey results, staffing, and quality indicators. Colonel Kash has prepared Maine Veterans’ Home for long-term success by completing a strategic master plan for all MVH campuses with the goal of better delivering resident-directed care in ‘‘home’’ environments using small- house model design principles. His plan includes over $200 million worth of funding spanning over the next 15 years. His plan is already underway with modernizations projects occurring at various MVH locations in Maine, in-cluding a state-of-the-art therapy and rehab addition at Bangor, a multipur-pose room addition at Machias, and de-centralized dining projects at Scar-borough, Bangor, and South Paris. Colonel Kash’s leadership has led Maine Veterans’ Homes to remarkable transformations and major success in providing better care for Maine’s vet-erans. On behalf of veterans commu-nities across the State of Maine, I want to thank Colonel Kash for his commit-ment to providing excellent care and access to services for our veterans. TRIBUTE TO MASTER GUNNERY SERGEANT WILLIAM T. MAHONEY Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, today I wish to pay tribute and honor the dis-tinguished service of one of my former Defense fellows, Marine Corps MGySgt William T. Mahoney. Will and his fam-ily have faithfully served our Nation for 30 years, and for that, we are for-ever grateful. Will’s service has always been exemplary, and he will be sorely missed as he moves on to enjoy his well-deserved retirement. Will enlisted in the Marine Corps on January 7, 1987, and attended basic training in Parris Island, SC. His occu-pational specialty training as a ground-to-air missile systems operator took place at Fort Bliss in El Paso, TX. Tours in Yuma, AZ, and Okinawa, Japan, followed, with deployments to San Clemente Island, CA, and South Korea. Will was selected for Marine security guard duty while in Japan and, after graduating, went to school in Quantico, VA, and served at the U.S. Embassy security detachments in Vi-enna, Austria, and Lusaka, Zambia. Upon his return to the United States, he was assigned to Marine Corps Air Station in Cherry Point, NC. Following this tour, Will was assigned to 8th Ma-rine Corps District Recruiting Head-quarters in New Orleans, LA. Selected for Marine security guard duty for a second time while serving in New Orleans, Will returned to Quantico for training as a security detachment commander. After completing his training as the class honor graduate, Will assumed command of the Marine detachment at the American Embassy in Ljubljana, Slovenia. He later served as command of the security detach-ment in Tbilisi, Republic of Georgia, where he was meritoriously promoted to the rank of gunnery sergeant and se-lected for instructor duty in Quantico. Will served as an instructor-adviser and the operations chief for Marine Corps Embassy Security Guard School, where he was responsible for training the men and women who guard Amer-ica’s embassies and consulates around the world. Upon completion of that tour, Will was assigned to Marine Corps Air Station, New River, NC. He deployed to Anbar Province, Iraq, in late 2008. While serving in Iraq, Will was se-lected for the prestigious congressional fellowship program, one of only four enlisted servicemembers to have been selected for this program at that time. After returning stateside in August 2009 and completing several months of familiarization training and education in Washington, DC, he was assigned to serve as a member of my legislative staff. Will provided invaluable insight on matters ranging from the New START Nuclear Disarmament Treaty to veterans’ affairs issues to weapons procurement programs for the Depart-ment of Defense. Following his fellowship in my office, Will was assigned as the senior enlisted adviser to the Undersecretary of De-fense for Personnel and Readiness. In this position, he advised senior Depart-ment of Defense officials on all matters pertaining to the enlisted members of the Armed Forces, their families, and retirees. Additionally, Will assumed the additional duty of senior enlisted adviser to the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs for more than 2 years, providing senior military medical leadership with a line perspec-tive on many initiatives and policies. After completing his time in the Pen-tagon, Will was selected to serve as the senior enlisted adviser to the director of the White House Military Office, WHMO. In this position, he advised the director and other senior White House officials on all matters pertaining to the members of the Armed Forces as-signed to support the office of the Pres-idency. Will’s humble character rarely does justice to his accomplishments and ac-colades. However, he does speak very proudly of his wife, Claire, and their three daughters, Katrina, Shannon, and Sophie. Military families are true tes-taments of both strength and pride. They are constantly challenged by de-ployments, changes in duty stations, and uncertainties. These hurdles create resiliency, which the Mahoney family patriotically embodies. Will’s family is his pride and joy and will be equally missed by all they have served with. While we will miss seeing Will in uni-form, his future endeavors will con-tinue to make us proud. I want to again thank Will and his family for their service to our great Nation and congratulate him on his retirement. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO CONNOR WESTLAKE ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, Connor Westlake of Bozeman, MT, is a driven, determined and diligent 19-year-old who has proven to be a leader among his peers and in his community. As an athlete, Connor has had a distinguished career and was awarded the Christian Character Award by the Montana Christian Athletic Association These experiences have led him to apply his leadership in the service of our Na-tion’s defense, continuing the legacy of military service of his grandfathers, U.S. Marines, U.S. Navy; and uncles, U.S. Navy. Connor has spent the past year pre-paring to enter the U.S. Army, where he plans to serve his country in Special Forces with the Green Berets. He will war the uniform for the first time later this month upon arrival at Fort Benning, GA, where he will be among a group of highly qualified recruits who will proceed directly from initial entry training to Special Forces training. Upon completion of the rigorous and challenging 2-year training, Connor will become a member of one of the best and most highly skilled combat forces in the world. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.049 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5213 September 12, 2017 
I join the Westlake family in praying for his success and safety and thank Connor as he pursues this noble calling of service.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DON SLAZNIK ∑Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. President, today I wish to celebrate the distin-guished career of Marshal Don Slaznik of O’Fallon, IL. Don is retiring as U.S. Marshal for the Southern District of Il-linois, a position that he has the dis-tinction of having held under three Presidents, being first nominated by President Bush and confirmed in 2002 and retained by President Obama in 2009. Don has served his country with dig-nity and honor as an Active-Duty member of the U.S. Marines and the U.S. Army in the 1960s and 1970s. Since then, he has been the chief of police in Poplar Bluff, MO, Storm Lake, IA, and O’Fallon, IL, and served in leadership positions with the Illinois Association of Chiefs of Police, the Southern Illinois Police Chief’s Asso-ciation, the International Association of Chiefs of Police, and the Illinois As-sociation of Chiefs of Police. In 2015, under Don’s leadership, the Southern District of Illinois received the highest award given by the U.S. Marshal’s Service: the Distinguished District Award. While he will be missed, we will re-member this public citizen for his tire-less, dedicated, and honorable commit-ment to service Many thanks to U.S. Marshal Slaznik and his family for their sacrifices and contributions to our community. Thank you.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ELIZABETH ATWOOD ∑Ms. HASSAN. Mr. President, this month, I have the distinct honor of rec-ognizing Elizabeth Atwood, of Roch-ester, NH, as our Granite Stater of the Month for her contributions to her community as a capacity building spe-cialist with SOS Recovery Community Organization, where she helps individ-uals who are struggling with substance misuse access recovery services and support networks. As someone who struggled with sub-stance misuse herself, Elizabeth has shown tremendous courage in telling her own story of accessing treatment and recovery services. At New Horizons homeless shelter, Elizabeth received help enrolling in Medicaid, allowing her to undergo treatment for substance use disorder, improve her physical health, and receive counseling. Through her perseverance and deter-mination, Elizabeth regained custody of her son, gained employment, and now receives health insurance coverage through her employer. Now working at SOS Recovery Com-munity Organization, Elizabeth pro-vides incredible value to her commu-nity, working tirelessly to help individ-uals struggling with substance use dis-order. Elizabeth does everything from helping create policy and procedures and offering trainings to community members, to helping find detox beds for people who come into the Rochester fa-cility. As many Granite Staters like Eliza-beth know, the heroin, fentanyl, and opioid crisis is the most pressing public health and safety challenge facing New Hampshire. Now more than ever, New Hampshire needs more people like Eliz-abeth who are dedicated to helping combat this crisis. I am deeply grateful for the courage she has shown in tell-ing her inspirational story and her drive to help others who face the same challenges she did. Elizabeth rep-resents the best of New Hampshire, and I am honored to recognize her as our Granite Stater of the month. ∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO SARKIS TATIGIAN ∑Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mr. Sarkis Tatigian, who will achieve the extraor-dinary milestone of 75 years of com-bined military and civilian service to the United States on September 26, 2017. Eligible for retirement since 1973, Mr. Tatigian has continued to honor America through his faithful service. Currently the associate director of the Small Business Programs Office at Naval Sea Systems Command, NAVSEA, Mr. Tatigian is a champion for our Navy, our small business com-munity, and our country. Mr. Tatigian began his civilian ca-reer with the Navy in July 1942 as a junior radio inspector at the naval air-craft factory in the Philadelphia Navy Yard and the Navy Office of Inspector of Naval Aircraft in Linden, NJ. He left his position as an inspector in March 1943 and entered the uniformed Navy as an Active-Duty sailor in April 1943. In June 1944, as an aviation electronics technician’s mate, he aided in the de-velopment of the Navy’s first guided antiship munition, the ASM-N–2 ‘‘BAT’’ glide bomb, which later became an operational weapon in January 1945. In 1943, Mr. Tatigian began his Fed-eral civil service with NAVSEA, where he still works today. Throughout his long career, he has received numerous awards, including the Navy’s Superior Civilian Service Award in 2007. In rec-ognition of his exceptional accomplish-ments in service, the Navy has even named an award after him, the Sarkis Tatigian Small Business Award, which recognizes outstanding performance through organizational culture and command climate. At 95 years young, Mr. Tatigian’s dedication and resolve are inspira-tional. We can all learn a great deal about service to country and the Amer-ican spirit from his great example. On behalf of a grateful nation, thank you, Mr. Sarkis Tatigian, for all you have done for our people, our government, and our Navy.∑ MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
Under the order of the Senate of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Secretary of the Sen-ate, on September 11, 2017, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representa-tives announcing that the Speaker had signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 3732. An act to amend section 1113 of the Social Security Act to provide authority for increased fiscal year 2017 and 2018 pay-ments for temporary assistance to United States citizens returned from foreign coun-tries. 
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the en-rolled bill was signed on September 11, 2017, during the adjournment of the Senate, by the Acting President pro tempore (Mr. D
AINES ). 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–2773. A communication from the Con-gressional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Black Stem Rust; Additions of Rust-Resistant Spe-cies and Varieties’’ (APHIS–2017–0049) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 5, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–2774. A communication from the Acting Administrator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘U.S. Standards for Grades of Shelled Walnuts and Walnuts in the Shell’’ (AMS–SC–16–0005) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 6, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–2775. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics), transmitting a report relative to the overall effectiveness of the property disposal process from prior Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) rounds; to the Committees on Armed Services; and Ap-propriations. EC–2776. A communication from the Prin-cipal Director (Force Resiliency), performing the duties of the Assistant Secretary of De-fense (Readiness), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to aggregate amounts identified for Reserve Component equipment and construction in future-years defense pro-grams; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–2777. A communication from the Direc-tor, Naval Reactors, Naval Nuclear Propul-sion Program, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Naval Nuclear Propulsion Program’s reports on environmental monitoring and ra-dioactive waste disposal, radiation exposure, and occupational safety and health, as well as a report providing an overview of the Pro-gram; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–2778. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Lieutenant Gen-eral David E. Quantock, United States Army, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.050 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5214 September 12, 2017 
EC–2779. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting the report of an officer authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of major general in accordance with title 10, United States Code, section 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–2780. A communication from the Attor-ney Advisor and Federal Register Certifying Officer, Bureau of the Fiscal Service, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Government Participation in the Automated Clearing House’’ (RIN1510–AA14) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 6, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–2781. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to per-sons undermining democratic processes or institutions in Zimbabwe that was declared in Executive Order 13288 of March 6, 2003; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–2782. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Ukraine that was originally declared in Ex-ecutive Order 13660 of March 6, 2014; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–2783. A communication from the Sec-retary of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the export to the People’s Republic of China of items not det-rimental to the U.S. space launch industry; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–2784. A communication from the Acting Chairman of the Federal Maritime Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s fiscal year 2016 annual report relative to the Notification and Federal Em-ployee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–2785. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Automated Indicator Sharing: Fiscal Year 2016 Report to Congress Implementing the ‘Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2015’’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–2786. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Management and Budget, Exec-utive Office of the President, transmitting a report relative to Hurricane Harvey funding; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–2787. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Loan Programs Office, Department of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Advanced Technology Vehicles Manufac-turer Assistance Program’’ (10 CFR Part 611) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 1, 2017; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–2788. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Department of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safeguarding of Re-stricted Data by Access Permittees’’ (RIN1992–AA46) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 1, 2017; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. EC–2789. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval and Air Quality Designation; TN; Redesignation of the Knox-ville 1997 Annual PM2.5 Nonattainment Area to Attainment’’ (FRL No. 9966–92–Region 4) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 25, 2017; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–2790. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Georgia; Update to Materials Incorporated by Reference’’ (FRL No. 9965–15–Region 4) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 25, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2791. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Kentucky; Louis-ville Miscellaneous Rule Revisions’’ (FRL No. 9967–05–Region 4) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 25, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2792. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Kentucky; Revi-sions to Jefferson County Emissions Moni-toring and Reporting’’ (FRL No. 9966–94–Re-gion 4) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 25, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2793. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; New Jersey; Revised For-mat for Materials Being Incorporated by Ref-erence; Correction’’ (FRL No. 9967–14–Region 2) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 25, 2017; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–2794. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Significant New Use Rules on Certain Chemical Substances’’ ((RIN2070–AB27) (FRL No. 9959–81)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 31, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2795. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Revisions to the California State Im-plementation Plan; Imperial County Air Pol-lution Control District; Stationary Sources Permits’’ (FRL No. 9965–89–Region 9) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 31, 2017; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–2796. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Final Authorization of State-initi-ated Changes and Incorporation by Reference of Approved State Hazardous Waste Manage-ment Program’’ (FRL No. 9966–55–Region 6) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 31, 2017; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–2797. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Attainment Date Extensions for the Logan, Utah-Idaho 2006 24-Hour Fine Partic-ulate Matter Nonattainment Area’’ (FRL No. 9967–22–Regions 8 and 10) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 31, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2798. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of State Implementation Plans; Nevada; Regional Haze Progress Report; Correction’’ (FRL No. 9966–82–Region 9) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 31, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2799. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Rhode Island; Reasonably Available Control Technology for US Watercraft, LLC; Withdrawal of Di-rect Final Rule’’ (FRL No. 9967–29–Region 1) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 31, 2017; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–2800. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Ohio; Volatile Or-ganic Compound Control Rules’’ (FRL No. 9967–40–Region 5) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 31, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2801. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; New Hampshire; Rules for Open Burning and Incinerators’’ (FRL No. 9967–27–Region 1) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 31, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2802. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Indiana; Redesig-nation of the Indiana Portion of the Cin-cinnati-Hamilton, OH–IN-KY Area to Attain-ment of the 1997 Annual Standard for Fine Particulate Matter’’ (FRL No. 9967–17–Re-gion 5) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 31, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2803. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Maine; New Motor Vehicle Emission Standards’’ (FRL No. 9967– 28–Region 1) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 31, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2804. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; AK, Fairbanks North Star Borough; 2006 PM2.5 Moderate Area Plan’’ (FRL No. 9967–21–Region 10) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.008 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5215 September 12, 2017 
the Office of the President of the Senate on August 31, 2017; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–2805. A communication from the Acting Commissioner, Social Security Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Ad-ministration’s 2017 Annual Report of the Supplemental Security Income Program; to the Committee on Finance. EC–2806. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report consistent with the Author-ization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolution of 2002 (P.L. 107–243) and the Authorization for the Use of Force Against Iraq Resolution (P.L. 102–1) for the April 9, 2017–June 8, 2017 reporting period; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–2807. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of defense articles, including technical data, and defense services to the United Kingdom for the manufacture and as-sembly of F135 engine parts and components in the amount of $1,000,000 or more (Trans-mittal No. DDTC 17–035); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–2808. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of defense articles, including technical data, and defense services to Israel in the amount of $25,000,000 or more (Trans-mittal No. DDTC 17–052); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–2809. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of defense articles, including technical data, defense services, and manu-facturing know-how to the Republic of Korea to support the design and manufacture of Controllable Pitch Propellers and Shafting Systems for the Korean KDX–III Batch II De-stroyer program in the amount of $15,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 16–124); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–2810. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of firearms abroad controlled under Category I of the United States Muni-tions List of 9mm semi-automatic pistols to Canada in the amount of $1,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 17–062); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. EC–2811. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting proposed legislation entitled ‘‘Elec-tronic Visa Update System’’; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. EC–2812. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Visas: Documentation of Nonimmigrants Under the Immigration and Nationality Act, as Amend-ed’’ (RIN1400–AD30) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 5, 2017; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–2813. A communication from the Chief of Regulations Special Projects, Office of Regulation Policy and Management, Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Supportive Services for Veteran Families Program’’ (RIN2900–AP61) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 7, 2017; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. EC–2814. A communication from the Senior Official performing the duties of the Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readi-ness), transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to the Armed Forces Retire-ment Home for fiscal years 2014, 2015, and 2016; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. EC–2815. A communication from the Chief Counsel, National Telecommunications and Information Administration, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Scope of NTIA’s Authority Regarding FirstNet Fees’’ (RIN0660–AA30) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 5, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2816. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Consumer Product Safety Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Prohibition of Children’s Toys and Child Care Articles Containing Specified Phthalates: Determinations Re-garding Certain Plastics’’ (RIN3041–AD59) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 7, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. BURR (for himself, Mr. C ASEY , and Ms. M
URKOWSKI ): S. 1790. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to improve college savings under section 529 programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mrs. ERNST (for herself and Mr. E
NZI): S. 1791. A bill to amend the Act of August 25, 1958, commonly known as the ‘‘Former Presidents Act of 1958’’, with respect to the monetary allowance payable to a former President, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. By Mr. FRANKEN: S. 1792. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to provide formula grants to States to improve higher education oppor-tunities for foster youth and homeless youth, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and Mr. T
HUNE ): S. 1793. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to enhance taxpayer rights, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. ROUNDS (for himself, Mr. B
AR-
RASSO , and Mr. I NHOFE ): S. 1794. A bill to prohibit the Environ-mental Protection Agency from proposing, finalizing, or disseminating regulations or assessments based upon science that is not transparent or reproducible; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ): S. 1795. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to improve the financial aid process for homeless children and youths and foster care children and youth; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mr. L
EE): S. 1796. A bill to require a report on the military and security ramifications of the new ground-launched cruise missile of the Russian Federation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. BLUMENTHAL ): S. 1797. A bill to amend title XIX of the So-cial Security Act to ensure health insurance coverage continuity for former foster youth; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. VAN HOLLEN (for himself, Mr. S
CHATZ , and Mr. B OOKER ): S. 1798. A bill to establish a Federal stand-ard in order to improve the Nation’s resil-ience to current and future flood risk; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. HEINRICH (for himself, Mr. G
ARDNER , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. M
ANCHIN , and Ms. H ARRIS ): S. 1799. A bill to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to facilitate the commercializa-tion of energy and related technologies de-veloped at Department of Energy facilities with promising commercial potential; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mr. T
ILLIS ): S. 1800. A bill to require a report on signifi-cant security risks of the national electric grid and the potential effect of any such se-curity risks on the readiness of the Armed Forces; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. By Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mrs. F
EIN-
STEIN , Ms. B ALDWIN , and Ms. H IRONO ): S. 1801. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to require institutions of higher education to have an independent ad-vocate for campus sexual assault prevention and response; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 253 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 253, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to repeal the Medi-care outpatient rehabilitation therapy caps. 
S. 292 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name of the Senator from West Virginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 292, a bill to maximize discovery, and accelerate development and avail-ability, of promising childhood cancer treatments, and for other purposes. 
S. 372 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 372, a bill to amend the Tariff Act of 1930 to ensure that merchandise ar-riving through the mail shall be sub-ject to review by U.S. Customs and Border Protection and to require the provision of advance electronic infor-mation on shipments of mail to U.S. Customs and Border Protection and for other purposes. 
S. 428 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 428, a bill to amend titles XIX and XXI of the Social Security Act to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.010 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5216 September 12, 2017 
authorize States to provide coordi-nated care to children with complex medical conditions through enhanced pediatric health homes, and for other purposes. 
S. 445 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 445, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure more timely access to home health services for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medicare program. 
S. 479 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 479, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to waive co-insurance under Medicare for colorectal cancer screening tests, re-gardless of whether therapeutic inter-vention is required during the screen-ing. 
S. 482 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 482, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to treat certain amounts paid for physical activity, fit-ness, and exercise as amounts paid for medical care. 
S. 497 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 497, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for Medicare coverage of certain lymphedema compression treatment items as items of durable medical equipment. 
S. 540 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 540, a bill to limit the authority of States to tax certain income of em-ployees for employment duties per-formed in other States. 
S. 609 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 609, a bill to amend the De-partment of Veterans Affairs Health Care Programs Enhancement Act of 2001 and title 38, United States Code, to require the provision of chiropractic care and services to veterans at all De-partment of Veterans Affairs medical centers and to expand access to such care and services, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 701 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Cali-fornia (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 701, a bill to improve the competitiveness of United States manufacturing by designating and sup-porting manufacturing communities. 
S. 783 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. KLOBUCHAR ) and the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 783, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to distribute maternity care health professionals to health professional shortage areas identified as in need of maternity care health services. 
S. 787 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 787, a bill to require the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation to test the effect of including telehealth services in Medicare health care deliv-ery reform models. 
S. 870 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 870, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to imple-ment Medicare payment policies de-signed to improve management of chronic disease, streamline care co-ordination, and improve quality out-comes without adding to the deficit. 
S. 1002 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1002, a bill to enhance the ability of community financial institutions to foster economic growth and serve their communities, boost small businesses, increase individual savings, and for other purposes. 
S. 1028 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1028, a bill to provide for the es-tablishment and maintenance of a Na-tional Family Caregiving Strategy, and for other purposes. 
S. 1050 
At the request of Ms. D UCKWORTH , the names of the Senator from Min-nesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) and the Sen-ator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1050, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Chinese- American Veterans of World War II, in recognition of their dedicated service during World War II. 
S. 1057 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1057, a bill to amend the Harmful Algal Bloom and Hypoxia Research and Con-trol Act of 1998 to address harmful algal blooms, and for other purposes. 
S. 1112 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1112, a bill to support States in their work to save and sus-tain the health of mothers during preg-nancy, childbirth, and in the postpartum period, to eliminate dis-parities in maternal health outcomes for pregnancy-related and pregnancy- associated deaths, to identify solutions to improve health care quality and health outcomes for mothers, and for other purposes. S. 1266 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the names of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1266, a bill to au-thorize the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to enter into contracts with non-profit organizations to investigate medical centers of the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
S. 1353 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1353, a bill to require States to automatically register eligible voters to vote in elections for Federal offices, and for other purposes. 
S. 1568 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1568, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in commemoration of President John F. Kennedy. 
S. 1697 
At the request of Mr. G RAHAM , the names of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ), the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) and the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1697, a bill to condition assistance to the West Bank and Gaza on steps by the Palestinian Authority to end violence and terrorism against Israeli citizens and United States Citi-zens. 
S. 1742 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the names of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) and the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1742, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act to provide for an option for any citizen or permanent resident of the United States age 55 to 64 to buy into Medicare. 
S. 1766 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1766, a bill to reauthorize the SAFER Act of 2013, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1768 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1768, a bill to reauthorize and amend the National Earthquake Hazards Re-duction Program, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1776 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1776, a bill to amend the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 to re-authorize energy programs through fis-cal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.014 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5217 September 12, 2017 
S. 1783 
At the request of Ms. D UCKWORTH , the name of the Senator from Cali-fornia (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1783, a bill to amend the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 to require each State to implement a process under which individuals who are 16 years of age may apply to reg-ister to vote in elections for Federal of-fice in the State, to direct the Election Assistance Commission to make grants to States to increase the involvement of minors in public election activities, and for other purposes. 
S. 1784 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1784, a bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to improve the deter-mination of cohort default rates and provide for enhanced civil penalties, to ensure personal liability of owners, of-ficers, and executives of institutions of higher education, and for other pur-poses. 
S. RES. 61 
At the request of Mr. M CCAIN, the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 61, a resolution calling on the De-partment of Defense, other elements of the Federal Government, and foreign governments to intensify efforts to in-vestigate, recover, and identify all missing and unaccounted-for personnel of the United States. 
S. RES. 168 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 168, a resolution sup-porting respect for human rights and encouraging inclusive governance in Ethiopia. 
S. RES. 220 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 220, a resolution expressing soli-darity with Falun Gong practitioners who have lost lives, freedoms, and rights for adhering to their beliefs and practices and condemning the practice of non-consenting organ harvesting, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 250 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 250, a resolution condemning hor-rific acts of violence against Burma’s Rohingya population and calling on Aung San Suu Kyi to play an active role in ending this humanitarian trag-edy. 
AMENDMENT NO . 329 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the names of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ), the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ) and the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
UR-
RAY) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 329 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 2810, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2018 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. AMENDMENT NO . 393 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) and the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) were added as cospon-sors of amendment No. 393 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 394 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) and the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) were added as cospon-sors of amendment No. 394 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 464 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) was added as a cosponsor of amend-ment No. 464 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 556 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) and the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 556 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 563 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 563 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 592 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the names of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. GRASSLEY ) and the Senator from West Virginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 592 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 663 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 663 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 674 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 674 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 701 
At the request of Ms. H ARRIS , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 701 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 2810, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2018 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 730 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , his name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 730 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 2810, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2018 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. At the request of Mr. L
EE, his name was added as a cosponsor of amend-ment No. 730 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, supra. 
AMENDMENT NO . 735 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 735 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.016 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5218 September 12, 2017 
military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 775 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 775 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 789 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 789 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 796 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the names of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO), the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ), the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) and the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) were added as cospon-sors of amendment No. 796 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 801 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Cali-fornia (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 801 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 811 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 811 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 812 
At the request of Mr. G RAHAM , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 812 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. AMENDMENT NO . 814 
At the request of Mr. G RAHAM , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 814 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 819 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 819 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 2810, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2018 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 826 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 826 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 2810, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2018 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 828 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 828 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 2810, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2018 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 843 
At the request of Mr. S TRANGE , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 843 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 2810, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2018 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 850 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 850 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 2810, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2018 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. AMENDMENT NO . 853 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 853 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 891 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ), the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) and the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 891 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 893 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 893 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 2810, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2018 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 906 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the names of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) and the Senator from Wyo-ming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ) were added as co-sponsors of amendment No. 906 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 930 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, his name was added as a cosponsor of amend-ment No. 930 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.018 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5219 September 12, 2017 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and Mr. T
HUNE ): S. 1793. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to enhance tax-payer rights, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, the IRS has never been, and likely will never be, an agency anyone is glad to hear from. However, American taxpayers should at least have confidence that they will receive a fair shake from the agency. Without this, our system of taxation that relies on voluntary reporting of income will fall apart. In recent years, gross mismanage-ment and inappropriate actions by cer-tain IRS employees have shaken what confidence taxpayers have had in the agency. Today, Senator T
HUNE and I are re-introducing legislation we introduced last Congress aimed at ensuring that appropriate safeguards are in place to protect taxpayer rights by preventing IRS abuses. Called the Taxpayer Bill of Rights Enhancement Act (TBORE), our bill updates and strengthens several provi-sions enacted in prior Taxpayer Bill of Rights legislation. I am pleased that several of the pro-visions in last Congress’ version of the bill were enacted into law, including codifying the Taxpayer Bill of Rights. However, more must be done if we are going to renew the taxpaying public’s confidence in the IRS. No legislation is likely to fix all of the IRS recent shortcomings on its own. There is a need for a change of culture within the IRS. We hope our bill will serve as a cata-lyst for a cultural shift within the IRS. Our bill sends a clear message to the IRS—Congress is not going to tolerate poor service and the systematic abuse of taxpayer rights. We look forward to working with our colleagues toward reforming the IRS and protecting taxpayer rights. 
By Mr VAN HOLLEN (for him-self, Mr. S
CHATZ , and Mr. B OOK-
ER): S. 1798. A bill to establish a Federal standard in order to improve the Na-tion’s resilience to current and future flood risk; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, today I would like to discuss the im-portance of ensuring that federally funded infrastructure projects are built to withstand flood damage. As we work to provide Federal sup-port to the people of Texas, Florida, and the Gulf Coast, Congress should consider how we can ensure that our roads, bridges, and other critical infra-structure are better equipped to with-stand future flooding. In 2015, President Obama signed an executive order to reinforce and expand existing policy regarding Federal ac-tion in a floodplain, directing agencies to use a higher vertical flood elevation and horizontal floodplain for federally funded projects. This was a common- sense step to improve our resilience in the face of increased flood risk. Then last month, President Trump signed an executive order to reverse his predecessor’s action. Despite support from groups ranging from environ-mentalists to the insurance industry, the President has decided to undo what a former director of public affairs at FEMA called ‘‘the most significant ac-tion taken in a generation to safeguard U.S. infrastructure.’’ We must prepare our Nation’s crit-ical infrastructure to deal with flood-ing. That is why I am I, along with Senators SCHATZ and B OOKER , am in-troducing the Flood Risk Management Act of 2017. This bill will codify com-mon-sense flood standards and ensure that federally funded infrastructure projects are built to withstand flood damage. The legislation is supported by the Smarter Safer Coalition, a di-verse group of organizations ranging from insurance groups, environmental organizations to taxpayer advocates. If we fail to invest when our roads and bridges are being built, we risk the lives of American families and ulti-mately spend more taxpayer dollars to repair them after floods occur. Now is the time to prepare for the next dis-aster—not after it occurs. 
By Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Ms. B ALDWIN , and Ms. H
IRONO ): S. 1801. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to require insti-tutions of higher education to have an independent advocate for campus sex-ual assault prevention and response, to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, sexual as-sault is a major issue on our Nation’s college campuses. Too many young people are sexually assaulted while in school. Alarmingly, the majority of these crimes will go unreported. The consequences of these crimes are often destructive to a student’s mental, physical, and emotional well-being. In addition, the trauma of the assault and its aftermath drives many survivors to drop out of school. Sexual assault survivors deserve ac-cess to a safe and supportive edu-cational environment. I have met with students in Virginia and across the Country who have expressed the need for someone on campus to turn to for unbiased advice and guidance following an assault. Given the prevalence of this issue, it is clear that our federal higher education policy must do more to pre-vent sexual assaults and ensure that survivors have access to and can navi-gate through a plethora of resources. This is why I am pleased to introduce today the Survivor Outreach and Sup-port Campus Act of 2017 or SOS Cam-pus Act. The SOS Campus Act requires universities that receive Federal fund-ing to establish an independent, on- campus advocate for survivors of sex-ual assault. The advocate will help stu-dents access all of the resources avail-able to them, both on and off campus, in the wake of a sexual assault and will guide them through the process of re-porting their assault if they choose to do so, acting always in the interests of the victim, not the university. The SOS Campus Act requires that the confidential advocate is responsible for ensuring that survivors, regardless of whether they decide to report the crime, have access to emergency and follow-up medical care, guidance on re-porting assaults to law enforcement, medical forensic or evidentiary exams, crisis intervention, and information on their legal rights. The advocate will also conduct a public information cam-paign on campus to inform students of their services, and train other univer-sity staff to provide information to students about the advocate. I am proud to introduce this legisla-tion that would ensure all college stu-dents across our Country have access to a supportive advocate following a sexual assault on campus. I strongly ertdourage my colleagues in the Senate to consider this legislation to help pro-tect our students from sexual violence and its damaging impact. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 940. Mrs. ERNST (for herself, Mr. C OT-
TON, and Mrs. S HAHEEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 941. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. I
NHOFE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 942. Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Mr. P
ERDUE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 943. Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Mr. P
ERDUE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 944. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 945. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 946. Mr. MORAN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 947. Mr. MORAN (for himself and Mr. R
OBERTS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 948. Mr. MORAN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 949. Mr. MORAN (for himself, Mr. U
DALL , Mr. D AINES , and Mr. W ARNER ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.020 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5220 September 12, 2017 
SA 950. Mr. PETERS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 951. Mr. STRANGE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 952. Mr. STRANGE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 953. Mr. THUNE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 954. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 955. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 956. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 957. Mr. GRAHAM (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 958. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 959. Mr. REED submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 960. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 961. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 962. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 963. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 964. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 965. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 966. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 967. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 968. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 969. Mr. RISCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 970. Mr. RISCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 971. Mr. RISCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 972. Mr. RISCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 973. Mr. RISCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 974. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. BROWN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 975. Ms. STABENOW submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 976. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 977. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 770, to require the Director of the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Technology to disseminate resources to help reduce small business cybersecurity risks, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 978. Mr. M
CCAIN (for Mr. R UBIO (for himself, Mr. C
ORNYN , Mr. N ELSON , and Mr. C
RUZ)) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 979. Mr. M
CCAIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 980. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. I
NHOFE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 981. Mr. MORAN (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. K AINE, Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. H
EINRICH , and Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 982. Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. M
UR-
PHY, Mr. D URBIN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mrs. M URRAY , and Mr. C ARPER ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 983. Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. M
UR-
PHY, Mr. D URBIN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mrs. M URRAY , and Mr. C ARPER ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 984. Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mr. L
EE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 985. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 986. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 987. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 988. Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. M
URPHY , and Ms. B ALDWIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 989. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 990. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 991. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. BROWN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 992. Mr. SCHUMER (for Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by Mr. S
CHUMER to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 993. Mr. M
CCAIN (for Mr. R UBIO) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 994. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 995. Ms. CANTWELL (for herself and Mrs. M
URRAY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 996. Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Ms. H
AR-
RIS, Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B OOKER , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. W ARNER , and Ms. D UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 997. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 998. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. B
ROWN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 999. Mr. TOOMEY (for himself and Mr. C
ASEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1000. Mr. M
CCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1001. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 940. Mrs. ERNST (for herself, Mr. C
OTTON , and Mrs. S HAHEEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title I, add the following: 
SEC. ll. INTERIM COMBAT SERVICE RIFLE. 
(a) A CQUISITION AUTHORITY .—The Secretary of the Army is authorized to expedite acquir-ing a commercially available off-the-shelf item, non-developmental item, or Govern-ment-off-the-shelf materiel solution for an Interim Combat Service Rifle for purposes of defeating the evolving threat that has placed the United States Armed Forces at increased risk. (b) A
CCELERATION OF RELATED PROGRAMS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.024 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5221 September 12, 2017 
(1) I N GENERAL .—To ensure a complete ca-pability is fielded simultaneously with the acquisition program authorized under sub-section (a), the Secretary is also authorized to use funding under the program to accel-erate by one year the Squad Designated Marksman Rifle program and by two years the Advanced Armor Piercing ammunition program. (2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The authority under this subsection does not supersede the requirement to develop a Next Generation Squad Weapon. 
SA 941. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. I
NHOFE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 85, between lines 23 and 24, insert the following: ‘‘(7)(A) The installation commander of a military installation impacted by a proposed energy project shall submit to the Clearing-house a statement of objection or non-objec-tion regarding the impact of proposed project. ‘‘(B) The statement shall include the fol-lowing elements: ‘‘(i) An analysis of the impact on pilot safety, training, military operations, and readiness. ‘‘(ii) A detailed description of any poten-tial negative impacts on pilot safety, train-ing, military operations, and readiness. ‘‘(iii) Any additional information the in-stallation commander determines relevant for consideration in the evaluation process. ‘‘(iv) A statement of objection or non-ob-jection. ‘‘(C) The installation commander’s rec-ommendation shall be incorporated into the Clearinghouse analysis and made a matter of permanent record. ‘‘(D) Any decision by the Clearinghouse that contradicts the installation commander recommendation shall be accompanied by a report addressing all the points made in the installation commander’s statement, and de-scribe how any impacts on pilot safety, training, military operations, and readiness will be prevented.’’. 
SA 942. Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Mr. P
ERDUE ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title I, add the following: 
SEC. lll. PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR RETIREMENT OF E–8 JSTARS AIRCRAFT. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON AVAILABLE OF FUNDS  
FORRETIREMENT .—No funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2018 for the Air Force may be obligated or expended to re-tire, prepare to retire, or place in storage or on backup aircraft inventory status any E–8 JSTARS aircraft. (b) ADDITIONAL LIMITATIONS ON RETIRE -
MENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In addition to the limita-tion in subsection (a), during the period be-fore December 31, 2018, the Secretary of the Air Force may not retire, prepare to retire, or place in storage or on backup flying sta-tus any E–8 JSTARS aircraft. (2) M
INIMUM INVENTORY REQUIREMENT .—The Secretary of the Air Force shall ensure the Air Force maintains the entire current fleet of E–8 aircraft as primary mission aircraft inventory. (c) P
ROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS  
FOR SIGNIFICANT REDUCTIONS IN MANNING  L
EVELS .—No funds authorized to be appro-priated by this Act of otherwise made avail-able for fiscal year 2018 for the Air Force may be obligated or expended to make sig-nificant reductions to manning levels with respect to any E–8 JSTARS aircraft wing or squadron. (d) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATION ON SIGNIFICANT  R
EDUCTIONS IN MANNING LEVELS .—In addi- tion to the limitation in subsection (c), dur-ing the period before December 31, 2018, the Secretary of the Air Force may not make significant reductions to manning levels with respect to any E–8 JSTARS wing or squadron. 
SEC. ll. REQUIREMENT FOR CONTINUATION OF E–8 JSTARS RECAPITALIZATION PROGRAM. 
The Secretary of the Air Force shall con-tinue the current recapitalization plan for the E–8C JSTARS fleet until the Secretary of Defense certifies that a new approach would not result in increased capability gaps in Battlefield Management, Command and Control/Intelligence, Surveillance, and Re-connaissance (BMC2/ISR). 
SA 943. Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Mr. P
ERDUE ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XXVIII, add the following: 
SEC. ll. JOINT USE OF DOBBINS AIR RESERVE BASE, MARIETTA, GEORGIA, WITH CIVIL AVIATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Air Force may enter into an agreement that would provide or permit the joint use of Dob-bins Air Reserve Base, Marietta, Georgia, by the Air Force and civil aircraft. (b) C
ONFORMING REPEAL .—Section 312 of the National Defense Authorization Act, Fis-cal Year 1989 (Public Law 100–456; 102 Stat. 1950) is hereby repealed. 
SA 944. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title VI, add the following: SEC. lll. ELEMENT IN NEXT QUADRENNIAL RE-VIEW OF MILITARY COMPENSATION ON VALUE ASSIGNED BY MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES TO VARIOUS ASPECTS OF MILITARY COMPENSA-TION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall en-sure that the first quadrennial review of the principals and concepts of the compensation system for members of the uniformed serv-ices under section 1008(b) of title 37, United States Code, after the date of the enactment of this Act includes a review of the compara-tive value members of the Armed Forces as-sign to various aspects of military com-pensation, including immediate and deferred cash compensation and in-kind compensa-tion. (b) S
URVEYS .—The review required by sub-section (a) shall be based on an analysis of one or more surveys, conducted for purposes of the review, of representative populations of members of the Armed Forces, including regular members of the Armed Forces and members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces. (c) I
NCLUSION IN REPORT .—The President shall include the results of the review re-quired by subsection (a) in the first report submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1008(b) of title 37, after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SA 945. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title X, add the following: 
SEC. lll. INFORMATION ON DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FUNDING IN DEPARTMENT PRESS RELEASES AND RELATED PUBLIC STATEMENTS ON PRO-GRAMS, PROJECTS, AND ACTIVITIES FUNDED BY THE DEPARTMENT. 
(a) I NFORMATION REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 134 of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed by inserting after section 2257 the fol-lowing new section: ‘‘§ 2258. Department of Defense press releases and related public statements on Depart-ment funded programs, projects, and activi-ties ‘‘Any press release, statement, or other document issued to the public by the Depart-ment of Defense that describes a program, project, or activity funded, whether in whole or in part, by amounts provided by the De-partment, including any project, project, or activity of a foreign, State, or local govern-ment, shall clearly state the following: ‘‘(1) That the program, project, or activity is funded, in whole or in part (as applicable), by funds provided by the Department. ‘‘(2) An estimate of the amount of funding from the Department that the program, project, or activity currently receives.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter II of chapter 134 of such title is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 2257 the following new item: ‘‘2258. Department of Defense press releases and related public statements on Department funded pro-grams, projects, and activi-ties.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.027 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5222 September 12, 2017 
date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to programs, projects, and activities funded by the Department of De-fense with amounts authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal years after fiscal year 2018. 
SA 946. Mr. MORAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title III, add the following: 
SEC. lll. PROHIBITION ON TRANSFER OF THE TOOLS AND EQUIPMENT OF THE AD-VANCED TURBINE ENGINE ARMY MAINTENANCE OF THE ARMY NA-TIONAL GUARD. 
No action may be taken to reduce the ca-pability of, or to eliminate or transfer the tools and equipment of, the Advanced Tur-bine Engine Army Maintenance (ATEAM) of the Army National Guard until the Sec-retary of Defense certifies each of the fol-lowing: (1) That Advanced Turbine Engine Army Maintenance capabilities relating to the ca-pability do not result in any cost avoidance or savings to the Department of Defense. (2) That there is no existing or anticipated requirement for Advanced Turbine Engine Army Maintenance technical expertise and capabilities among any Armed Force or the militaries of United States allies (through the Foreign Military Sales program) that cannot be done by another capability in the Department of Defense. (3) That there is no existing or anticipated requirement to support and maintain readi-ness of any unit of the Armed Forces, includ-ing Army National Guard units in the Idaho, Kansas, Minnesota, Mississippi, Montana, Nevada, North Carolina, Ohio, Oregon, Penn-sylvania, South Carolina, and Tennessee, or any other unit of the Army National Guard under the control of a State, that may re-quire the capabilities of the Advanced Tur-bine Engine Army Maintenance for on-site repair or field support during training events or otherwise that cannot be done by another capability in the Department. 
SA 947. Mr. MORAN (for himself and Mr. R
OBERTS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title X, add the following: 
SEC. lll. ARMY MILITARY VALUE ANALYSIS MODEL. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress finds that the Mili-tary Value Analysis model of the Army has been a key determinant for the force struc-ture and strategic basing decisions of the Army in recent years. (b) B
RIEFING .—The Secretary of the Army shall, pending the submittal of the report re-quired by subsection (c), provide the congres-sional defense committees a briefing on the preliminary findings of a force structure and basing decision for the Army not later than 60 days before making a formal or final deci-sion on such force structure and basing. (c) REPORT ON UPDATED MODEL .— (1) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report set-ting forth an update of the Military Value Analysis model of the Army. (2) R
EVIEW .—The Secretary shall update the Military Value Analysis model for pur-poses of the report required by paragraph (1) following a review undertaken by the Sec-retary for purposes of the update. The review and update shall address and appropriately incorporate the following: (A) Qualitative and quantitative criteria and sub-criteria to be used for force struc-ture and strategic basing decisions, includ-ing quantitative and qualitative measures on the average daily use of, and accessibility to, maneuver training acreage. (B) Deployment criteria using a measure of the time required to deploy a unit of action from its home installation to its deployment site, including the transportation of unit personnel by military aircraft, and transpor-tation of the commonly defined set of unit equipment to its designated out-port for de-ployment. (d) S
CORING DATA FOR FORCE STRUCTURE  
ANDMAJOR BASING DECISIONS .—After making a force structure or major basing decision for the Army, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the scoring data developed pur-suant to the Military Value Analysis model of the Army with respect to each military installation considered for purposes of the decision. 
SA 948. Mr. MORAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XVI, add the following: 
SEC. 1630C. NATIONAL GUARD BUREAU PUBLIC- PRIVATE CYBER-SECURITY COALI-TION. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the Na-tional Guard Bureau shall establish region-ally focused coalitions, tasked with creating cross-functional partnerships and strategies to coordinate and share information among local, regional, and national entities, both public and private, in order to protect vital assets in the cyber realm. (2) B
LENDING SKILL SETS .—The coalitions established under paragraph (1) shall seek to create partnerships described in such para-graph that blend divergent skill sets to col-laborate on joint defense of public and pri-vate systems that each face cyber assault. (3) C
OORDINATION , COOPERATION , AND 
SHARED ANALYSIS .—Such partnerships shall address threats equally shared among the en-tities participating in the partnerships through local coordination, shared coopera-tion, and shared analysis across the over-arching cyber defense network. (b) G
OAL.—The goal of the coalitions estab-lished under subsection (a) is to coordinate National Guard State cyber protection as-sets and to collaborate with locally based Federal agencies and private industry stake-holders in order to broaden the collective in-tellectual capital, to strengthen active par-ticipation and sharing of information, to in-tegrate new threat mitigation strategies, and to grow the cyber network through shared experience. (c) DUTIES .—The coalitions established under subsection (a) shall carry out the fol-lowing: (1) Development of a framework for the conduct by relevant public and private cyber-enabled entities, while coordinating with regional assets of the Department of Homeland Security, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the National Security Agency, and the Department of Defense, as appro-priate. (2) Dissemination of common operating paradigms across relevant organizations specified in paragraph (1) to promote active participation in a shared goal of national asset protection through a regionally fo-cused coalitions. (3) Collection across local entities for con-solidating, packaging, and sharing data to the Department of Defense, intelligence agencies, or relevant organizations for anal-ysis. (4) Using already established State fusion center partnerships as a template, the Na-tional Guard shall assess individual State cyber assets and capabilities currently col-laborating with local agencies and private industry for proper synchronization in the cyber and critical infrastructure realms as a bridge for cooperation with Federal defense agencies writ large. (d) H
EAD OF CROSS-FUNCTIONAL TASK.—The Director of the National Guard Bureau shall appoint as the head of each coalition estab-lished under subsection (a) such individual as the Director considers appropriate from among individuals serving in the region of interest a State adjutant general. In cases where regional priorities overlap, the adju-tant generals for States involved will co- chair the coalition. (e) P
ERIODIC STATUS REPORTS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and not less frequently than once every 180 days thereafter until the date that is three years after the date of such sub-mittal, the Director shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report de-scribing the status of the efforts of the Di-rector to carry out this section and the ef-forts of the coalitions to carry out sub-section (c). 
SA 949. Mr. MORAN (for himself, Mr. U
DALL , Mr. D AINES , and Mr. W ARNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title X, add the following: Subtitle H—Modernizing Government Technology 
SEC. 1091. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Modern-izing Government Technology Act of 2017’’ or the ‘‘MGT Act’’. 
SEC. 1092. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the Administrator of General Services. (2) B
OARD .—The term ‘‘Board’’ means the Technology Modernization Board established under section 1094(c)(1). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.028 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5223 September 12, 2017 
(3) C LOUD COMPUTING .—The term ‘‘cloud computing’’ has the meaning given the term by the National Institute of Standards and Technology in NIST Special Publication 800– 145 and any amendatory or superseding docu-ment thereto. (4) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. (5) F
UND.—The term ‘‘Fund’’ means the Technology Modernization Fund established under section 1094(b)(1). (6) I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘‘information technology’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3502 of title 44, United States Code. (7) IT 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND .—The term ‘‘IT working capital fund’’ means an infor-mation technology system modernization and working capital fund established under section 1093(b)(1). (8) L
EGACY INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYS -
TEM.—The term ‘‘legacy information tech-nology system’’ means an outdated or obso-lete system of information technology. 
SEC. 1093. ESTABLISHMENT OF AGENCY INFOR-MATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS MODERNIZATION AND WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered agency’’ means each agency listed in section 901(b) of title 31, United States Code. (b) I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEM MOD-
ERNIZATION AND WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The head of a covered agency may establish within the covered agency an information technology system modernization and working capital fund for necessary expenses described in paragraph (3). (2) S
OURCE OF FUNDS .—The following amounts may be deposited into an IT work-ing capital fund: (A) Reprogramming and transfer of funds made available in appropriations Acts en-acted after the date of enactment of this Act, including the transfer of any funds for the operation and maintenance of legacy in-formation technology systems, in compli-ance with any applicable statutory transfer authority or reprogramming law or guide-lines of the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives or transfer authority specifically provided in appropriations law as in effect on the day be-fore the date of enactment of this Act. (B) Amounts made available to the IT working capital fund through discretionary appropriations made available after the date of enactment of this Act. (3) U
SE OF FUNDS .—An IT working capital fund established under paragraph (1) may only be used— (A) to improve, retire, or replace existing information technology systems in the cov-ered agency to enhance cybersecurity and to improve efficiency and effectiveness across the life of a given workload, procured using full and open competition among all com-mercial items to the greatest extent prac-ticable; (B) to transition legacy information tech-nology systems at the covered agency to commercial cloud computing and other inno-vative commercial platforms and tech-nologies, including those serving more than 1 covered agency with common requirements; (C) to assist and support covered agency ef-forts to provide adequate, risk-based, and cost-effective information technology capa-bilities that address evolving threats to in-formation security; and (D) to reimburse funds transferred to the covered agency from the Fund with the ap-proval of the Chief Information Officer, in consultation with the Chief Financial Offi-cer, of the covered agency. (4) EXISTING FUNDS .—An IT working capital fund may not be used to supplant funds pro-vided for the operation and maintenance of any system within an appropriation for the covered agency at the time of establishment of the IT working capital fund. (5) P
RIORITIZATION OF FUNDS .—The head of each covered agency— (A) shall prioritize funds within the IT working capital fund of the covered agency to be used initially for cost savings activities approved by the Chief Information Officer of the covered agency; and (B) may reprogram and transfer any amounts saved as a direct result of the cost savings activities approved under clause (i) for deposit into the IT working capital fund of the covered agency, consistent with para-graph (2)(A). (6) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Any funds deposited into an IT working capital fund shall be available for obligation for the 3-year period beginning on the last day of the fiscal year in which the funds were deposited. (B) T
RANSFER OF UNOBLIGATED AMOUNTS .— Any amounts in an IT working capital fund that are unobligated at the end of the 3-year period described in subparagraph (A) shall be transferred to the general fund of the Treas-ury. (7) A
GENCY CIO RESPONSIBILITIES .—In evalu- ating projects to be funded by the IT work-ing capital fund of a covered agency, the Chief Information Officer of the covered agency shall consider, to the extent applica-ble, guidance issued under section 1094(b)(1) to evaluate applications for funding from the Fund that include factors including a strong business case, technical design, consider-ation of commercial off-the-shelf products and services, procurement strategy (includ-ing adequate use of rapid, iterative software development practices), and program man-agement. (c) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and every 6 months thereafter, the head of each cov-ered agency shall submit to the Director, with respect to the IT working capital fund of the covered agency— (A) a list of each information technology investment funded, including the estimated cost and completion date for each invest-ment; and (B) a summary by fiscal year of obliga-tions, expenditures, and unused balances. (2) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Director shall make the information submitted under paragraph (1) publicly available on a website. 
SEC. 1094. ESTABLISHMENT OF TECHNOLOGY MODERNIZATION FUND AND BOARD. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘agency’’ has the meaning given the term in section 551 of title 5, United States Code. (b) T
ECHNOLOGY MODERNIZATION FUND.— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Treasury a Technology Modernization Fund for technology-related activities, to improve information technology, to enhance cybersecurity across the Federal Govern-ment, and to be administered in accordance with guidance issued by the Director. (2) A
DMINISTRATION OF FUND .—The Admin-istrator, in consultation with the Chief In-formation Officers Council and with the ap-proval of the Director, shall administer the Fund in accordance with this subsection. (3) U
SE OF FUNDS .—The Administrator shall, in accordance with recommendations from the Board, use amounts in the Fund— (A) to transfer such amounts, to remain available until expended, to the head of an agency for the acquisition of products and services, or the development of such prod-ucts and services when more efficient and cost effective, to improve, retire, or replace existing Federal information technology sys-tems to enhance cybersecurity and privacy and improve long-term efficiency and effec-tiveness; (B) to transfer such amounts, to remain available until expended, to the head of an agency for the operation and procurement of information technology products and serv-ices, or the development of such products and services when more efficient and cost ef-fective, and acquisition vehicles for use by agencies to improve Governmentwide effi-ciency and cybersecurity in accordance with the requirements of the agencies; and (C) to provide services or work performed in support of— (i) the activities described in subparagraph (A) or (B); and (ii) the Board and the Director in carrying out the responsibilities described in sub-section (c)(2). (4) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS ; 
CREDITS ; AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS .— (A) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Fund $250,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019. (B) C
REDITS .—In addition to any funds oth-erwise appropriated, the Fund shall be cred-ited with all reimbursements, advances, or refunds or recoveries relating to information technology or services provided for the pur-poses described in paragraph (3). (C) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Amounts de-posited, credited, or otherwise made avail-able to the Fund shall be available until ex-pended for the purposes described in para-graph (3). (5) R
EIMBURSEMENT .— (A) R
EIMBURSEMENT BY AGENCY .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The head of an agency shall reimburse the Fund for any transfer made under subparagraph (A) or (B) of para-graph (3), including any services or work per-formed in support of the transfer under para-graph (3)(C), in accordance with the terms established in a written agreement described in paragraph (6). (ii) R
EIMBURSEMENT FROM SUBSEQUENT AP -
PROPRIATIONS .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, an agency may make a re-imbursement required under clause (i) from any appropriation made available after the date of enactment of this Act for informa-tion technology activities, consistent with any applicable reprogramming law or guide-lines of the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives as in effect on the day before the date of en-actment of this Act. (iii) R
ECORDING OF OBLIGATION .—Notwith- standing section 1501 of title 31, United States Code, an obligation to make a pay-ment under a written agreement described in paragraph (6) in a fiscal year after the date of enactment of this Act shall be recorded in the fiscal year in which the payment is due. (B) P
RICES FIXED BY ADMINISTRATOR .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator, in consultation with the Director, shall estab-lish amounts to be paid by an agency under this paragraph and the terms of repayment for activities funded under paragraph (3), in-cluding any services or work performed in support of that development under para-graph (3)(C), at levels sufficient to ensure the solvency of the Fund, including operating ex-penses. (ii) R
EVIEW AND APPROVAL .—Before making any changes to the established amounts and terms of repayment, the Administrator shall conduct a review and obtain approval from the Director. (C) F
AILURE TO MAKE TIMELY REIMBURSE -
MENT .—The Administrator may obtain reim-bursement from an agency under this para-graph by the issuance of transfer and counterwarrants, or other lawful transfer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.030 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5224 September 12, 2017 
documents, supported by itemized bills, if payment is not made by the agency during the 90-day period beginning after the expira-tion of a repayment period described in a written agreement described in paragraph (6). (6) W
RITTEN AGREEMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Before the transfer of funds to an agency under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (3), the Administrator, in consultation with the Director, and the head of the agency shall enter into a written agreement— (i) documenting the purpose for which the funds will be used and the terms of repay-ment, which may not exceed 5 years unless approved by the Director; and (ii) which shall be recorded as an obliga-tion as provided in paragraph (5)(A). (B) R
EQUIREMENT FOR USE OF INCREMENTAL  
FUNDING , COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND SERV -
ICES, AND RAPID , ITERATIVE DEVELOPMENT  
PRACTICES .—The Administrator shall en-sure— (i) for any funds transferred to an agency under paragraph (3)(A), in the absence of compelling circumstances documented by the Administrator at the time of transfer, that such funds shall be transferred only on an incremental basis, tied to metric-based development milestones achieved by the agency through the use of rapid, iterative, development processes; and (ii) that the use of commercial products and services are incorporated to the greatest extent practicable in activities funded under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (3), and that the written agreement required under paragraph (6) documents this pref-erence. (7) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .— (A) L
IST OF PROJECTS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director shall maintain a list of each project funded by the Fund, to be updated not less than quarterly, that includes a description of the project, project status (including any schedule delay and cost overruns), financial expenditure data related to the project, and the extent to which the project is using com-mercial products and services, including if applicable, a justification of why commercial products and services were not used and the associated development and integration costs of custom development. (ii) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The list required under clause (i) shall be published on a pub-lic website in a manner that is, to the great-est extent possible, consistent with applica-ble law on the protection of classified infor-mation, sources, and methods. (B) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORTS .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enact-ment of this Act, and every 2 years there-after, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress and make publically available a report assessing— (i) the costs associated with establishing the Fund and maintaining the oversight structure associated with the Fund com-pared with the cost savings associated with the projects funded both annually and over the life of the acquired products and services by the Fund; (ii) the reliability of the cost savings esti-mated by agencies associated with projects funded by the Fund; (iii) whether agencies receiving transfers of funds from the Fund used full and open competition to acquire the custom develop-ment of information technology products or services; and (iv) the number of IT procurement, devel-opment, and modernization programs, of-fices, and entities in the Federal Govern-ment, including 18F and the United States Digital Services, the roles, responsibilities, and goals of those programs and entities, and the extent to which they duplicate work. (c) TECHNOLOGY MODERNIZATION BOARD .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a Technology Modernization Board to evaluate proposals submitted by agencies for funding authorized under the Fund. (2) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The responsibilities of the Board are— (A) to provide input to the Director for the development of processes for agencies to sub-mit modernization proposals to the Board and to establish the criteria by which those proposals are evaluated, which shall in-clude— (i) addressing the greatest security, pri-vacy, and operational risks; (ii) having the greatest Governmentwide impact; and (iii) having a high probability of success based on factors including a strong business case, technical design, consideration of com-mercial off-the-shelf products and services, procurement strategy (including adequate use of rapid, agile iterative software develop-ment practices), and program management; (B) to make recommendations to the Ad-ministrator to assist agencies in the further development and refinement of select sub-mitted modernization proposals, based on an initial evaluation performed with the assist-ance of the Administrator; (C) to review and prioritize, with the as-sistance of the Administrator and the Direc-tor, modernization proposals based on cri-teria established pursuant to subparagraph (A); (D) to identify, with the assistance of the Administrator, opportunities to improve or replace multiple information technology sys-tems with a smaller number of information technology services common to multiple agencies; (E) to recommend the funding of mod-ernization projects, in accordance with the uses described in subsection (b)(3), to the Ad-ministrator; (F) to monitor, in consultation with the Administrator, progress and performance in executing approved projects and, if nec-essary, recommend the suspension or termi-nation of funding for projects based on fac-tors including the failure to meet the terms of a written agreement described in sub-section (b)(6); and (G) to monitor the operating costs of the Fund. (3) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Board shall consist of 7 voting members. (4) C
HAIR.—The Chair of the Board shall be the Administrator of the Office of Electronic Government. (5) P
ERMANENT MEMBERS .—The permanent members of the Board shall be— (A) the Administrator of the Office of Elec-tronic Government; and (B) a senior official from the General Serv-ices Administration having technical exper-tise in information technology development, appointed by the Administrator, with the ap-proval of the Director. (6) A
DDITIONAL MEMBERS OF THE BOARD .— (A) A
PPOINTMENT .—The other members of the Board shall be— (i) 1 employee of the National Protection and Programs Directorate of the Department of Homeland Security, appointed by the Sec-retary of Homeland Security; and (ii) 4 employees of the Federal Government primarily having technical expertise in in-formation technology development, financial management, cybersecurity and privacy, and acquisition, appointed by the Director. (B) T
ERM.—Each member of the Board de-scribed in paragraph (A) shall serve a term of 1 year, which shall be renewable not more than 4 times at the discretion of the appoint-ing Secretary or Director, as applicable. (7) PROHIBITION ON COMPENSATION .—Mem- bers of the Board may not receive additional pay, allowances, or benefits by reason of their service on the Board. (8) S
TAFF .—Upon request of the Chair of the Board, the Director and the Adminis-trator may detail, on a reimbursable or non-reimbursable basis, any employee of the Fed-eral Government to the Board to assist the Board in carrying out the functions of the Board. (d) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF ADMINISTRATOR .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In addition to the respon-sibilities described in subsection (b), the Ad-ministrator shall support the activities of the Board and provide technical support to, and, with the concurrence of the Director, oversight of, agencies that receive transfers from the Fund. (2) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The responsibilities of the Administrator are— (A) to provide direct technical support in the form of personnel services or otherwise to agencies transferred amounts under sub-section (b)(3)(A) and for products, services, and acquisition vehicles funded under sub-section (b)(3)(B); (B) to assist the Board with the evaluation, prioritization, and development of agency modernization proposals. (C) to perform regular project oversight and monitoring of approved agency mod-ernization projects, in consultation with the Board and the Director, to increase the like-lihood of successful implementation and re-duce waste; and (D) to provide the Director with informa-tion necessary to meet the requirements of subsection (b)(7). (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall take effect on the date that is 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act. (f) S
UNSET .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—On and after the date that is 2 years after the date on which the Comp-troller General of the United States issues the third report required under subsection (b)(7)(B), the Administrator may not award or transfer funds from the Fund for any project that is not already in progress as of such date. (2) T
RANSFER OF UNOBLIGATED AMOUNTS .— Not later than 90 days after the date on which all projects that received an award from the Fund are completed, any amounts in the Fund shall be transferred to the gen-eral fund of the Treasury and shall be used for deficit reduction. (3) T
ERMINATION OF TECHNOLOGY MOD -
ERNIZATION BOARD .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which all projects that re-ceived an award from the Fund are com-pleted, the Technology Modernization Board and all the authorities of subsection (c) shall terminate. 
SA 950. Mr. PETERS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title I, add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.030 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5225 September 12, 2017 
SEC. ll. AUTHORITY TO INCREASE PRIMARY AIRCRAFT AUTHORIZATION OF AIR FORCE AND AIR NATIONAL GUARD A–10 AIRCRAFT UNITS FOR PUR-POSES OF FACILITATING A–10 CON-VERSION. 
In the event that conversion of an A–10 air-craft unit is in the best interest of a long- term Air Force mission, the Secretary of the Air Force may increase the Primary Aircraft Authorization of Air Force Reserve or Air National Guard A–10 units to 24 aircraft to facilitate such conversion. 
SA 951. Mr. STRANGE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 99, line 21, insert after ‘‘M–1 Ga-rand,’’ the following: ‘‘M–1 Carbine,’’. 
SA 952. Mr. STRANGE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 564, line 11, insert after ‘‘less’’ the following: ‘‘expenses for shipping, securing, inspecting, gunsmithing, cleaning, test-fir-ing, marketing, and sales and other’’. 
SA 953. Mr. THUNE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 338. REPORT ON OPTIMIZATION OF TRAIN-ING IN AND MANAGEMENT OF SPE-CIAL USE AIRSPACE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Bases, Ranges, and Air-space Directorate of the Air Force shall, in consultation with the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration, submit to Congress a report on optimization of train-ing in and management of special use air-space that includes the following: (1) Best practices for the management of special use airspace including such practices that— (A) result in cost savings relating to train-ing; (B) increase training opportunities for air-men; (C) increase joint use of such airspace; (D) improve coordination with respect to such airspace with— (i) the Federal Aviation Administration; (ii) Indian tribes; and (iii) private landowners and other stake-holders; or (E) improve the coordination of large force exercises, including the use of waivers or other exceptional measures. (2) An assessment of whether the capacity of ranges, including limitations on flight op-erations, is adequate to meet current and fu-ture training needs. (3) An assessment of whether the establish-ment of a dedicated squadron for the purpose of coordinating the use of a special use air-space at the installation located in that air-space would improve the achievement of the objectives described in subparagraphs (A) through (E) of paragraph (1). (4) Recommendations for improving the management and utilization of special use airspace to meet the objectives described in subparagraphs (A) through (E) of paragraph (1) and to address any gaps in capacity iden-tified under paragraph (2). (b) SPECIAL USEAIRSPACE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘special use airspace’’ means special use airspace designated under part 73 of title 14, Code of Federal Regula-tions. 
SA 954. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title X, add the following: 
SEC. lll. ENHANCEMENT OF ECONOMICAL AND EFFICIENT OPERATION OF WORK-ING CAPITAL FUND ACTIVITIES. 
Section 2208(e) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ after ‘‘(e)’’ ; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) The accomplishment of the most eco-nomical and efficient organization and oper-ation of working capital fund activities for the purposes of paragraph (1) shall include actions toward the following: ‘‘(A) Implementation of a workload plan that optimizes the efficiency of the work-force operating within a working capital fund activity and reduces the rate structure. ‘‘(B) Encouragement for a working capital fund activity to perform reimbursable work for other entities to sustain the efficient use of the workforce. ‘‘(C) Unless otherwise impracticable, dele-gation of the approval process for the accept-ance of work from other entities to the local command executive director of a working capital fund activity.’’. 
SA 955. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 504, add the fol-lowing: (c) D
EPUTY JUDGE ADVOCATE OF THE AIR F
ORCE .—Section 8037(e) of such title is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ after ‘‘(e)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) If the Secretary of the Air Force elects to convene a selection board under section 611(a) of this title to consider eligible offi-cers for selection to appointment as Deputy Judge Advocate General, the Secretary may, in connection with such consideration for se-lection— ‘‘(A) treat any section in chapter 36 of this title referring to promotion to the next high-er grade as if such section referred to pro-motion to a higher grade; and ‘‘(B) waive section 619(a)(2) of this title if the Secretary determines that the needs of the Air Force require the waiver.’’. SA 956. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title XXVI, in-sert the following: 
SEC. ll. CONSTRUCTION OF NATIONAL GUARD READINESS CENTER AT JOINT BASE CHARLESTON, SOUTH CAROLINA. 
The Secretary of the Army may construct a National Guard readiness center at Joint Base Charleston, South Carolina. 
SA 957. Mr. GRAHAM (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 184, between lines 20 and 21, insert the following: (4) To provide workforce training, in co-ordination with junior, community or tech-nical colleges in the vicinity of the locations of the pilot program, private industry, and nonprofit organizations, for members of the Armed Forces participating in the pilot pro-gram to transition to jobs in the clean en-ergy industry, including cyber and grid secu-rity, natural gas, solar, wind, and geo-thermal fields. 
SA 958. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 184, line 2, strike ‘‘satisfiable’’ and insert ‘‘fulfilled’’. On page 184, line 7, insert ‘‘available pre- employment testing and’’ after ‘‘identify gaps in the’’. On page 184, line 13, insert ‘‘testing or’’ after ‘‘receive’’. On page 187, line 14, insert ‘‘public and pri-vate’’ after ‘‘using existing’’. On page 188, line 17, insert before the semi-colon the following: ‘‘, and to determine the pre-employment testing that could be read-ily added to veterans workforce training pro-grams to assist in that effort’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.031 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5226 September 12, 2017 
On page 189, line 7, insert ‘‘pre-employment testing,’’ after ‘‘credentials,’’. On page 191, line 2, insert ‘‘or pre-employ-ment testing’’ after ‘‘additional training’’. On page 191, line 5, insert before the semi-colon the following: ‘‘or testing’’. On page 191, line 8, insert before the period the following: ‘‘, including any cost borne by private entities’’. 
SA 959. Mr. REED submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title IX, add the following: 
SEC. lll. REPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION OF REQUIREMENTS IN CONNECTION WITH THE ORGANIZATION OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FOR MANAGEMENT OF SPECIAL OPER-ATIONS FORCES AND SPECIAL OPER-ATIONS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the implementation of section 922 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2354) and the amendments made by that section (in this section collectively re-ferred to as the ‘‘covered authority’’). (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) A statement of the responsibilities of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Spe-cial Operations and Low Intensity Conflict that is consistent with the covered author-ity, including an identification of any re-sponsibilities to be divested by the Assistant Secretary pursuant to the covered authority. (2) A resource-unconstrained analysis of manpower requirements necessary to satisfy the responsibilities akin to those of the Sec-retary of a military department that are specified by the covered authority. (3) An accounting of civilian, military, and contractor personnel currently assigned to the fulfillment of the responsibilities akin to those of the Secretary of a military depart-ment that are specified by the covered au-thority, including responsibilities relating to budget, personnel, programs and require-ments, acquisition, and special access pro-grams. (4) A description of actions taken to imple-ment the covered authority as of the date of the report, including the assignment of any additional civilian, military, or contractor personnel to fulfill additional responsibil-ities akin to those of the Secretary of a mili-tary department that are specified by the covered authority. (5) An explanation how the responsibilities akin to those of the Secretary of a military department that assigned to the Assistant Secretary by the covered authority will be fulfilled in the absence of additional per-sonnel being assigned to the office of the As-sistant Secretary. (6) Any other matters the Secretary con-siders appropriate. 
SA 960. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1088. RESEARCH ON CAUSAL RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN VIETNAM ERA EXPOSURES AND BILE DUCT CANCER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs, shall seek to enter into an agreement with the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine under which the National Academies conduct epi-demiological research to determine whether there is a causal relationship between expo-sure described in subsection (b) and bile duct cancer. (b) E
XPOSURE DESCRIBED .—Exposure de-scribed in this subsection is exposure to— (1) the range of phenoxy herbicides known to be present in Vietnam and the greater Southeast Asia region (Agent Blue, Orange, Pink, or White); or (2) liver fluke. (c) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If research conducted under subsection (a) indicates that there is at least suggestive evidence of causality be-tween an exposure described in subsection (b) and bile duct cancer, the National Academies shall recommend to the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs, not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, that a pre-sumption of service-connection be estab-lished for bile duct cancer for purposes of health care and other benefits furnished to Vietnam era veterans under the laws admin-istered by the Secretary. (2) T
RANSMITTAL TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 30 days after receiving recommenda-tions under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall transmit those rec-ommendations to Congress. (d) V
IETNAM ERADEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Vietnam era’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101 of title 38, United States Code. 
SA 961. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the following: 
SEC. ll. BRIEFING ON PLANS TO DEVELOP AND IMPROVE ADDITIVE MANUFAC-TURING CAPABILITIES. 
Not later than December 1, 2017, the Sec-retary of Defense shall brief the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives on the Depart-ment’s plans to develop and improve additive manufacturing, including the Department’s plans to— (1) develop military and quality assurance standards as quickly as possible; (2) leverage current manufacturing insti-tutes to conduct research in the validation of quality standards for additive manufac-tured parts; and (3) further integrate additive manufac-turing capabilities and capacity into the De-partment’s organic depots, arsenals, and shipyards. SA 962. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part I of subtitle F of title V, add the following: 
SEC. ll. EDUCATIONAL OPPORTUNITIES FOR MILITARY CHILDREN IN SCIENCE, TECHNOLOGY, ENGINEERING, AND MATHEMATICS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The United States military is keenly aware of the need to support the families of those who serve our country. (2) Military children face unique chal-lenges in educational achievement due to frequent changes of station by, deployments by, and even injuries to their parents. (3) Investing in quality education opportu-nities for all military children from cradle to career ensures parents are able to stay fo-cused on the mission, and children are able to benefit from consistent relationships with caring teachers who support their early learning so they can be ready to excel in school. (4) Investing in early learning for military children is an important element in a com-prehensive strategy for ensuring a smart, skilled, and committed future national secu-rity workforce. (5) To strengthen the global standing and military might of the United States, tech-nology, and innovation, the Nation must continuously look for ways to strengthen early education of children in science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM). (b) G
UIDANCE .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall issue guidance to the Armed Forces in order to ensure the following: (1) The placement of a priority on sup-porting early learning in science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathematics for children who are served in Military Child De-velopment programs, at Department of De-fense schools, and schools serving large mili-tary child populations. (2) Support for efforts to ensure that teach-ers and other caregivers and staff serving military children have the training and skills necessary to implement instruction in science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics that provides the necessary founda-tion for future learning and educational achievement in such areas. (3) Training and curriculum specialists and other personnel who provide training and support to teachers of military children are sufficiently trained to support develop-mentally appropriate learning opportunities for such children in science, technology, en-gineering, and mathematics. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report setting forth the following: (1) A description and assessment of the progress made in improving educational op-portunities and achievement for military children in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics. (2) A description and assessment of efforts to implement the guidance issued under sub-section (b). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.032 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5227 September 12, 2017 
(d) I NDEPENDENT STUDY .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary should, in part-nership with the Secretaries of the military departments, conduct an independent eval-uation of efforts to strengthen teaching of military children in science, technology, en-gineering, and mathematics, including— (1) assessments of the impact of cur-riculum and education programs in such areas on student achievement; and (2) a comparison of the educational achievements of military children in such areas with the educational achievements of nonmilitary children in such areas. 
SA 963. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title X, add the following: 
SEC. lll. SENSE OF SENATE ON NAMING A DE-STROYER OF THE NAVY AFTER THE LATE PATRICK GALLAGHER, UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS. 
It is the sense of the Senate that the Sec-retary of the Navy should name an otherwise unnamed destroyer of the Navy on the Naval Vessel Register as of the date of the enact-ment of this Act, or an unnamed destroyer added to the Naval Vessel Register after that date, after the late Patrick Gallagher, United States Marine Corps, who was award-ed the Navy Cross. 
SA 964. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. lll. ADDITION OF DOMESTICALLY PRO-DUCED STAINLESS STEEL FLAT-WARE TO THE BERRY AMENDMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2533a(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) Stainless steel flatware.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Paragraph (3) of sec-tion 2533a(b) of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), shall apply with respect to contracts entered into after the date occurring one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 965. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title III, add the following: SEC. 322. REPORT ON RELEASE OF RADIUM OR RADIOACTIVE MATERIAL INTO THE GROUNDWATER NEAR THE INDUS-TRIAL RESERVE PLANT IN BETHPAGE, NEW YORK. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress an adden-dum to the report submitted to Congress in June 2017 entitled ‘‘2017 Annual Report For Groundwater Impacts at Naval Weapons In-dustrial Reserve Plant Bethpage, New York’’ that would detail any releases by the Depart-ment of Defense of radium or radioactive material into the groundwater within a 75- mile radius of the industrial reserve plant in Bethpage, New York. 
SA 966. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In the funding table in section 4301, in the item relating to Environmental Restoration, Navy, strike the amount in the Senate Au-thorized column and insert ‘‘$323,000,000’’. In the funding table in section 4301, in the item relating to Total Miscellaneous Appro-priations, strike the amount in the Senate Authorized column and insert ‘‘$1,494,291’’. In the funding table in section 4301, in the item relating to Total Operation & Mainte-nance, strike the amount in the Senate Au-thorized column and insert ‘‘$194,945,230’’. 
SA 967. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. ll. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, of the funds made available by this Act for Sustainment, Restoration, and Modernization, Defense-wide, not less than $20,000,000 shall be used by the Air Force and not less than $15,000,000 shall be used by the Navy for mitigation efforts by impacted National Guard installations to take actions that mitigate identified sources of polyfluoroalkyl substances at sites as a result of surveys conducted by the Air Force or the Navy (as the case may be) so as to re-store public confidence in potable water which may be affected in those sites. (b) Not later than December 31, 2017, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report de-scribing how the Secretary will allocate funds in accordance with subsection (a). 
SA 968. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for him-self and Mr. G
RASSLEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle D of title V, add the following: 
SEC. ll. BURDENS OF PROOF APPLICABLE TO INVESTIGATIONS AND REVIEWS RE-LATED TO PROTECTED COMMUNICA-TIONS OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND PROHIBITED RETALIA-TORY ACTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1034 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (i) and (j) as subsections (j) and (k), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (h) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(i) B
URDENS OF PROOF .—The burdens of proof specified in section 1221(e) of title 5 shall apply in any investigation conducted by an Inspector General under subsection (c) or (d), any review performed by a board for the correction of military records under sub-section (g), and any review conducted by the Secretary of Defense under subsection (h).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to allegations pending or submitted under section 1034 of title 10, United States Code, on or after that date. 
SA 969. Mr. RISCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XVI, add the following: 
SEC. 1641. MEASURES IN RESPONSE TO NON-COMPLIANCE OF RUSSIAN FEDERA-TION WITH OPEN SKIES TREATY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) In fiscal year 2017, the Department of Defense estimated that it would spend about $44,000,000 on the costs of implementation of the Open Skies Treaty. That includes main-taining and operating a fleet of two Open Skies OC-135 aircraft with accompanying fa-cilities, services, and sensors, training and deploying Air Force flight crews, planning and conducting 18 flights, including training and observation, training and deploying United States observers during Open Skies flights conducted by the Russian Federation over United States territory, acquisition and fielding of two digital visual imaging sys-tems digital electro-optical sensors, and more. (2) Lieutenant General Vincent Stewart, Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, stated in a hearing before the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representa-tives on February 3, 2015, ‘‘The Open Skies construct was designed for a different era. I am very concerned about how it’s applied today.’’. He stated in a hearing before the same committee on March 2, 2016, that the Open Skies Treaty gives the Russian Federa-tion ‘‘a significant advantage.’’ (3) In a letter to the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives in April 2015, Admiral Cecil Haney, then-com-mander of United States Strategic Com-mand, stated that, ‘‘The treaty has become a critical component of Russia’s intelligence collection capability directed at the United States. . . . In addition to overflying mili-tary installations, Russian Open Skies 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.033 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5228 September 12, 2017 
flights can overfly and collect on DoD and national security or national critical infra-structure.’’. (4) The report of the Department of State entitled ‘‘2017 Report on Adherence to and Compliance with Arms Control, Non-proliferation, and Disarmament Agreements and Commitments’’ expressed numerous con-cerns with the compliance of the Russian Federation with the Open Skies Treaty, in-cluding enforcing limits on flights over the Kaliningrad Oblast, denying flights near its border with the Georgian regions of South Ossetia and Abkhazia since 2010, and improp-erly applying the concept of ‘‘force majeure’’ to restrict flights over personnel movements of the Government of the Russian Federa-tion. The Russian Federation also improp-erly required Ukraine to pay in advance for its solo flights, which may provide grounds for Ukraine to make a determination of ma-terial breach. (5) In response to a question about the par-ticipation of the Russian Federation in the Open Skies Treaty before the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate on June 13, 2017, Secretary of Defense James Mattis stat-ed, ‘‘There certainly appear to be violations of it.’’. (b) L
IST OF LEGAL COUNTERMEASURES .—The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intelligence, shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees a list of legal countermeasures that— (1) are available to the Department of De-fense; (2) are compliant with the Open Skies Treaty; and (3) could be taken in response to the non-compliance of the Russian Federation with the Treaty. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (C) the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (2) O
PEN SKIES TREATY .—The term ‘‘Open Skies Treaty’’ means the Treaty on Open Skies, done at Helsinki March 24, 1992, and entered into force January 1, 2002. 
SA 970. Mr. RISCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XVI, add the following: 
SEC. 1641. MEASURES IN RESPONSE TO NON-COMPLIANCE OF RUSSIAN FEDERA-TION WITH OPEN SKIES TREATY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) In fiscal year 2017, the Department of Defense estimated that it would spend about $44,000,000 on the costs of implementation of the Open Skies Treaty. That includes main-taining and operating a fleet of two Open Skies OC-135 aircraft with accompanying fa-cilities, services, and sensors, training and deploying Air Force flight crews, planning and conducting 18 flights, including training and observation, training and deploying United States observers during Open Skies flights conducted by the Russian Federation over United States territory, acquisition and fielding of two digital visual imaging sys-tems digital electro-optical sensors, and more. (2) Lieutenant General Vincent Stewart, Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, stated in a hearing before the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representa-tives on February 3, 2015, ‘‘The Open Skies construct was designed for a different era. I am very concerned about how it’s applied today.’’. He stated in a hearing before the same committee on March 2, 2016, that the Open Skies Treaty gives the Russian Federa-tion ‘‘a significant advantage.’’ (3) In a letter to the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives in April 2015, Admiral Cecil Haney, then-com-mander of United States Strategic Com-mand, stated that, ‘‘The treaty has become a critical component of Russia’s intelligence collection capability directed at the United States. . . . In addition to overflying mili-tary installations, Russian Open Skies flights can overfly and collect on DoD and national security or national critical infra-structure.’’. (4) The report of the Department of State entitled ‘‘2017 Report on Adherence to and Compliance with Arms Control, Non-proliferation, and Disarmament Agreements and Commitments’’ expressed numerous con-cerns with the compliance of the Russian Federation with the Open Skies Treaty, in-cluding enforcing limits on flights over the Kaliningrad Oblast, denying flights near its border with the Georgian regions of South Ossetia and Abkhazia since 2010, and improp-erly applying the concept of ‘‘force majeure’’ to restrict flights over personnel movements of the Government of the Russian Federa-tion. The Russian Federation also improp-erly required Ukraine to pay in advance for its solo flights, which may provide grounds for Ukraine to make a determination of ma-terial breach. (5) In response to a question about the par-ticipation of the Russian Federation in the Open Skies Treaty before the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate on June 13, 2017, Secretary of Defense James Mattis stat-ed, ‘‘There certainly appear to be violations of it.’’. (b) LIST OF LEGAL COUNTERMEASURES .—The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intelligence, shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees a list of legal countermeasures that— (1) are available to the Department of De-fense; (2) are compliant with the Open Skies Treaty; and (3) could be taken in response to the non-compliance of the Russian Federation with the Treaty. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (C) the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (2) O
PEN SKIES TREATY .—The term ‘‘Open Skies Treaty’’ means the Treaty on Open Skies, done at Helsinki March 24, 1992, and entered into force January 1, 2002. 
SA 971. Mr. RISCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle D of title XVI, add the following: 
SEC. 1641. MEASURES IN RESPONSE TO NON-COMPLIANCE OF RUSSIAN FEDERA-TION WITH OPEN SKIES TREATY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) In fiscal year 2017, the Department of Defense estimated that it would spend about $44,000,000 on the costs of implementation of the Open Skies Treaty. That includes main-taining and operating a fleet of two Open Skies OC-135 aircraft with accompanying fa-cilities, services, and sensors, training and deploying Air Force flight crews, planning and conducting 18 flights, including training and observation, training and deploying United States observers during Open Skies flights conducted by the Russian Federation over United States territory, acquisition and fielding of two digital visual imaging sys-tems digital electro-optical sensors, and more. (2) Lieutenant General Vincent Stewart, Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, stated in a hearing before the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representa-tives on February 3, 2015, ‘‘The Open Skies construct was designed for a different era. I am very concerned about how it’s applied today.’’. He stated in a hearing before the same committee on March 2, 2016, that the Open Skies Treaty gives the Russian Federa-tion ‘‘a significant advantage.’’ (3) In a letter to the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives in April 2015, Admiral Cecil Haney, then-com-mander of United States Strategic Com-mand, stated that, ‘‘The treaty has become a critical component of Russia’s intelligence collection capability directed at the United States. . . . In addition to overflying mili-tary installations, Russian Open Skies flights can overfly and collect on DoD and national security or national critical infra-structure.’’. (4) The report of the Department of State entitled ‘‘2017 Report on Adherence to and Compliance with Arms Control, Non-proliferation, and Disarmament Agreements and Commitments’’ expressed numerous con-cerns with the compliance of the Russian Federation with the Open Skies Treaty, in-cluding enforcing limits on flights over the Kaliningrad Oblast, denying flights near its border with the Georgian regions of South Ossetia and Abkhazia since 2010, and improp-erly applying the concept of ‘‘force majeure’’ to restrict flights over personnel movements of the Government of the Russian Federa-tion. The Russian Federation also improp-erly required Ukraine to pay in advance for its solo flights, which may provide grounds for Ukraine to make a determination of ma-terial breach. (5) In response to a question about the par-ticipation of the Russian Federation in the Open Skies Treaty before the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate on June 13, 2017, Secretary of Defense James Mattis stat-ed, ‘‘There certainly appear to be violations of it.’’. (b) L
IST OF LEGAL COUNTERMEASURES .—The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intelligence, shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees a list of legal countermeasures that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.034 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5229 September 12, 2017 
(1) are available to the Department of De-fense; (2) are compliant with the Open Skies Treaty; and (3) could be taken in response to the non-compliance of the Russian Federation with the Treaty. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (C) the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (2) O
PEN SKIES TREATY .—The term ‘‘Open Skies Treaty’’ means the Treaty on Open Skies, done at Helsinki March 24, 1992, and entered into force January 1, 2002. 
SA 972. Mr. RISCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XVI, add the following: 
SEC. 1641. MEASURES IN RESPONSE TO NON-COMPLIANCE OF RUSSIAN FEDERA-TION WITH OPEN SKIES TREATY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) In fiscal year 2017, the Department of Defense estimated that it would spend about $44,000,000 on the costs of implementation of the Open Skies Treaty. That includes main-taining and operating a fleet of two Open Skies OC-135 aircraft with accompanying fa-cilities, services, and sensors, training and deploying Air Force flight crews, planning and conducting 18 flights, including training and observation, training and deploying United States observers during Open Skies flights conducted by the Russian Federation over United States territory, acquisition and fielding of two digital visual imaging sys-tems digital electro-optical sensors, and more. (2) Lieutenant General Vincent Stewart, Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, stated in a hearing before the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representa-tives on February 3, 2015, ‘‘The Open Skies construct was designed for a different era. I am very concerned about how it’s applied today.’’. He stated in a hearing before the same committee on March 2, 2016, that the Open Skies Treaty gives the Russian Federa-tion ‘‘a significant advantage.’’ (3) In a letter to the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives in April 2015, Admiral Cecil Haney, then-com-mander of United States Strategic Com-mand, stated that, ‘‘The treaty has become a critical component of Russia’s intelligence collection capability directed at the United States. . . . In addition to overflying mili-tary installations, Russian Open Skies flights can overfly and collect on DoD and national security or national critical infra-structure.’’. (4) The report of the Department of State entitled ‘‘2017 Report on Adherence to and Compliance with Arms Control, Non-proliferation, and Disarmament Agreements and Commitments’’ expressed numerous con-cerns with the compliance of the Russian Federation with the Open Skies Treaty, in-cluding enforcing limits on flights over the Kaliningrad Oblast, denying flights near its border with the Georgian regions of South Ossetia and Abkhazia since 2010, and improp-erly applying the concept of ‘‘force majeure’’ to restrict flights over personnel movements of the Government of the Russian Federa-tion. The Russian Federation also improp-erly required Ukraine to pay in advance for its solo flights, which may provide grounds for Ukraine to make a determination of ma-terial breach. (5) In response to a question about the par-ticipation of the Russian Federation in the Open Skies Treaty before the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate on June 13, 2017, Secretary of Defense James Mattis stat-ed, ‘‘There certainly appear to be violations of it.’’. (b) LIST OF LEGAL COUNTERMEASURES .—The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intelligence, shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees a list of legal countermeasures that— (1) are available to the Department of De-fense; (2) are compliant with the Open Skies Treaty; and (3) could be taken in response to the non-compliance of the Russian Federation with the Treaty. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (C) the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (2) O
PEN SKIES TREATY .—The term ‘‘Open Skies Treaty’’ means the Treaty on Open Skies, done at Helsinki March 24, 1992, and entered into force January 1, 2002. 
SA 973. Mr. RISCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XVI, add the following: 
SEC. 1641. MEASURES IN RESPONSE TO NON-COMPLIANCE OF RUSSIAN FEDERA-TION WITH OPEN SKIES TREATY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) In fiscal year 2017, the Department of Defense estimated that it would spend about $44,000,000 on the costs of implementation of the Open Skies Treaty. That includes main-taining and operating a fleet of two Open Skies OC-135 aircraft with accompanying fa-cilities, services, and sensors, training and deploying Air Force flight crews, planning and conducting 18 flights, including training and observation, training and deploying United States observers during Open Skies flights conducted by the Russian Federation over United States territory, acquisition and fielding of two digital visual imaging sys-tems digital electro-optical sensors, and more. (2) Lieutenant General Vincent Stewart, Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, stated in a hearing before the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representa-tives on February 3, 2015, ‘‘The Open Skies construct was designed for a different era. I am very concerned about how it’s applied today.’’. He stated in a hearing before the same committee on March 2, 2016, that the Open Skies Treaty gives the Russian Federa-tion ‘‘a significant advantage.’’ (3) In a letter to the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives in April 2015, Admiral Cecil Haney, then-com-mander of United States Strategic Com-mand, stated that, ‘‘The treaty has become a critical component of Russia’s intelligence collection capability directed at the United States. . . . In addition to overflying mili-tary installations, Russian Open Skies flights can overfly and collect on DoD and national security or national critical infra-structure.’’. (4) The report of the Department of State entitled ‘‘2017 Report on Adherence to and Compliance with Arms Control, Non-proliferation, and Disarmament Agreements and Commitments’’ expressed numerous con-cerns with the compliance of the Russian Federation with the Open Skies Treaty, in-cluding enforcing limits on flights over the Kaliningrad Oblast, denying flights near its border with the Georgian regions of South Ossetia and Abkhazia since 2010, and improp-erly applying the concept of ‘‘force majeure’’ to restrict flights over personnel movements of the Government of the Russian Federa-tion. The Russian Federation also improp-erly required Ukraine to pay in advance for its solo flights, which may provide grounds for Ukraine to make a determination of ma-terial breach. (5) In response to a question about the par-ticipation of the Russian Federation in the Open Skies Treaty before the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate on June 13, 2017, Secretary of Defense James Mattis stat-ed, ‘‘There certainly appear to be violations of it.’’. (b) LIST OF LEGAL COUNTERMEASURES .—The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intelligence, shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees a list of legal countermeasures that— (1) are available to the Department of De-fense; (2) are compliant with the Open Skies Treaty; and (3) could be taken in response to the non-compliance of the Russian Federation with the Treaty. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (C) the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (2) O
PEN SKIES TREATY .—The term ‘‘Open Skies Treaty’’ means the Treaty on Open Skies, done at Helsinki March 24, 1992, and entered into force January 1, 2002. 
SA 974. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. B
ROWN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.034 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5230 September 12, 2017 
year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title V, add the following: 
SEC. ll. ENROLLMENT OF CIVILIAN EMPLOY-EES OF THE HOMELAND SECURITY INDUSTRY IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE INSTITUTE OF TECH-NOLOGY. 
(a) E NROLLMENT AUTHORIZED .—Section 9314a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘and homeland security in-dustry employees’’ after ‘‘defense industry employees’’; (ii) by inserting ‘‘or homeland security in-dustry employee’’ after ‘‘defense industry employee’’; and (iii) by inserting ‘‘or homeland security-fo-cused’’ after ‘‘defense-focused’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘125 de-fense industry employees’’ and inserting ‘‘an aggregate of 125 defense industry employees and homeland security industry employees’’; and (C) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘or home-land security industry employee’’ after ‘‘de-fense industry employee’’ each place it ap-pears; (2) in subsection (c), by inserting ‘‘and homeland security industry employees’’ after ‘‘defense industry employees’’ each place it appears; (3) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘and homeland security in-dustry employees’’ after ‘‘defense industry employees’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘or homeland security’’ after ‘‘and defense’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘or the Department of Homeland Security, as appli-cable’’ after ‘‘the Department of Defense’’; and (4) in subsection (f), by inserting ‘‘and homeland security industry employees’’ after ‘‘defense industry employees’’. (b) H
OMELAND SECURITY INDUSTRY EMPLOY -
EES.—Subsection (b) of such section is amended— (1) by inserting after the first sentence the following new sentence: ‘‘For purposes of this section, an eligible homeland security industry employee is an individual employed by a private firm in one of the critical infra-structure sectors identified in Presidential Policy Directive 21 (Critical Infrastructure Security and Resilience).’’; and (2) in the last sentence, by inserting ‘‘or homeland security industry employee’’ after ‘‘defense industry employee’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) S
ECTION HEADING AMENDMENT .—The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 9314a. United States Air Force Institute of Technology: admission of defense industry civilians; admission of homeland security industry civilians’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 901 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 9314a and inserting the following new item: ‘‘9314a. United States Air Force Institute of Technology: admission of de-fense industry civilians; admis-sion of homeland security in-dustry civilians.’’. 
SA 975. Ms. STABENOW submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. BRINGING JOBS HOME. 
(a) T AX CREDIT FOR INSOURCING EX-
PENSES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subpart D of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 45S. CREDIT FOR INSOURCING EXPENSES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of section 38, the insourcing expenses credit for any taxable year is an amount equal to 20 per-cent of the eligible insourcing expenses of the taxpayer which are taken into account in such taxable year under subsection (d). ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE INSOURCING EXPENSES .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘eligible insourcing expenses’ means— ‘‘(A) eligible expenses paid or incurred by the taxpayer in connection with the elimi-nation of any business unit of the taxpayer (or of any member of any expanded affiliated group in which the taxpayer is also a mem-ber) located outside the United States, and ‘‘(B) eligible expenses paid or incurred by the taxpayer in connection with the estab-lishment of any business unit of the tax-payer (or of any member of any expanded af-filiated group in which the taxpayer is also a member) located within the United States, if such establishment constitutes the reloca-tion of the business unit so eliminated. For purposes of the preceding sentence, a reloca-tion shall not be treated as failing to occur merely because such elimination occurs in a different taxable year than such establish-ment. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE EXPENSES .—The term ‘eligi-ble expenses’ means— ‘‘(A) any amount for which a deduction is allowed to the taxpayer under section 162, and ‘‘(B) permit and license fees, lease broker-age fees, equipment installation costs, and, to the extent provided by the Secretary, other similar expenses. Such term does not include any compensa-tion which is paid or incurred in connection with severance from employment and, to the extent provided by the Secretary, any simi-lar amount. ‘‘(3) B
USINESS UNIT .—The term ‘business unit’ means— ‘‘(A) any trade or business, and ‘‘(B) any line of business, or functional unit, which is part of any trade or business. ‘‘(4) E
XPANDED AFFILIATED GROUP .—The term ‘expanded affiliated group’ means an affiliated group as defined in section 1504(a), determined without regard to section 1504(b)(3) and by substituting ‘more than 50 percent’ for ‘at least 80 percent’ each place it appears in section 1504(a). A partnership or any other entity (other than a corporation) shall be treated as a member of an expanded affiliated group if such entity is controlled (within the meaning of section 954(d)(3)) by members of such group (including any entity treated as a member of such group by reason of this paragraph). ‘‘(5) E
XPENSES MUST BE PURSUANT TO  
INSOURCING PLAN .—Amounts shall be taken into account under paragraph (1) only to the extent that such amounts are paid or in-curred pursuant to a written plan to carry out the relocation described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(6) OPERATING EXPENSES NOT TAKEN INTO  
ACCOUNT .—Any amount paid or incurred in connection with the on-going operation of a business unit shall not be treated as an amount paid or incurred in connection with the establishment or elimination of such business unit. ‘‘(c) I
NCREASED DOMESTIC EMPLOYMENT RE-
QUIREMENT .—No credit shall be allowed under this section unless the number of full- time equivalent employees of the taxpayer for the taxable year for which the credit is claimed exceeds the number of full-time equivalent employees of the taxpayer for the last taxable year ending before the first tax-able year in which such eligible insourcing expenses were paid or incurred. For purposes of this subsection, full-time equivalent em-ployees has the meaning given such term under section 45R(d) (and the applicable rules of section 45R(e)). All employers treat-ed as a single employer under subsection (b), (c), (m), or (o) of section 414 shall be treated as a single employer for purposes of this sub-section. ‘‘(d) C
REDIT ALLOWED UPONCOMPLETION OF  I
NSOURCING PLAN.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), eligible insourcing expenses shall be taken into account under subsection (a) in the taxable year during which the plan described in subsection (b)(5) has been com-pleted and all eligible insourcing expenses pursuant to such plan have been paid or in-curred. ‘‘(2) E
LECTION TO APPLY EMPLOYMENT TEST  
AND CLAIM CREDIT IN FIRST FULL TAXABLE  
YEAR AFTER COMPLETION OF PLAN .—If the tax-payer elects the application of this para-graph, eligible insourcing expenses shall be taken into account under subsection (a) in the first taxable year after the taxable year described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(e) P
OSSESSIONS TREATED AS PART OF THE  U
NITED STATES .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the term ‘United States’ shall be treat-ed as including each possession of the United States (including the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands). ‘‘(f) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations or other guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes of this section.’’. (2) C
REDIT TO BE PART OF GENERAL BUSINESS  
CREDIT .—Subsection (b) of section 38 of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘plus’’ at the end of paragraph (35), by striking the period at the end of paragraph (36) and inserting ‘‘, plus’’, and by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(37) the insourcing expenses credit deter-mined under section 45S(a).’’. (3) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for subpart D of part IV of sub-chapter A of chapter 1 of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 45S. Credit for insourcing expenses.’’. (4) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to amounts paid or incurred after the date of the enactment of this Act. (5) A
PPLICATION TO UNITED STATES POSSES -
SIONS .— (A) P
AYMENTS TO POSSESSIONS .— (i) M
IRROR CODE POSSESSIONS .—The Sec- retary of the Treasury shall make periodic payments to each possession of the United States with a mirror code tax system in an amount equal to the loss to that possession by reason of section 45S of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986. Such amount shall be de-termined by the Secretary of the Treasury based on information provided by the gov-ernment of the respective possession. (ii) O
THER POSSESSIONS .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall make annual payments to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.035 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5231 September 12, 2017 
each possession of the United States which does not have a mirror code tax system in an amount estimated by the Secretary of the Treasury as being equal to the aggregate benefits that would have been provided to residents of such possession by reason of sec-tion 45S of such Code if a mirror code tax system had been in effect in such possession. The preceding sentence shall not apply with respect to any possession of the United States unless such possession has a plan, which has been approved by the Secretary of the Treasury, under which such possession will promptly distribute such payment to the residents of such possession. (B) C
OORDINATION WITH CREDIT ALLOWED  
AGAINST UNITED STATES INCOME TAXES .—No credit shall be allowed against United States income taxes under section 45S of such Code to any person— (i) to whom a credit is allowed against taxes imposed by the possession by reason of such section, or (ii) who is eligible for a payment under a plan described in subparagraph (A)(i). (C) D
EFINITIONS AND SPECIAL RULES .— (i) P
OSSESSIONS OF THE UNITED STATES .— For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘pos-session of the United States’’ includes the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and the Com-monwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. (ii) M
IRROR CODE TAX SYSTEM .—For pur- poses of this section, the term ‘‘mirror code tax system’’ means, with respect to any pos-session of the United States, the income tax system of such possession if the income tax liability of the residents of such possession under such system is determined by ref-erence to the income tax laws of the United States as if such possession were the United States. (iii) T
REATMENT OF PAYMENTS .—For pur- poses of section 1324(b)(2) of title 31, United States Code, the payments under this sub-section shall be treated in the same manner as a refund due from sections referred to in such section 1324(b)(2). (b) D
ENIAL OF DEDUCTION FOR OUTSOURCING  E
XPENSES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Part IX of subchapter B of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 280I. OUTSOURCING EXPENSES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—No deduction otherwise allowable under this chapter shall be allowed for any specified outsourcing expense. ‘‘(b) S
PECIFIED OUTSOURCING EXPENSE .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘specified out-sourcing expense’ means— ‘‘(A) any eligible expense paid or incurred by the taxpayer in connection with the elimination of any business unit of the tax-payer (or of any member of any expanded af-filiated group in which the taxpayer is also a member) located within the United States, and ‘‘(B) any eligible expense paid or incurred by the taxpayer in connection with the es-tablishment of any business unit of the tax-payer (or of any member of any expanded af-filiated group in which the taxpayer is also a member) located outside the United States, if such establishment constitutes the reloca-tion of the business unit so eliminated. For purposes of the preceding sentence, a reloca-tion shall not be treated as failing to occur merely because such elimination occurs in a different taxable year than such establish-ment. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION OF CERTAIN DEFINITIONS  
AND RULES .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this section, the terms ‘eligible expenses’, ‘busi-ness unit’, and ‘expanded affiliated group’ shall have the respective meanings given such terms by section 45S(b). ‘‘(B) OPERATING EXPENSES NOT TAKEN INTO  
ACCOUNT .—A rule similar to the rule of sec-tion 45S(b)(6) shall apply for purposes of this section. ‘‘(c) S
PECIAL RULES .— ‘‘(1) A
PPLICATION TO DEDUCTIONS FOR DE -
PRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION .—In the case of any portion of a specified outsourcing ex-pense which is not deductible in the taxable year in which paid or incurred, such portion shall neither be chargeable to capital ac-count nor amortizable. ‘‘(2) P
OSSESSIONS TREATED AS PART OF THE  
UNITED STATES .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘United States’ shall be treated as including each possession of the United States (including the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands). ‘‘(d) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations or other guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes of this section, including regulations which provide (or create a rebut-table presumption) that certain establish-ments of business units outside the United States will be treated as relocations (based on timing or such other factors as the Sec-retary may provide) of business units elimi-nated within the United States.’’. (2) L
IMITATION ON SUBPART F INCOME OF  
CONTROLLED FOREIGN CORPORATIONS DETER -
MINED WITHOUT REGARD TO SPECIFIED OUT -
SOURCING EXPENSES .—Subsection (c) of sec-tion 952 of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) E
ARNINGS AND PROFITS DETERMINED  
WITHOUT REGARD TO SPECIFIED OUTSOURCING  
EXPENSES .—For purposes of this subsection, earnings and profits of any controlled for-eign corporation shall be determined without regard to any specified outsourcing expense (as defined in section 280I(b)).’’. (3) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for part IX of subchapter B of chap-ter 1 of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 280I. Outsourcing expenses.’’. (4) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to amounts paid or incurred after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 976. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title X, add the following: 
SEC. lll. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON USE OF TEST SITES FOR RESEARCH AND DE-VELOPMENT ON COUNTERING UN-MANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the armed unmanned aircraft systems deployed by adversaries for military pur-poses pose a threat to military installations, critical infrastructure, and members of the Armed Forces in conflict areas like Iraq and Syria; (2) the unmanned aircraft systems test sites designated by the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration offer unique capabilities, exper-tise, and airspace for research and develop-ment related to unmanned aircraft systems; and (3) the Armed Forces should, as appro-priate and to the extent practicable, seek to leverage the test sites described in paragraph (2), as well as existing Department of De-fense facilities with appropriate expertise, for research and development on capabilities to counter the nefarious use of unmanned aircraft systems. SA 977. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 770, to require the Di-rector of the National Institute of Standards and Technology to dissemi-nate resources to help reduce small business cybersecurity risks, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 7, beginning on line 16, strike ‘‘Sixty’’ and all that follows through line 19. 
SA 978. Mr. M CCAIN (for Mr. R UBIO) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. ll. REPORT ON HURRICANE DAMAGE TO DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ASSETS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on damage to Department of Defense assets and installations from hurricanes during 2017. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: (1) The results of a storm damage assess-ment. (2) A description of affected military in-stallations and assets. (3) A request for funding to initiate the re-pair and replacement of damaged facilities and assets, including necessary upgrades to existing facilities to make them compliant with current hurricane standards, and to cover any unfunded requirements for mili-tary construction at affected military instal-lations. (4) An adaptation plan to ensure military installations funded with taxpayer dollars are constructed to better withstand flooding and extreme weather events. 
SA 979. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. lll. CLARIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO SUPPORT BORDER SECURITY OPER-ATIONS OF CERTAIN FOREIGN COUNTRIES. 
Paragraph (3) of section 1226(b) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1056), as added by section 1294(b)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.035 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5232 September 12, 2017 
2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2562), is amended by striking ‘‘for such fiscal year’’ both places it appears. 
SA 980. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. I
NHOFE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 331, on page ll, between lines ll and ll, insert the following: ‘‘(7)(A) The installation commander of a military installation impacted by a proposed energy project shall submit to the Clearing-house a statement of objection or non-objec-tion regarding the impact of proposed project. ‘‘(B) The statement shall include the fol-lowing elements: ‘‘(i) An analysis of the impact on pilot safety, training, military operations, and readiness. ‘‘(ii) A detailed description of any poten-tial negative impacts on pilot safety, train-ing, military operations, and readiness. ‘‘(iii) Any additional information the in-stallation commander determines relevant for consideration in the evaluation process. ‘‘(iv) A statement of objection or non-ob-jection. ‘‘(C) The installation commander’s rec-ommendation shall be incorporated into the Clearinghouse analysis and made a matter of permanent record. ‘‘(D) Any decision by the Clearinghouse that contradicts the installation commander recommendation shall be accompanied by a report addressing all the points made in the installation commander’s statement, and de-scribe how any impacts on pilot safety, training, military operations, and readiness will be prevented. 
SA 981. Mr. MORAN (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. K AINE, Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. H EINRICH , and Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title II, add the following: 
SEC. ll. SUPPORT FOR NATIONAL SECURITY IN-NOVATION AND ENTREPRENEURIAL EDUCATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) The ability of the Department of De-fense to respond to national security chal-lenges would benefit by increased workforce exposure to, and understanding of, modern problem-solving techniques and innovative methodologies. (2) Presenting national security problems to universities and education centers will in-crease diverse stakeholder participation in the rapid development of solutions to na-tional security challenges and improve De-partment of Defense recruitment of young technologists and engineers with critical skill sets, including cyber capabilities. (3) National security innovation and entre-preneurial education would provide a unique pathway for veterans, Federal employees, and military personnel to leverage their training, experience, and expertise to solve emerging national security challenges while learning cutting-edge business innovation methodologies. (4) The benefits to be derived from sup-porting national security innovation and en-trepreneurial education programs include— (A) enabling veterans and members of the Armed Forces to apply their battlefield knowledge in a team environment to develop innovative solutions to some of the United States’ most challenging national security problems; (B) encouraging students, university fac-ulty, veterans, and other technologists and engineers to develop new and vital skill sets to solve real-world national security chal-lenges while introducing them to public service opportunities; and (C) providing an alternative pathway for the Department of Defense to achieve crit-ical agency objectives, such as acquisition reform and the rapid deployment of new and essential capabilities to America’s warfighters. (b) SUPPORT AUTHORIZED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may, acting through the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, sup-port national security innovation and entre-preneurial education programs. (2) E
LEMENTS .—Support under paragraph (1) may include the following: (A) Materials to recruit participants, in-cluding veterans, for programs described in paragraph (1). (B) Model curriculum for such programs. (C) Training materials for such programs. (D) Best practices for the conduct of such programs. (E) Experimental learning opportunities for program participants to interact with operational forces and better understand na-tional security challenges. (F) Exchanges and partnerships with De-partment of Defense science and technology activities. (G) Activities consistent with the Proof of Concept Commercialization Pilot Program established under section 1603 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 10 U.S.C. 2359 note). (c) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out sub-section (b), the Secretary may consult with the heads of such Federal agencies, univer-sities, and public and private entities en-gaged in the development of advanced tech-nologies as the Secretary determines to be appropriate. (d) A
UTHORITIES .—The Secretary may— (1) develop and maintain metrics to assess national security innovation and entrepre-neurial education activities to ensure stand-ards for programs supported under sub-section (b) are consistent and being met; and (2) ensure that any recipient of an award under the Small Business Technology Trans-fer program, the Small Business Innovation Research program, and science and tech-nology programs of the Department of De-fense has the option to participate in train-ing under a national security innovation and entrepreneurial education program sup-ported under subsection (b). (e) P
ARTICIPATION BY FEDERAL EMPLOYEES  
AND MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES .—The Secretary may encourage Federal employees and members of the Armed Forces to partici-pate in a national security innovation and entrepreneurial education program sup-ported under subsection (b) in order to gain exposure to modern innovation and entrepre-neurial methodologies. SA 982. Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. M
URPHY , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mrs. M URRAY , and Mr. C
ARPER ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title X, add the following: 
SEC. ll. PROHIBITION ON USE BY EDU-CATIONAL INSTITUTIONS OF REVE-NUES DERIVED FROM EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE FURNISHED UNDER LAWS ADMINISTERED BY SEC-RETARY OF DEFENSE FOR ADVER-TISING, MARKETING, OR RECRUIT-ING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—As a condition on the re-ceipt of Department of Defense educational assistance funds, an institution of higher education, or other postsecondary edu-cational institution, may not use revenues derived from Department of Defense edu-cational assistance funds for advertising, re-cruiting, or marketing activities described in subsection (b). (b) C
OVERED ACTIVITIES .—Except as pro-vided in subsection (c), the advertising, re-cruiting, and marketing activities subject to subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) Advertising and promotion activities, including paid announcements in news-papers, magazines, radio, television, bill-boards, electronic media, naming rights, or any other public medium of communication, including paying for displays or promotions at job fairs, military installations, or college recruiting events. (2) Efforts to identify and attract prospec-tive students, either directly or through a contractor or other third party, including contact concerning a prospective student’s potential enrollment or application for grant, loan, or work assistance under title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070 et seq.) or participation in preadmission or advising activities, includ-ing— (A) paying employees responsible for over-seeing enrollment and for contacting poten-tial students in-person, by phone, by email, or by other internet communications regard-ing enrollment; and (B) soliciting an individual to provide con-tact information to an institution of higher education, including Internet websites estab-lished for such purpose and funds paid to third parties for such purpose. (3) Such other activities as the Secretary of Defense may prescribe, including paying for promotion or sponsorship of education or military-related associations. (c) E
XCEPTIONS .—Any activity that is re-quired as a condition of receipt of funds by an institution under title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070 et seq.), is specifically authorized under such title, or is otherwise specified by the Secretary of Education, shall not be considered to be a covered activity under subsection (b). (d) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EDUCATIONAL  A
SSISTANCE FUNDS DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Department of Defense edu-cational assistance funds’’ means funds pro-vided directly to an institution or to a stu-dent attending such institution under any of the following provisions of law: (1) Chapter 101, 105, 106A, 1606, 1607, or 1608 of title 10, United States Code. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.037 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5233 September 12, 2017 
(2) Section 1784a, 2005, or 2007 of such title. (e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as a limita-tion on the use by an institution of revenues derived from sources other than Department of Defense educational assistance funds. As a condition on the receipt of Department of Defense educational assistance funds, each institution of higher education, or other postsecondary educational institution, that derives revenues from Department of De-fense educational assistance funds shall sub-mit to the Secretary of Defense and to Con-gress each year a report that includes the following: (1) The institution’s expenditures on adver-tising, marketing, and recruiting. (2) A verification from an independent auditor that the institution is in compliance with the requirements of this subsection. (3) A certification from the institution that the institution is in compliance with the requirements of this section. 
SA 983. Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. M
URPHY , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mrs. M URRAY , and Mr. C
ARPER ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the following: 
SEC. lll. RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF FUNDS FOR RECRUITING AND MAR-KETING ACTIVITIES. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting Financial Aid for Students and Taxpayers Act’’. (b) R
ESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF FUNDS FOR  R
ECRUITING AND MARKETING ACTIVITIES .— Section 119 of the Higher Education Oppor-tunity Act (20 U.S.C. 1011m) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by inserting ‘‘
AND RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF FUNDS FOR  
RECRUITING AND MARKETING ACTIVITIES ’’ after ‘‘
FUNDS ’’; (2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘sub-sections (a) through (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-sections (a), (b), (c), and (e)’’; (3) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (f); and (4) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(e) R
ESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF FUNDS  
FOR RECRUITING AND MARKETING ACTIVI -
TIES.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An institution of higher education, or other postsecondary edu-cational institution, may not use revenues derived from Federal educational assistance funds for recruiting or marketing activities described in paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) C
OVERED ACTIVITIES .—Except as pro-vided in paragraph (3), the recruiting and marketing activities subject to paragraph (1) shall include the following: ‘‘(A) Advertising and promotion activities, including paid announcements in news-papers, magazines, radio, television, bill-boards, electronic media, naming rights, or any other public medium of communication, including paying for displays or promotions at job fairs, military installations, or college recruiting events. ‘‘(B) Efforts to identify and attract pro-spective students, either directly or through a contractor or other third party, including contact concerning a prospective student’s potential enrollment or application for grant, loan, or work assistance under title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070 et seq.) or participation in preadmission or advising activities, includ-ing— ‘‘(i) paying employees responsible for over-seeing enrollment and for contacting poten-tial students in-person, by phone, by email, or by other Internet communications regard-ing enrollment; and ‘‘(ii) soliciting an individual to provide contact information to an institution of higher education, including websites estab-lished for such purpose and funds paid to third parties for such purpose. ‘‘(C) Such other activities as the Secretary of Education may prescribe, including pay-ing for promotion or sponsorship of edu-cation or military-related associations. ‘‘(3) EXCEPTIONS .—Any activity that is re-quired as a condition of receipt of funds by an institution under title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070 et seq.), is specifically authorized under such title, or is otherwise specified by the Secretary of Education, shall not be considered to be a covered activity under paragraph (2). ‘‘(4) F
EDERAL EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE  
FUNDS .—In this subsection, the term ‘Federal educational assistance funds’ means funds provided directly to an institution or to a student attending such institution under any of the following provisions of law: ‘‘(A) Title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070 et seq.). ‘‘(B) Chapter 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, or 35 of title 38, United States Code. ‘‘(C) Chapter 101, 105, 106A, 1606, 1607, or 1608 of title 10, United States Code. ‘‘(D) Section 1784a, 2005, or 2007 of title 10, United States Code. ‘‘(E) Title I of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3111 et seq.). ‘‘(F) The Adult Education and Family Lit-eracy Act (29 U.S.C. 3271 et seq.). ‘‘(5) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed as a limi-tation on the use by an institution of reve-nues derived from sources other than Federal educational assistance funds. ‘‘(6) R
EPORTS .—Each institution of higher education, or other postsecondary edu-cational institution, that derives 65 percent or more of revenues from Federal edu-cational assistance funds shall report annu-ally to the Secretary and to Congress and shall include in such report— ‘‘(A) the institution’s expenditures on ad-vertising, marketing, and recruiting; ‘‘(B) a verification from an independent auditor that the institution is in compliance with the requirements of this subsection; and ‘‘(C) a certification from the institution that the institution is in compliance with the requirements of this subsection.’’. 
SA 984. Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mr. L
EE) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 1635, strike subsection (c) and insert the following: (c) R
EPORT ON MILITARY AND SECURITY  R
AMIFICATIONS OF RUSSIA ’S GROUND - 
LAUNCHED CRUISE MISSILE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report including the fol-lowing elements: (A) A description of the status of the Rus-sian Federation’s new ground-launched cruise missile (SSC–8), its capabilities, and the threat it poses to the allies and assets of the United States in Europe and Asia. (B) An assessment of whether the United States faces significant military disadvan-tages with the introduction of the SSC–8 to the European continent. (C) An assessment of capability gaps that a new United States ground-launched inter-mediate-range missile with a range between 500 and 5,500 kilometers would address in Eu-rope and Asia and whether such a missile is the preferred military response to Russian Federation violations of the INF Treaty. (D) The timeline for fielding such a ground-launched intermediate-range missile, including time for research, development, and deployment of the system, and the total cost for development and deployment of the system. (E) An assessment of the willingness of countries in Europe or the Asia-Pacific re-gion to complete the legal requirements to host a ground-launched intermediate-range missile with a range of between 500 and 5,500 kilometers for counterforce or counter-vailing strike missions against the Russian Federation and the People’s Republic of China. (F) An assessment of the North Atlantic Council’s willingness to endorse development of a ground-launched intermediate-range missile as part of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization’s collective response to the failure of the Russian Federation to comply with the INF Treaty. (G) A determination of whether the United States developing, producing, or flight-test-ing a ground-launched intermediate-range missile would be compliant with the INF Treaty. (2) FORM.—The report required under para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— None of the funds authorized to be appro-priated by this Act or otherwise made avail-able for fiscal year 2018 for a research and de-velopment program for a dual-capable road- mobile ground-launched missile system with a maximum range of 5,500 kilometers may be obligated or expended until the reports re-quired by subsections (b) and (c) are received by the congressional defense committees. 
SA 985. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle C of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. lll. GARNISHMENT TO SATISFY JUDG-MENT RENDERED FOR PHYSICALLY, SEXUALLY, OR EMOTIONALLY ABUS-ING A CHILD. 
(a) G ARNISHMENT AUTHORITY .—Section 1408 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(l) G
ARNISHMENT TO SATISFY A JUDGMENT  R
ENDERED FOR PHYSICALLY , SEXUALLY , OR E
MOTIONALLY ABUSING A CHILD.—(1) Subject to paragraph (2), any payment of retired pay that would otherwise be made to a member 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.037 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5234 September 12, 2017 
shall be paid (in whole or in part) by the Sec-retary concerned to another person if and to the extent expressly provided for in the terms of a child abuse garnishment order. ‘‘(2) A court order providing for the pay-ment of child support or alimony or, with re-spect to a division of property, specifically providing for the payment of an amount of the disposable retired pay from a member to the spouse or a former spouse of the member, shall be given priority over a child abuse garnishment order. The total amount of the disposable retired pay of a member payable under a child abuse garnishment order shall not exceed 25 percent of the member’s dispos-able retired pay. ‘‘(3) In this subsection, the term ‘court order’ includes a child abuse garnishment order. ‘‘(4) In this subsection, the term ‘child abuse garnishment order’ means a final de-cree issued by a court that— ‘‘(A) is issued in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction of that court; and ‘‘(B) provides in the nature of garnishment for the enforcement of a judgment rendered against the member for physically, sexually, or emotionally abusing a child. ‘‘(5) For purposes of this subsection, a judgment rendered for physically, sexually, or emotionally abusing a child is any legal claim perfected through a final enforceable judgment, which claim is based in whole or in part upon the physical, sexual, or emo-tional abuse of an individual under 18 years of age, whether or not that abuse is accom-panied by other actionable wrongdoing, such as sexual exploitation or gross negligence. ‘‘(6) If the Secretary concerned is served with more than one court order with respect to the retired pay of a member, the dispos-able retired pay of the member shall be available to satisfy such court orders on a first-come, first-served basis, subject to the order of precedence specified in paragraph (2), with any such process being satisfied out of such monies as remain after the satisfac-tion of all such processes which have been previously served. ‘‘(7) The Secretary concerned shall not be required to vary normal pay and disburse-ment cycles for retired pay in order to com-ply with a child abuse garnishment order.’’. (b) A
PPLICATION OF AMENDMENT .—Sub- section (l) of section 1408 of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), shall apply with respect to a court order received by the Secretary concerned on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, regardless of the date of the court order. 
SA 986. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. ll. OUTSOURCING PREVENTION. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Defending American Jobs Act’’. (a) E
LIGIBILITY FOR CONTRACT AWARD .—The Secretary of Defense may not enter into or renew a contract for the procurement of property or services unless the contractor certifies that, during the previous 5 years, the contractor has not outsourced a domes-tic operation or, in the case of an operation so outsourced, the contractor certifies that the operation has moved back to the United States. (b) ANNUAL CERTIFICATION .—Beginning on the date that is one year after a contractor enters into a contract described under sub-section (a), and annually thereafter for the duration of the contract, the contractor shall certify whether it has outsourced a do-mestic operation since entering into the con-tract. (c) O
UTSOURCING DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘outsourcing’’, with respect to a domestic operation, means a plant closing or mass layoff (as described in section 2(a) of the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Noti-fication Act (29 U.S.C. 2101(a)) in which the employment loss (excluding any part-time employees) for positions which will be moved to a country outside of the United States ex-ceeds 50 employees. 
SA 987. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title III, add the following: 
SEC. ll. ARSENAL SUPPORT PROGRAM INITIA-TIVE. 
Section 343(a) of the Floyd D. Spence Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (as enacted into law by Public Law 106–398; 114 Stat. 1654A–77; 20 U.S.C. 7703a), as most recently amended by section 342 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2016, is further amended by striking ‘‘through 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘through 2022’’. 
SA 988. Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. M
URPHY , and Ms. B ALDWIN ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. ll. APPLICABILITY OF BUY AMERICAN RE-QUIREMENTS TO ITEMS USED OUT-SIDE THE UNITED STATES. 
Section 8302(a)(2)(A) of title 41, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘need-ed on an urgent basis or for national security reasons (as determined by the head of a Fed-eral agency)’’ after ‘‘for use outside the United States’’. 
SA 989. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XVI, add the following: 
SEC. 1630C. CYBERSECURITY OF INDUSTRIAL CONTROL SYSTEMS. 
(a) D ESIGNATION OF INTEGRATING OFFI-
CIAL.— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall designate one official to be responsible for all matters relating to integrating cyber-security and industrial control systems within the Department of Defense. Such offi-cial shall be responsible for all such matters at all levels of command, from the Depart-ment to the facility using industrial control systems. (2) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The responsibilities of the official designated under subsection (a) shall include the following: (A) Developing, implementing, and be ac-countable for plans, programs, and policies to improve the cybersecurity of industrial control systems. Such plans, programs, and policies shall be applicable at all levels of command and apply to both the Department and the facility using the industrial control system. (B) Developing Department-wide certifi-cation standards for integration of industrial control systems and taking into consider-ation frameworks set forth by the National Institute of Standards and Technology for the cybersecurity of such systems. (b) P
ILOT PROGRAMS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall consider carrying out one or more pilot programs to assess the feasibility and advis-ability of implementing various solutions for protecting industrial control systems against cyber attacks and discerning the spe-cific criteria that a solution should dem-onstrate in order to be certified for military use. (2) P
RIORITY .—In carrying out a pilot pro-gram under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall give priority to the determination of certification criteria for military energy in-dustrial control systems. 
SA 990. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title V, add the following: 
SEC. lll. REPORT ON DELEGATION OF WAIVER AUTHORITY IN CONNECTION WITH DOMICILE-TO-DUTY LIMITATIONS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than De-cember 1, 2017, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a report setting forth an assess-ment of the feasability and advisability of permitting the Secretaries of the military departments to delegate to commanding offi-cers in general and flag officer positions au-thority to waive limitations on the use of passenger carriers as a means of trans-porting Government personnel between resi-dence and place of employment under sec-tion 1344 of title 31, United States Code (com-monly referred to as ‘‘Domicile-to-Duty’’), for members of the Armed Forces and civil-ian personnel of the military departments who have significant responsibility for mis-sions executing or supporting round-the- clock performance of combat operations or intelligence, counterintelligence, protective service, or criminal law enforcement duties. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment required pursuant to subsection (a) shall— (1) assume that any delegation of waiver authority as described in that subsection 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.038 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5235 September 12, 2017 
shall complement, and not replace, the waiv-er authority of the Secretaries of the mili-tary departments under section 1344 of title 31, United States Code; and (2) take into account the extent to which delegation of such waiver authority would impact the safe and efficient conduct of mis-sions described in that subsection. 
SA 991. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. B
ROWN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 212 and insert the following: 
SEC. 212. CODIFICATION AND ENHANCEMENT OF AUTHORITIES TO PROVIDE FUNDS FOR DEFENSE LABORATORIES FOR RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT OF TECHNOLOGIES FOR MILITARY MIS-SIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 139 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2362 the following new section: ‘‘§ 2363. Mechanisms to provide funds for de-fense laboratories for research and devel-opment of technologies for military mis-sions ‘‘(a) M
ECHANISMS TO PROVIDE FUNDS .—(1) The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretaries of the military depart-ments, shall establish mechanisms under which the director of a defense laboratory may use an amount of funds equal to not less than two percent and not more than four percent of all funds available to the defense laboratory for the following purposes: ‘‘(A) To fund innovative basic and applied research that is conducted at the defense laboratory and supports military missions. ‘‘(B) To fund development programs that support the transition of technologies devel-oped by the defense laboratory into oper-ational use. ‘‘(C) To fund workforce development ac-tivities that improve the capacity of the de-fense laboratory to recruit and retain per-sonnel with necessary scientific and engi-neering expertise that support military mis-sions. ‘‘(D) To fund the repair or minor military construction of the laboratory infrastructure and equipment, in accordance with sub-section (b). ‘‘(2) The mechanisms established under paragraph (1) shall provide that funding shall be used under paragraph (1) at the discretion of the director of a defense laboratory in consultation with the science and tech-nology executive of the military department concerned. ‘‘(3) After consultation with the science and technology executive of the military de-partment concerned, the director of a de-fense laboratory may charge customer ac-tivities a fixed percentage fee, in addition to normal costs of performance, in order to ob-tain funds to carry out activities authorized by this subsection. The fixed fee may not ex-ceed four percent of costs. ‘‘(b) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR INFRA -
STRUCTURE PROJECTS .—Funds shall be avail-able in accordance with subsection (a)(1)(D) only if— ‘‘(1) the Secretary notifies the congres-sional defense committees of the total cost of the project before the date on which the Secretary uses the mechanism under such subsection for such project; and ‘‘(2) the Secretary ensures that the project complies with the applicable cost limitations in— ‘‘(A) section 2805(d) of this title, with re-spect to revitalization and recapitalization projects; and ‘‘(B) section 2811 of this title, with respect to repair projects. ‘‘(c) ANNUAL REPORT ON USE OF AUTHOR -
ITY.—Not later than March 1 of each year, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the use of the authority under subsection (a) during the preceding year.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 139 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2362 the following new item: ‘‘2363. Mechanisms to provide funds for de-fense laboratories for research and development of tech-nologies for military mis-sions.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—(1) Section 219 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Pub-lic Law 110–417; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note), is hereby repealed. (2) Section 2805(d)(1)(B) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘under section 219(a) of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2363(a) of this title’’. 
SEC. 213. ANNUAL REPORT ON UNFUNDED RE-QUIREMENTS FOR LABORATORY MILITARY CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS. 
The Under Secretary of Defense for Re-search and Engineering shall submit to the congressional defense committees each year, at the time the budget of the President for the fiscal year beginning in such year is sub-mitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, a reporting list-ing unfunded requirements on major and minor military construction projects for De-partment of Defense science and technology laboratories and facilities and test evalua-tion facilities. 
SA 992. Mr. SCHUMER (for Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by Mr. Schu-mer to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. PRIVATE RELIEF FOR THE MCALLISTER FAMILY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding sub-sections (a) and (b) of section 201 of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1151), Malachy McAllister, Nicola McAllister, and Sean Ryan McAllister shall each be eli-gible for an immigrant visa or for adjust-ment of status to that of an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence upon fil-ing an application for an immigrant visa under section 204 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1154) or for adjustment of status to lawful perma-nent resident. (b) A
DJUSTMENT OF STATUS .—If Malachy McAllister, Nicola McAllister, or Sean Ryan McAllister enters the United States before the filing deadline described in subsection (d), he or she shall be considered to have en-tered and remained lawfully in the United States and shall, if otherwise eligible, be eli-gible for adjustment of status under section 245 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1255), as of the date of the enact-ment of this Act. (c) WAIVER OF GROUNDS FOR REMOVAL OF , 
ORDENIAL OF ADMISSION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding sections 212(a) and 237(a) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a) and 1227(a)), Malachy McAllister, Nicola McAllister, and Sean Ryan McAllister may not be removed from the United States, or denied admission to the United States, by reason of any act of any of such individuals that is a ground for removal or denial of admission and is re-flected in the records of the Department of Homeland Security, or the Visa Office of the Department of State, on the date of the en-actment of this Act. (2) R
ESCISSION OF OUTSTANDING ORDER OF  
REMOVAL .—The Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity shall rescind any outstanding order of removal or deportation, or any finding of de-portability, that has been entered against Malachy McAllister, Nicola McAllister, or Sean Ryan McAllister by reason of any act described in paragraph (1). (d) D
EADLINE FOR APPLICATION AND PAY-
MENT OF FEES.—Subsections (a) and (b) shall not apply unless Malachy McAllister, Nicola McAllister, and Sean Ryan McAllister each file an application for an immigrant visa or for adjustment of status, with appropriate fees, not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (e) R
EDUCTION OF IMMIGRANT VISANUM-
BER.—Upon the granting of an immigrant visa or permanent resident status to Malachy McAllister, Nicola McAllister, and Sean Ryan McAllister, the Secretary of State shall instruct the proper officer to re-duce by 3, during the current or next fol-lowing fiscal year, the total number of immi-grant visas that are made available to na-tives of the country of the aliens’ birth under section 202(a)(2) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1152(a)(2)). 
SA 993. Mr. M CCAIN (for Mr. R UBIO) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title XII, add the following: Subtitle H—Matters Relating to Hizballah 
SEC. 1290. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Hizballah International Financing Preven-tion Amendments Act of 2017’’. PART I—PREVENTION OF ACCESS BY HIZBALLAH TO INTERNATIONAL FINAN-CIAL AND OTHER INSTITUTIONS 
SEC. 1291. MANDATORY SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO FUNDRAISING AND RE-CRUITMENT ACTIVITIES FOR HIZBALLAH. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 101 of the Hizballah International Financing Preven-tion Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–102; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 101. MANDATORY SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO FUNDRAISING AND RE-CRUITMENT ACTIVITIES FOR HIZBALLAH. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall im-pose the sanctions described in subsection (b) with respect to any foreign person that the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.040 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5236 September 12, 2017 
President determines knowingly assists, sponsors, or provides significant financial, material, or technological support for— ‘‘(1) Bayt al-Mal, Jihad al-Bina, the Is-lamic Resistance Support Association, or any successor or affiliate thereof; ‘‘(2) al-Manar TV, al Nour Radio, or the Lebanese Media Group, or any successor or affiliate thereof; ‘‘(3) a foreign person determined by the President to be engaged in fundraising or re-cruitment activities for Hizballah; or ‘‘(4) a foreign person owned or controlled by a foreign person described in paragraph (1), (2), or (3). ‘‘(b) S
ANCTIONS DESCRIBED .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The sanctions described in this subsection are the following: ‘‘(A) A
SSET BLOCKING .—The exercise of all powers granted to the President by the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) (except that the requirements of section 202 of such Act (50 U.S.C. 1701) shall not apply) to the extent necessary to block and prohibit all trans-actions in all property and interests in prop-erty of a foreign person determined by the President to be subject to subsection (a) if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. ‘‘(B) A
LIENS INELIGIBLE FOR VISAS , ADMIS -
SION, OR PAROLE .— ‘‘(i) V
ISAS, ADMISSION , OR PAROLE .—An alien who the President determines is sub-ject to subsection (a) is— ‘‘(I) inadmissible to the United States; ‘‘(II) ineligible to receive a visa or other documentation to enter the United States; and ‘‘(III) otherwise ineligible to be admitted or paroled into the United States or to re-ceive any other benefit under the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.). ‘‘(ii) C
URRENT VISAS REVOKED .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The issuing consular offi-cer, the Secretary of State, or the Secretary of Homeland Security shall revoke any visa or other entry documentation issued to an alien who the President determines is sub-ject to subsection (a), regardless of when issued. ‘‘(II) E
FFECT OF REVOCATION .—A revocation under subclause (I) shall take effect imme-diately and shall automatically cancel any other valid visa or entry documentation that is in the possession of the alien. ‘‘(2) P
ENALTIES .—The penalties provided for in subsections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the International Emergency Economic Pow-ers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) shall apply to a per-son that violates, attempts to violate, con-spires to violate, or causes a violation of reg-ulations prescribed under paragraph (1)(A) to the same extent that such penalties apply to a person that commits an unlawful act de-scribed in subsection (a) of such section 206. ‘‘(c) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The President may exercise all authorities provided under sec-tions 203 and 205 of the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1702 and 1704) to carry out this section. ‘‘(d) P
ROCEDURES FOR JUDICIAL REVIEW OF  C
LASSIFIED INFORMATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If a finding under this section, or a prohibition, condition, or pen-alty imposed as a result of any such finding, is based on classified information (as defined in section 1(a) of the Classified Information Procedures Act (18 U.S.C. App.)) and a court reviews the finding or the imposition of the prohibition, condition, or penalty, the Presi-dent may submit such information to the court ex parte and in camera. ‘‘(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to confer or imply any right to judicial review of any finding under this section or any prohibition, condition, or penalty imposed as a result of any such finding. ‘‘(e) WAIVER .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The President may, for periods not to exceed 180 days, waive the im-position of sanctions under this section if the President certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that such waiver is in the national security interests of the United States. ‘‘(2) C
ONSULTATION .— ‘‘(A) B
EFORE WAIVER ISSUED .—Before a waiver under paragraph (1) takes effect with respect to a foreign person, the President shall notify and brief the appropriate con-gressional committees on the status of the involvement of the foreign person in activi-ties described in subsection (a). ‘‘(B) A
FTER WAIVER ISSUED .—Not later than 90 days after the issuance of a waiver under paragraph (1) with respect to a foreign per-son, and every 120 days thereafter while the waiver remains in effect, the President shall brief the appropriate congressional commit-tees on the status of the involvement of the foreign person in activities described in sub-section (a). ‘‘(f) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of the Hizballah International Financing Prevention Amend-ments Act of 2017, and every 180 days there-after, the President shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees a report that lists the foreign persons that the Presi-dent has credible evidence knowingly assists, sponsors, or provides significant financial, material, or technological support for the foreign persons described in paragraph (1), (2), (3), or (4) of subsection (a). ‘‘(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) A
DMITTED ; ALIEN .—The terms ‘admit-ted’ and ‘alien’ have meanings given those terms in section 101 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101). ‘‘(2) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘appropriate congressional committees’ means— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Ways and Means, the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Rep-resentatives; and ‘‘(B) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Finance, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Sen-ate. ‘‘(3) E
NTITY .—The term ‘entity’ means a partnership, association, corporation, or other organization, group, or subgroup. ‘‘(4) H
IZBALLAH .—The term ‘Hizballah’ has the meaning given such term in section 102(f). ‘‘(5) P
ERSON .—The term ‘person’ means an individual or entity. ‘‘(6) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘United States person’ means a United States citizen, permanent resident alien, en-tity organized under the laws of the United States (including foreign branches), or a per-son in the United States.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Hizballah International Fi-nancing Prevention Act of 2015 is amended by striking the item relating to section 101 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 101. Mandatory sanctions with respect to fundraising and recruitment activities for Hizballah.’’. 
SEC. 1292. MODIFICATION OF REPORT WITH RE-SPECT TO FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS THAT ENGAGE IN CERTAIN TRANS-ACTIONS. 
Subsection (d) of section 102 of the Hizballah International Financing Preven-tion Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–102; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(d) REPORT ON FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS  O
RGANIZED UNDER THE LAWS OF STATE SPON-
SORS OF TERRORISM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of the Hizballah International Financing Preven-tion Amendments Act of 2017, and every 180 days thereafter, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that— ‘‘(A) identifies each foreign financial insti-tution described in paragraph (2) that the President determines engages in one or more activities described in subsection (a)(2); ‘‘(B) provides a detailed description of each such activity; and ‘‘(C) contains a determination with respect to each such foreign financial institution that is identified under subparagraph (A) as engaging in one or more activities described in subsection (a)(2) as to whether such for-eign financial institution is in violation of Executive Order 13224 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; re-lating to blocking property and prohibiting transactions with persons who commit, threaten to commit, or support terrorism) by reason of engaging in one or more such ac-tivities. ‘‘(2) F
OREIGN FINANCIAL INSTITUTION DE -
SCRIBED .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A foreign financial in-stitution described in this paragraph is a for-eign financial institution— ‘‘(i) that, wherever located, is— ‘‘(I) organized under the laws of a state sponsor of terrorism or any jurisdiction within a state sponsor of terrorism; ‘‘(II) owned or controlled by the govern-ment of a state sponsor of terrorism; ‘‘(III) located in the territory of a state sponsor of terrorism; or ‘‘(IV) owned or controlled by a foreign fi-nancial institution described in subclause (I), (II), or (III); and ‘‘(ii) the capitalization of which exceeds $10,000,000. ‘‘(B) S
TATE SPONSOR OF TERRORISM .—In this paragraph, the term ‘state sponsor of ter-rorism’ means a country the government of which the Secretary of State has determined is a government that has repeatedly provided support for acts of international terrorism for purposes of— ‘‘(i) section 6(j) of the Export Administra-tion Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4605(j)) (as contin-ued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)); ‘‘(ii) section 620A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2371); ‘‘(iii) section 40 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2780); or ‘‘(iv) any other provision of law.’’. 
SEC. 1293. SANCTIONS AGAINST AGENCIES AND INSTRUMENTALITIES OF FOREIGN STATES THAT SUPPORT HIZBALLAH. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title I of the Hizballah International Financing Prevention Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–102; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 103. SANCTIONS AGAINST AGENCIES AND INSTRUMENTALITIES OF FOREIGN STATES THAT SUPPORT HIZBALLAH. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion, and as appropriate thereafter, the President shall block and prohibit all trans-actions in all property and interests in prop-erty of any agency or instrumentality of a foreign state described in subsection (b) if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. ‘‘(b) A
GENCY OR INSTRUMENTALITY OF A  F
OREIGN STATE DESCRIBED .—An agency or in-strumentality of a foreign state described in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.039 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5237 September 12, 2017 
this subsection is an agency or instrumen-tality of a foreign state that the President determines knowingly and materially as-sists, sponsors, or provides significant finan-cial, material, or technological support for, goods or services to or in support of, or arms or related material to— ‘‘(1) Hizballah; ‘‘(2) an entity owned or controlled by Hizballah; or ‘‘(3) an entity that the President deter-mines has acted or purported to act for or on behalf of Hizballah. ‘‘(c) P
ENALTIES .—The penalties provided for in subsections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the International Emergency Economic Pow-ers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) shall apply to a per-son that violates, attempts to violate, con-spires to violate, or causes a violation of reg-ulations prescribed under subsection (a) to the same extent that such penalties apply to a person that commits an unlawful act de-scribed in subsection (a) of such section 206. ‘‘(d) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The President may exercise all authorities provided under sec-tions 203 and 205 of the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1702 and 1704) to carry out this section. ‘‘(e) P
ROCEDURES FOR JUDICIAL REVIEW OF  C
LASSIFIED INFORMATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If a finding under this section, or a prohibition, condition, or pen-alty imposed as a result of any such finding, is based on classified information (as defined in section 1(a) of the Classified Information Procedures Act (18 U.S.C. App.)) and a court reviews the finding or the imposition of the prohibition, condition, or penalty, the Presi-dent may submit such information to the court ex parte and in camera. ‘‘(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to confer or imply any right to judicial review of any finding under this section or any prohibition, condition, or penalty imposed as a result of any such finding. ‘‘(f) W
AIVER .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The President may, for periods not to exceed 180 days, waive the im-position of sanctions under this section with respect to an agency or instrumentality of a foreign state if the President certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that such waiver is in the national security inter-ests of the United States. ‘‘(2) C
ONSULTATION .— ‘‘(A) B
EFORE WAIVER ISSUED .—Before a waiver under paragraph (1) takes effect with respect to an agency or instrumentality of a foreign state, the President shall notify and brief the appropriate congressional commit-tees on the status of the involvement of the agency or instrumentality in activities de-scribed in subsection (b). ‘‘(B) A
FTER WAIVER ISSUED .—Not later than 90 days after the issuance of a waiver under paragraph (1) with respect to an agency or instrumentality of a foreign state, and every 120 days thereafter while the waiver remains in effect, the President shall brief the appro-priate congressional committees on the sta-tus of the involvement of the agency or in-strumentality in activities described in sub-section (b). ‘‘(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) A
GENCY OR INSTRUMENTALITY OF A FOR -
EIGN STATE ; FOREIGN STATE .—The terms ‘agency or instrumentality of a foreign state’ and ‘foreign state’ have the meanings given those terms in section 1603 of title 28, United States Code. ‘‘(2) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘appropriate congressional committees’ means— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Financial Services, the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the House of Rep-resentatives; and ‘‘(B) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, and the Committee on the Ju-diciary of the Senate. ‘‘(3) ARMS OR RELATED MATERIAL .—The term ‘arms or related material’ means— ‘‘(A) nuclear, biological, chemical, or radi-ological weapons or materials or components of such weapons; ‘‘(B) ballistic or cruise missile weapons or materials or components of such weapons; ‘‘(C) destabilizing numbers and types of ad-vanced conventional weapons; ‘‘(D) defense articles or defense services, as those terms are defined in paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively, of section 47 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2794); ‘‘(E) defense information, as that term is defined in section 644 of the Foreign Assist-ance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2403); or ‘‘(F) items designated by the President for purposes of the United States Munitions List under section 38(a)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2778(a)(1)). ‘‘(4) H
IZBALLAH .—The term ‘Hizballah’ has the meaning given that term in section 102(f).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Hizballah International Fi-nancing Prevention Act of 2015 is amended by inserting after the item relating to sec-tion 102 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 103. Sanctions against agencies and in-strumentalities of foreign states that support Hizballah.’’. PART II—NARCOTICS TRAFFICKING AND SIGNIFICANT TRANSNATIONAL CRIMI-NAL ACTIVITIES OF HIZBALLAH 
SEC. 1294. BLOCKING OF PROPERTY OF HIZBALLAH. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 201 of the Hizballah International Financing Preven-tion Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–102; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 201. BLOCKING OF PROPERTY OF HIZBALLAH. 
‘‘(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that Hizballah conducts narcotics trafficking and significant transnational criminal activities. ‘‘(b) B
LOCKING OF PROPERTY .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of the Hizballah International Financing Prevention Amendments Act of 2017, and as appropriate thereafter, the President shall block and prohibit all transactions in all property and interests in property of Hizballah if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. ‘‘(c) P
ENALTIES .—The penalties provided for in subsections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the International Emergency Economic Pow-ers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) shall apply to a per-son that violates, attempts to violate, con-spires to violate, or causes a violation of reg-ulations prescribed under subsection (b) to the same extent that such penalties apply to a person that commits an unlawful act de-scribed in subsection (a) of such section 206. ‘‘(d) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The President may exercise all authorities provided under sec-tions 203 and 205 of the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1702 and 1704) to carry out this section. ‘‘(e) P
ROCEDURES FOR JUDICIAL REVIEW OF  C
LASSIFIED INFORMATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If a finding under this section, or a prohibition, condition, or pen-alty imposed as a result of any such finding, is based on classified information (as defined in section 1(a) of the Classified Information Procedures Act (18 U.S.C. App.)) and a court reviews the finding or the imposition of the prohibition, condition, or penalty, the Presi-dent may submit such information to the court ex parte and in camera. ‘‘(2) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to confer or imply any right to judicial review of any finding under this section or any prohibition, condition, or penalty imposed as a result of any such finding. ‘‘(f) W
AIVER .—The President may, for peri-ods not to exceed 180 days, waive the imposi-tion of sanctions under this section if the President certifies to the appropriate con-gressional committees that such waiver is in the national security interests of the United States. ‘‘(g) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘Hizballah’ has the meaning given that term in section 102(f).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of contents for the Hizballah International Fi-nancing Prevention Act of 2015 is amended— (1) by striking the item relating to title II and inserting the following: ‘‘TITLE II—IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO HIZBALLAH AND REPORTS RELATING TO NARCOTICS TRAFFICKING AND SIGNIFICANT TRANSNATIONAL CRIMINAL ACTIVI-TIES OF HIZBALLAH.’’; 
AND (2) by striking the item relating to section 201 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 201. Blocking of property of Hizballah.’’. 
SEC. 1295. REPORT ON RACKETEERING ACTIVI-TIES ENGAGED IN BY HIZBALLAH. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 202 of the Hizballah International Financing Preven-tion Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–102; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 202. REPORT ON RACKETEERING ACTIVI-TIES ENGAGED IN BY HIZBALLAH. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of the Hizballah International Financing Preven-tion Amendments Act of 2017, and annually thereafter for the following 5 years, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the following: ‘‘(1) Activities that Hizballah, and agents and affiliates of Hizballah, have engaged in that are racketeering activities. ‘‘(2) The extent to which Hizballah, and agents and affiliates of Hizballah, engage in a pattern of such racketeering activities. ‘‘(b) F
ORM OF REPORT .—Each report re-quired under subsection (a) shall be sub-mitted in an unclassified form but may con-tain a classified annex. ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘appropriate congressional committees’ means— ‘‘(A) the Committee on the Judiciary, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Com-mittee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(B) the Committee on the Judiciary, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate. ‘‘(2) H
IZBALLAH .—The term ‘Hizballah’ has the meaning given that term in section 102(f). ‘‘(3) R
ACKETEERING ACTIVITY .—The term ‘racketeering activity’ has the meaning given that term in section 1961(1) of title 18, United States Code.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Hizballah International Fi-nancing Prevention Act of 2015 is amended by striking the item relating to section 202 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 202. Report on racketeering activities engaged in by Hizballah.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.039 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5238 September 12, 2017 
SEC. 1296. MODIFICATION OF REPORT ON ACTIVI-TIES OF FOREIGN GOVERNMENTS TO DISRUPT GLOBAL LOGISTICS NETWORKS AND FUNDRAISING, FI-NANCING, AND MONEY LAUNDERING ACTIVITIES OF HIZBALLAH. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 204 of the Hizballah International Financing Preven-tion Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–102; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘the Hizballah International Financing Pre-vention Amendments Act of 2017, and annu-ally thereafter for the following 5 years’’; (B) in subparagraph (D)(ii)(II), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (C) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘and free-trade zones.’’ and inserting ‘‘free-trade zones, business partnerships and joint ven-tures, and other investments in small and medium-sized enterprises;’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) a list of provinces, municipalities, and local governments outside of Lebanon that expressly consent to, or with knowledge allow, tolerate, or disregard the use of their territory by Hizballah to carry out terrorist activities, including training, financing, and recruitment; ‘‘(G) a description of the total aggregate revenues and remittances that Hizballah re-ceives from the global logistics networks of Hizballah, including— ‘‘(i) a list of Hizballah’s sources of revenue, including sources of revenue based on illicit activity, revenues from Iran, charities, and other business activities; and ‘‘(ii) a list of Hizballah’s expenditures, in-cluding expenditures for ongoing military operations, social networks, and external op-erations; and ‘‘(H) a survey of national and transnational legal measures available to target Hizballah’s financial networks.’’; (2) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; (3) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b) E
NHANCED DUEDILIGENCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The President shall pre-scribe, as necessary, enhanced due diligence policies, procedures, and controls for United States financial institutions, and foreign fi-nancial institutions maintaining cor-respondent accounts or payable-through ac-counts with United States financial institu-tions, that provide significant financial serv-ices for persons and entities operating in a jurisdiction included in the list required under subsection (a)(1)(F) if the President certifies and reports to the appropriate con-gressional committees that it is in the na-tional security interest of the United States to do so. ‘‘(2) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the terms ‘correspondent account’ and ‘payable- through account’ have the meanings given those terms in section 5318A of title 31, United States Code.’’; and (4) in subsection (c), as redesignated by paragraph (2) by adding before the period at the end the following: ‘‘and on any require-ments for enhanced due diligence prescribed under subsection (b)’’. (b) R
EPORT ON ESTIMATED NETWORTH OF  S
ENIOR HIZBALLAH MEMBERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than annually there-after for the following 2 years, the Secretary of the Treasury shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report that contains— (A) the estimated total net worth of each individual described in paragraph (2); and (B) a description of how funds of each indi-vidual described in paragraph (2) were ac-quired, and how such funds have been used or employed. (2) INDIVIDUALS DESCRIBED .—The individ-uals described in this paragraph are the fol-lowing: (A) The Secretary General of Hizballah. (B) Members of the Hizballah Politburo. (C) Any other individual that the President determines is a senior foreign political figure of Hizballah. (3) F
ORM OF REPORT ; PUBLIC AVAILABILITY .— (A) F
ORM.—The report required under para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex. (B) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The unclassified portion of the report required under para-graph (1) shall be made available to the pub-lic and posted on the website of the Depart-ment of the Treasury in precompressed, eas-ily downloadable versions that are made available in all appropriate formats. (4) S
OURCES OF INFORMATION .—In preparing the report required under paragraph (1), the Secretary of the Treasury may use any cred-ible publication, database, or web-based re-source, and any credible information com-piled by any government agency, nongovern-mental organization, or other entity pro-vided to or made available to the Secretary. (5) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (i) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives; and (ii) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate. (B) F
UNDS .—The term ‘‘funds’’ means— (i) cash; (ii) equity; (iii) any other intangible asset the value of which is derived from a contractual claim, including bank deposits, bonds, stocks, a se-curity (as defined in section 2(a) of the Secu-rities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77b(a))), or a secu-rity or an equity security (as those terms are defined in section 3(a) of the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c(a))); and (iv) anything else of value that the Sec-retary of the Treasury determines to be ap-propriate. (C) S
ENIOR FOREIGN POLITICAL FIGURE .—The term ‘‘senior foreign political figure’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1010.605 of title 31, Code of Federal Regula-tions (or any successor regulation). 
SEC. 1297. REPORT ON COMBATING THE ILLICIT TOBACCO TRAFFICKING NETWORKS USED BY HIZBALLAH AND OTHER FOREIGN TERRORIST ORGANIZA-TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report on combating the illicit tobacco trafficking net-works used by Hizballah and other foreign terrorist organizations to finance their oper-ations, as described in the report submitted to Congress in December 2015 by the Depart-ment of State, the Department of Justice, the Department of the Treasury, the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, and the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services entitled, ‘‘The Global Illicit Trade in Tobacco: A Threat to National Security.’’. (b) M
ATTERS TOBEADDRESSED .—The re- port required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of the steps to be taken by Federal agencies to combat the illicit to-bacco trafficking networks used by Hizballah, other foreign terrorist organiza-tions, and other illicit actors. (2) A description of the steps to be taken to engage State and local law enforcement au-thorities in efforts to combat illicit tobacco trafficking networks operating within the United States. (3) A description of the steps to be taken to engage foreign government law enforcement and intelligence authorities in efforts to combat illicit tobacco trafficking networks operating outside the United States. (4) Recommendations for legislative or ad-ministrative action needed to address the threat of illicit tobacco trafficking net-works. (c) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security, the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, the Committee on Financial Services, and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representa-tives; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs, the Committee on the Judi-ciary, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, and the Committee on Fi-nance of the Senate. PART III—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
SEC. 1298. REGULATORY AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall, not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, prescribe regulations as necessary for the implementation of this subtitle and the amendments made by this subtitle. (b) N
OTIFICATION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 10 days before the prescription of regu-lations under subsection (a), the President shall notify the appropriate congressional committees regarding the proposed regula-tions and the provisions of this subtitle and the amendments made by this subtitle that the regulations are implementing. (c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate. 
SEC. 1299. EXCEPTIONS. 
This subtitle and the amendments made by this subtitle shall not apply to the following: (1) Any authorized intelligence, law en-forcement, or national security activities of the United States. (2) Any transaction necessary to comply with United States obligations under— (A) the Agreement between the United Na-tions and the United States of America re-garding the Headquarters of the United Na-tions, signed at Lake Success June 26, 1947, and entered into force November 21, 1947; (B) the Convention on Consular Relations, done at Vienna April 24, 1963, and entered into force March 19, 1967; or (C) any other international treaty. 
SEC. 1299A. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this subtitle or an amendment made by this subtitle shall be construed to limit the authority of the President under the International Emergency Economic Pow-ers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) or any other provision of law. 
SA 994. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.039 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5239 September 12, 2017 
of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING THE INTERNATIONAL MILITARY EDU-CATION AND TRAINING PROGRAM. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Inter-national Military Education and Training program— (1) improves the professionalism, capabili-ties, and interoperability of United States military partners for our mutual benefit; (2) strengthens the personal relationships between members of the United States Armed Forces and their foreign counter-parts; (3) supports regional stability and democ-racy promotion; and (4) plays a vital role in United States na-tional security and foreign policy. 
SA 995. Ms. CANTWELL (for herself and Mrs. M
URRAY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XXXI, add the following: 
SEC. 3116. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATION OF ADVISORY BOARD ON TOXIC SUB-STANCES AND WORKER HEALTH. 
Section 3687(i) of the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program Act of 2000 (42 U.S.C. 7385s–16(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘5 years’’ and inserting ‘‘10 years’’. 
SA 996. Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Ms. H
ARRIS , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B OOKER , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. W ARNER , and Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title V, add the following: 
SEC. lll. MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES WHO ENLIST UNDER AUTHORITY FOR ENLISTMENT VITAL TO THE NA-TIONAL INTEREST. 
(a) R ETENTION AND STATUS .—Each member of the Armed Forces who accesses into the Armed Forces under section 504(b)(2) of title 10, United States Code— (1) shall, to the extent practicable, remain a member of the Armed Forces until the Sec-retary concerned is able to determine the suitability of such member for retention in the Armed Forces; and (2) may not be separated from the Armed Forces before completion of the background checks and security screenings required to certify the member for retention in the Armed Forces, except as follows: (A) Upon a sentence of court-martial pur-suant to chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice), providing for separation of the member. (B) Upon the discovery of current or prior disqualifying actions not related to the member’s status under the immigration laws that require the separation of the member. (b) IMMIGRATION STATUS OF ALIEN MEM-
BERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The protections and con-ditions specified in paragraph (3) shall apply to an individual described in paragraph (2) during the period— (A) that begins on the date on which the individual enlists in the Armed Forces under the Delayed Entry Program provided for in section 513 of title 10, United States Code; and (B) that ends on either— (i) the date on which the member is en-listed in a regular component of the Armed Forces; or (ii) the date on which the member is deter-mined by the Secretary concerned to be not suitable for retention in the Armed Forces. (2) C
OVERED INDIVIDUALS .—An individual described in this paragraph is an alien who enlists in the Armed Forces under section 513(a) of title 10, United States Code, pursu-ant to a determination provided for in sec-tion 504(b)(2) of such title. (3) P
ROTECTIONS AND CONDITIONS .—The pro- tections and conditions specified in this paragraph with respect to an individual are the following: (A) That the individual may not be re-moved from the United States. (B) That the individual shall be permitted to depart and reenter the United States. (C) That the individual shall be deemed to be lawfully present and authorized for em-ployment as of the date of accession into the Armed Forces. (c) D
ELAYED ENTRY PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 513(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (3); (B) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing new paragraph (2): ‘‘(2) A person enlisted under subsection (a) who accesses into the armed forces pursuant to section 504(b)(2) of this title shall not be subject to the provisions of paragraph (1), but shall be enlisted in a regular component of an armed force as soon as practicable after enlistment.’’; and (C) in paragraph (3), as redesignated by subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or (2)’’ after ‘‘paragraph (1)’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply to persons described by para-graph (2) of section 513(b) of title 10, United States Code (as so amended), who are en-listed in the Armed Forces as of the date of the enactment of this Act. (3) R
ETROACTIVE APPLICABILITY .—If a per- son enlisted in the Armed Forces under sec-tion 513(a) of title 10, United States Code, pursuant to a determination provided for in section 504(b)(2) of such title and was sepa-rated from the Armed Forces pursuant to the operation of section 513(b) of such title be-fore the date of the enactment of this Act, the person shall, at the election of the per-son, be permitted to reenlist in the Armed Forces under section 513(a) of such title after that date (and be subject to paragraph (2) of section 513(b) of such title (as amended by paragraph (1) of this subsection) if the Sec-retary concerned determines that the indi-vidual remains eligible for enlistment in the Armed Force as of the date of reenlistment. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘Secretary concerned’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(a)(9) of title 10, United States Code. (2) The terms ‘‘alien’’ and ‘‘immigration laws’’ have the meaning given such terms in section 101(a) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)). SA 997. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part I of subtitle F of title V, add the following: 
SEC. ll. EDUCATIONAL OPPORTUNITIES FOR MILITARY CHILDREN IN SCIENCE, TECHNOLOGY, ENGINEERING, AND MATHEMATICS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The United States military is keenly aware of the need to support the families of those who serve our country. (2) Military children face unique chal-lenges in educational achievement due to frequent changes of station by, deployments by, and even injuries to their parents. (3) Investing in quality education opportu-nities for all military children from cradle to career ensures parents are able to stay fo-cused on the mission, and children are able to benefit from consistent relationships with caring teachers who support their early learning so they can be ready to excel in school. (4) Research shows that early math is at least as predictive of later school success as early literacy. (5) Investing in early learning for military children is an important element in a com-prehensive strategy for ensuring a smart, skilled, and committed future national secu-rity workforce. (6) To strengthen the global standing and military might of the United States, tech-nology, and innovation, the Nation must continuously look for ways to strengthen early education of children in science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM). (b) G
UIDANCE .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall issue guidance to the Armed Forces in order to ensure the following: (1) The placement of a priority on sup-porting early learning in science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathematics for children, including those at Department of Defense schools and schools serving large military child populations. (2) Support for efforts to ensure that train-ing and curriculum specialists, teachers and other caregivers, and staff serving military children have the training and skills nec-essary to implement instruction in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics that provides the necessary foundation for future learning and educational achievement in such areas. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the following: (1) A description and assessment of the progress made in improving educational op-portunities and achievement for military children in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.042 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5240 September 12, 2017 
(2) A description and assessment of efforts to implement the guidance issued under sub-section (b). 
SA 998. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. B
ROWN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1088. LOCATION OF THE PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THE AVIATION HALL OF FAME. 
Section 23107 of title 36, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Dayton,’’ and all that follows through ‘‘trustees.’’ and in-serting ‘‘Ohio.’’. 
SA 999. Mr. TOOMEY (for himself and Mr. C
ASEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After subsection (a) of section 343, insert the following: (b) E
XPOSURE ASSESSMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry and in consultation with the Department of Defense, shall conduct an exposure assessment of no less than 8 cur-rent or former domestic military installa-tions known to have per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) contamination in drink-ing water, ground water, and any other sources of water and relevant exposure vec-tors. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The exposure assessment required under this subsection shall— (A) include— (i) for each military installation covered under the exposure assessment, a statistical sample to be determined by the Secretary of Health and Human Services in consultation with the relevant State health departments; and (ii) bio-monitoring for assessing the con-tamination described in paragraph (1); and (B) produce findings, which shall be— (i) used to help design the study described in subsection (a)(1); and (ii) released to the appropriate congres-sional committees not later than 1 year after the conclusion of such exposure assessment. (3) T
IMING .—The exposure assessment re-quired under this subsection shall— (A) begin not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act; and (B) conclude not later than 2 years after such date of enactment. 
SA 1000. Mr. M CCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle G of title V, add the following: 
SEC. ll. AUTHORIZATION FOR AWARD OF THE MEDAL OF HONOR TO GARLIN M. CONNER FOR ACTS OF VALOR DUR-ING WORLD WAR II. 
(a) W AIVER OF TIME LIMITATIONS .—Not- withstanding the time limitations specified in section 3744 of title 10, United States Code, or any other time limitation with re-spect to the awarding of certain medals to persons who served in the Armed Forces, the President may award the Medal of Honor under section 3741 of such title to Garlin M. Conner for the acts of valor during World War II described in subsection (b). (b) A
CTS OF VALOR DESCRIBED .—The acts of valor referred to in subsection (a) are the ac-tions of Garlin M. Conner during combat on January 24, 1945, as a member of the United States Army in the grade of First Lieuten-ant in France while serving with Company K, 3d Battalion, 7th Infantry Regiment, 3d Infantry Division, for which he was pre-viously awarded the Distinguished Service Cross. 
SA 1001. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XVI, add the following: 
SEC. 1630C. DESIGNATION OF OFFICIAL FOR MAT-TERS RELATING TO INTEGRATING CYBERSECURITY AND INDUSTRIAL CONTROL SYSTEMS WITHIN THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION OF INTEGRATING OFFI-
CIAL.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall designate one official to be responsible for all matters relating to inte-grating cybersecurity and industrial control systems within the Department of Defense. (b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The official des-ignated pursuant to subsection (a) shall be responsible for all matters described in such subsection at all levels of command, from the Department to the facility using indus-trial control systems, including developing Department-wide certification standards for integration of industrial control systems and taking into consideration frameworks set forth by the National Institute of Standards and Technology for the cybersecurity of such systems. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, I have 8 re-quests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, September 12, 2017, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled, ‘‘Examining the Fintech Landscape.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
The Committee on Finance is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, September 12, 2017, at 10 a.m., in 215 Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Health Care: Issues Impacting Cost and Coverage.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Tuesday, Sep-tember 12, 2017, at 9:30 a.m., to hold a hearing entitled ‘‘Nominations.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
The Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions is author-ized to meet, during the session of the Senate, in order to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Stabilizing Premiums and Helping Individuals in the Individual Insurance Market for 2018: State Flexi-bility’’ on Tuesday, September 12, 2017, at 10 a.m., in room 430 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, September 12, 2017, at 10:15 a.m., in order to conduct a hearing on the nominations of Daniel J. Kaniewski to be Deputy Adminis-trator for Protection and National Pre-paredness, Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency, U.S. Department of Homeland Security, and Jonathan H. Pittman to be an Associate Judge, Su-perior Court of the District of Colum-bia. 
COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Senate Select Committee on In-telligence is authorized to meet during the session of the 115th Congress of the U.S. Senate on Tuesday, September 12, 2017, from 2:30 p.m., in room SH–219 of the Senate Hart Office Building to hold a Closed Member Roundtable. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON ENERGY OVERSIGHT  
The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is author-ized to hold a meeting during the ses-sion of the Senate on Tuesday, Sep-tember 12, 2017, at 2:30 p.m., in room 253 of the Russell Senate Office Building. The Committee will hold Sub-committee Hearing on ‘‘Reauthoriza-tion of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act: Oversight of Fisheries Management Successes and Challenges.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES SUBCOMMITTEE ON ENERGY  
The Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources’ Subcommittee on Energy is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate in order to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.042 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5241 September 12, 2017 
hold a hearing on Tuesday, September 12, 2017, at 3 p.m., in Room 366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building in Washington, DC. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that Jeffrey Buck, a fel-low in my office, be granted floor privi-leges for the remainder of the year. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Wednesday, Sep-tember 13; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; finally, that following leader remarks, and notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXII, the Senate resume consideration of the motion to proceed to H.R. 2810 with no postcloture time remaining. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:02 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, September 13, 2017, at 10 a.m. DISCHARGED NOMINATION The Senate Committee on Armed Services was discharged from further consideration of the following nomina-tion pursuant to S. Res. 470 of the 113th Congress and the nomination was re-ferred sequentially to the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs for 20 calendar days under authority of the order of the Senate of 01/07/2009: ROBERT P. STORCH, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE INSPECTOR GENERAL OF THE NATIONAL SECU-RITY AGENCY. 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate September 12, 2017: 
EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT  
KEVIN ALLEN HASSETT, OF MASSACHUSETTS, TO BE CHAIRMAN OF THE COUNCIL OF ECONOMIC ADVISERS. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A12SE6.045 S12SEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1199 September 12, 2017 
HONORING COMMAND SERGEANT MAJOR WILLIAM CLARK, JR. 
HON. JIMMY PANETTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 12, 2017 Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Command Sergeant Major William Clark, Jr. for his forty years of service to the California National Guard. Sgt. Clark has long demonstrated a commitment to this country and the state of California. Upon entering basic training at Fort Jackson, S.C. in 1974, Clark’s sense of honor and duty was apparent as he voluntarily enlisted during a time when the armed forces draft was still well in place during the war in Vietnam. Recognizing the importance of developing specialized trade skills while simultaneously serving in the Army, Clark trained to be a contract construc-tion engineer. He was subsequently stationed in Fort Ord on the central coast of California where he excelled as an engineer and met his wife Laurie, who also came from a military family. While by all accounts Sgt. Clark served his country selflessly, he maintains that his wife has sacrificed more throughout their mar-riage. After serving in the Army for three years, Sgt. Clark went on to start a career as a facili-ties engineer and eventually entered the fed-eral workforce as a journeyman. However, as Sgt. Clark was preparing to leave active duty, a military recruiter convinced him to take a po-sition with the National Guard. He started his National Guard service for the state of Cali-fornia with the 149th Armor Company, a unit he served with honorably, eventually earning the position of Platoon Sergeant. Clark contin-ued his service by taking on various respon-sibilities with the California National Guard, serving as Command Sergeant Major in 1997, and eventually became ‘‘Senior Enlisted Advi-sor’’ to the Adjutant General in 2008. One of Sgt. Clark’s most notable achievements came during his deployment to Kosovo with Brig. Gen. Jeffrey Gidley, the Deputy Commander of the California Army National Guard. For his service in Kosovo, Clark was awarded both the NATO Medal and Kosovo Campaign Medal. In addition to these awards, Sgt. Clark’s achievements also include the Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, Humani-tarian Service Medal, Legion of Merit, Meri-torious Service Medal, Army Commendation Medal, Overseas Service Ribbon, Armed Forces Reserve Medal, and the National De-fense Service Medal. In honor of his retirement, I would like to commend Command Sergeant Major William Clark, Jr. for his service. His local roots and long career of service and sacrifice to our country make me especially proud to recog-nize Sgt. Clark. His career is an example of selfless sacrifice and honor. I wish him the best in his retirement and am especially grate-ful for his contribution to the armed forces of the United States and the State of California. HONORING THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE SMITHONIAN’S ANACOSTIA COMMUNITY MU-SEUM HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 12, 2017 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the House of Representatives to join me in honoring the 50th anniversary of the Smithsonian’s Anacostia Community Museum. The Anacostia Community Museum, which opened in 1976, has been a staple of the Dis-trict of Columbia community. Not only has the museum served as a major cultural institution, including in highlighting the important contribu-tions made by African Americans to D.C. and the nation, but it has also served as a pillar of educational enrichment and achievement through its Museum Academy Program. In ad-dition, the museum’s Citizen Scientist Program brings high school students and Smithsonian educators, as well as scientists, together to engage in environmental stewardship and learn more about science, technology, engi-neering and mathematics initiatives. The museum also continues to be a domi-nant force in terms of community engagement, creating a hands-on children’s room and a youth advisory council. Additionally, the mu-seum works on a number of events and projects that focus on community restoration within Anacostia. For example, the museum recently hosted a community forum with the National Park Service to illustrate the impor-tance of volunteering within one’s community and also partnered with WTTG Fox 5 to allow visitors to participate in an urban gardening project. Aside from its community engagement and restoration, the Anacostia Community Museum showcases various exhibits that focus on the different issues that impact urban commu-nities, both in D.C. and nationwide. Specifi-cally, the museum works with D.C. residents, artists, community activists, scholars, local offi-cials and other outside organizations to cul-tivate carefully crafted exhibits that challenge museum visitors to think critically and enhance their museum experience. Therefore, I ask the House of Representa-tives to join me in honoring the Anacostia Community Museum, an institution that con-tinues to remain at the forefront of addressing social and political issues that affect individ-uals in D.C. and the nation, as it celebrates its 50th Anniversary. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS ON 50 YEARS, SHERIFF CHARLES WAGNER 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 12, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Brazoria County Sheriff Charles Wagner in celebration of the 50th anniversary of his service as a law enforcement officer. Sheriff Wagner joined the Freeport Police Department in 1967. He has worked as a pa-trol officer, patrol sergeant, detective sergeant, detective lieutenant and Chief of Detectives. He also served as the Chief Deputy from 1985 until taking office as Sheriff in 2005. As Sheriff of the oldest Sheriffs’ Office in the State of Texas, he has been an integral part of keep-ing the Brazoria County community safe. Our law enforcement officers risk their lives each and every day to protect our communities. Sheriff Wagner exemplifies the leadership and service that makes Brazoria County a great place to live, work and raise a family. We thank him for his service and 50 years of ex-ceptional leadership. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, I wanted again to thank Sheriff Wagner for his dedicated public service. All of Brazoria County has benefitted from his commitment to safety and we thank him. Congratulations on 50 years, Sheriff. f 
HONORING THE LIVES OF TONY 
DEBRUM AND MATTLAN ZACHRAS 
HON. AUMUA AMATA COLEMAN RADEWAGEN 
OF AMERICAN SAMOA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 12, 2017 Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory of the remarkable lives of the Honorable Anton ‘‘Tony’’ deBrum and the Honorable Mattlan Zachras, both of whom led exemplary careers of public service in the Re-public of the Marshall Islands, and both at-tained high posts of trust in their country. They were known and respected far beyond their own nation, and are remembered with fondness throughout the Pacific Island nations. I am proud and privileged to have known them and called them friends, and remember with appreciation that they were longstanding friends of my home, American Samoa. In par-ticular, my brothers and I have known Tony like he was family since childhood when we spent some time living in the Marshall Islands. Tony deBrum was an effective political lead-er for decades and a historic advocate of the national independence of the Republic of the Marshall Islands, and his memory will rightly be cherished in his country as a national hero. In his illustrious government career in the Mar-shall Islands, he served as Minister and finally as Climate Ambassador, and he also served at different times in both the Cabinet and Nitijela (Parliament). Likewise, Mattlan Zachras left us recently and far too soon at the age of 47. He rep-resented Namdrik Atoll in Nitijela since 2004, worked for grassroots community develop-ment, and through his role as Minister in As-sistance to President Hilda Heine was an out-spoken leader at international climate meet-ings. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:56 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K12SE8.001 E12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1200 September 12, 2017 
I also include in the R ECORD the stirring words of President Heine as expressed in the August 25 publication of the Marshall Islands Journal. Mr. Speaker, I offer my heartfelt condo-lences to President Heine and the people of the Republic of the Marshall Islands, and I ask the Members of the U.S. House of Represent-atives to join me in recognizing the lifelong dedication exemplified by Tony deBrum and Mattlan Zachras, and honor these dedicated men of public service and the many national values that our countries share. 
It is with great sadness and a very heavy heart that I announce that the Marshall Is-lands lost a national hero Tuesday with the passing of our Climate Ambassador and former Minister Tony deBrum. Tony passed away peacefully in Majuro, surrounded by his proud father, as well as his wife and partner in life, Rosalie, and their three children, ten grandchildren and five great-grandchildren—including newly born Cei’Ena. My thoughts and prayers, as well as those of the government and the people of the Marshall Islands, are with them. Tony’s legacy goes beyond our islands, and will go beyond those of us that call the Mar-shall Islands home. He fought for our inde-pendence, he fought against the tyranny of nuclear weapons and for nuclear justice for our people, and he led the international fight against climate change. The very existence of the Paris Agreement owes a lot to Tony deBrum. He was a giant of history, a legend in every meaning of the word, and a custo-dian of our shared future. Born on February 26, 1945 in Tuvalu, Tony grew up in the Marshall Islands during the twelve-year period of US nuclear testing and, as a young boy out fishing with his grand-father, witnessed the horrors of the Bravo Shot, the largest US nuclear test—more than 1,000 times more powerful than Hiroshima. After becoming one of the first Marshallese to attend university, he returned to our is-land home to play a leading role in the nego-tiations that secured the Compact of Free Association with the United States, and ulti-mately our membership in the United Na-tions. Tony remained consistently and deep-ly committed to the cause of nuclear justice and global disarmament, and in 2012 was awarded the Nuclear Age Peace Foundation’s Distinguished Peace Leader Award. In 2015 the Right Livelihood Foundation awarded him the Nuclear-Free Future Award and the ‘Alternative Nobel’. In 2016 he was voted the Arms Control Person of the Year and nomi-nated for the Nobel Peace Prize. Tony found himself fighting for our coun-try once again in the global battle against climate change. Tony’s vision was captured in the Majuro Declaration for Climate Lead-ership in 2013, and in 2015 he contributed to the formation of the High Ambition Coali-tion. His tireless efforts on the world stage were instrumental in securing the Paris Agreement. On this day that Tony passed, we also held our final traditional funeral ceremony for Minister Mattlan Zachras who passed away less than two weeks ago. I am certain that Tony will join Mattlan in looking over the Marshall Islands. While our nation may have lost two of our finest men, and the Earth two of its fiercest champions, the best thing we can all do to honor their legacies is to keep up the battle for our future—to which they dedicated their lives. We now carry their torch. Tony made our island home and the rest of the world safer and more peaceful. And for that a grateful nation and planet says kommol tata. May he rest in the peace that he fought so hard for.—Hilda Heine, Presi-dent INTRODUCTION OF THE UNITED STATES COMMISSION ON AN OPEN SOCIETY WITH SECURITY ACT 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 12, 2017 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to reintro-duce the United States Commission on an Open Society with Security Act, a bill as timely now as it was when I first began working on it. I saw the first signs in the closing of parts of our open society after the Oklahoma City bombing in 1995, and I saw it again after 9/ 11. This bill grows even more urgent as the country is ensnared in continuing wars that threaten our security, causing an increasing variety of security measures to proliferate throughout the country without due diligence and deep thinking about the effects on com-mon freedoms and ordinary public access, and often without guidance from the govern-ment or bona fide security experts. For exam-ple, security in some federal buildings bar tourists here for Cherry Blossom season from even use of restrooms or cafeterias. The se-curity for some federal buildings has for too long been unduly influenced by non-security experts, who happen to work for an agency but do not have the expertise to take into ac-count actual threats. The bill I reintroduce today would begin the systematic investigation the nation needs to fully take into account the importance of main-taining our democratic traditions while re-sponding adequately to the real and substan-tial threat that terrorism poses. To accomplish its difficult mission, the bill authorizes a 21- member commission, with the president desig-nating nine members and the House and Sen-ate each designating six members, to inves-tigate the balance that should be required be-tween openness and security. The commis-sion would be composed not only of military and security experts, but, for the first time at the same table, also experts from such fields as business, architecture, technology, law, city planning, art, engineering, philosophy, history, sociology and psychology. To date, questions of security most often have been left almost exclusively to security and military experts. They are indispensable participants, but these experts should not alone resolve all the new and unprecedented issues raised by terrorism in an open society. In order to strike the secu-rity/access balance required by our democratic traditions, a diverse group of experts needs to be at the same table. For years, parts of our open society have gradually been closed down because of ter-rorism and the fear of terrorism, on an often ad hoc basis. Some federal buildings such as the U.S. Capitol have been able to deal with security issues, and continue their openness to the public. Others, like the new Department of Transportation headquarters, remain mostly inaccessible to the public. These examples, drawn from the nation’s capital, are replicated in public buildings throughout the United States. When we have faced unprecedented and perplexing issues in the past, we have had the good sense to investigate them deeply before moving to resolve them. Examples include the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States (also known as the 9/ 11 Commission), the Commission on the Intel-ligence Capabilities of the United States Re-garding Weapons of Mass Destruction (also known as the Silberman-Robb Commission), and the Kerner Commission, which inves-tigated the riots that swept American cities in the 1960s and 1970s. In the aftermath of the 2013 Navy Yard shooting, I wrote to then- President Barack Obama requesting the es-tablishment of an independent panel to inves-tigate issues raised by that tragedy and to evaluate how to secure federal employees who work in facilities like the Navy Yard that are a part of a residential or business commu-nity. However, this bill creates a commission that would act not in the wake of a tragedy but before a crisis and before erosion of basic freedoms takes hold and becomes en-trenched. Because global terrorism is likely to be long lasting, we cannot afford to allow the proliferation of security measures that neither require nor are subject to civilian oversight or an analysis of alternatives and repercussions on freedom and commerce. With no vehicles for leadership on issues of security and openness, we have been left to muddle through, using blunt, 19th-century ap-proaches, such as crude blockades, unsightly barriers around beautiful monuments, and other signals that our society is closing down, all without appropriate exploration of possible alternatives. The threat of terrorism to an open society is too serious to be left to ad hoc prob-lem-solving. Such approaches are often as in-adequate as they are menacing. We can do better, but only if we recognize and come to grips with the complexities asso-ciated with maintaining a society of free and open access in a world characterized by un-precedented terrorism. The place to begin is with a high-level commission of experts from a broad array of disciplines to help chart the new course that will be required to protect our people and our precious democratic institu-tions and traditions. 
f 
HONORING STEVEN WHYTE 
HON. JIMMY PANETTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 12, 2017 Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the work of Steven Whyte, a sculp-tor based out of Carmel, California. His most recent sculpture, a bronze bust of our col-league, Congressman J
OHN CONYERS , Jr., has been accepted into the permanent collection of the National Portrait Gallery of the Smithso-nian Institution. Steven Whyte was born in England. He spent his youth living throughout Europe where he was inspired by the continent’s ex-pansive culture and history. From an early age, it was evident that art would maintain a constant presence in his life. Mr. Whyte stud-ied at the prestigious Sir Henry Doulton School of Sculpture, which served as a cata-lyst for his remarkable career in portrait sculp-ture. His accomplishments in the medium were recognized when he became the young-est-ever member of the Society of Portrait Sculptors at age 24 and later the organiza-tion’s Vice-President. Whyte works out of his studio and gallery on the central coast of California in Carmel. He is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:56 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12SE8.003 E12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1201 September 12, 2017 
credited with more than 40 life size and larger bronze figure and monuments in the United States and United Kingdom. Whyte’s work in-cludes memorials for fallen first responders and soldiers, tributes to beloved cultural fig-ures, and public art installations. One of his most prominent pieces on the Central Coast is the Cannery Row Monument located in Mon-terey. This piece features nine life-size figures, including author John Steinbeck, recipient of the Nobel Prize, and other figures prominent in Central Coast history. Whyte’s bronze bust of Congressman J
OHN J. C
ONYERS , Jr. is one of the first busts sculpted of a sitting Member of Congress. His work captures Congressman C
ONYERS ’ signifi- cance as the Dean of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives and a founding member of the Congressional Black Caucus. On behalf of California’s 20th Congressional District, I thank Steven Whyte for the rich trib-ute that his bronze sculpture affords our Con-gressional colleague, J
OHN J. C ONYERS , Jr. I also appreciate the recognition that Steven Whyte has brought to the Central Coast’s ar-tistic community through the acclaim of his art by the National Portrait Gallery of the Smithso-nian Institution. 
f 
CONGRATULATING RYAN DARBY 
HON. JAMIE RASKIN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 12, 2017 Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate, honor and thank a truly impres-sive young constituent from my district, 14- year old Ryan Darby, who is completing two years of exemplary service as a National Youth Ambassador for the Hyundai Hope On Wheels Foundation to fight pediatric cancer. Ryan lives in Bethesda, Maryland and is himself a cancer survivor. He was selected to serve as a Hyundai Hope On Wheels National Youth Ambassador in March 2016. Since then, Ryan has traveled across Amer-ica to share his story of illness, resiliency, courage and hope and to inspire others to par-ticipate in the fight against cancer. Ryan joined Hyundai Hope On Wheels in its continuing mission to educate people about pediatric cancer and to raise money—over $130 million since 1998—to find a cure. Over the last two years, Ryan visited many children’s hospitals and attended events to stand in solidarity with children and families who are battling cancer or who have been af-fected by the disease. He has spoken at nu-merous schools and even shared his story on TV and radio. Ryan was only six years old when he was diagnosed with Acute Lymphoblastic Leu-kemia, and he became one tough cancer sur-vivor. He is an inspiring example of physical cour-age, mental toughness and devotion to the well-being of others. I am especially proud of him for giving others hope. We encourage and applaud the kind of selfless contributions this young man has made. I wish Ryan Darby the best of luck with all his future endeavors, and I urge my col-leagues in the House of Representatives to join me in congratulating him on a job well done as he completes his service as a 2016– 2017 Hyundai Hope On Wheels National Youth Ambassador. f 
IN HONOR OF THE DEDICATION OF THE CITY OF DENTON’S 9/11 FIREFIGHTERS MEMORIAL BELL TOWER 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 12, 2017 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the City of Denton, Texas as they dedicate a 9/11 Firefighters Memorial Bell Tower featuring an I-beam from the World Trade Center and Denton’s original bronze fire bell. The Memorial was dedicated on the 16th anniversary of the terrorist attacks in New York City, Washington, D.C., and rural Penn-sylvania. An I-beam from the World Trade Center stands at the bottom of the 30-foot bell tower structure, which protects the I-beam below and frames the entrance to the Denton Fire-fighters Museum and Central Fire Station. The monument provides a visual representation of New York’s landmark Twin Towers and dis-plays the number 343 in remembrance of the firefighters who were killed at Ground Zero, as well as the words courage, dedication, and service, in honor of all firefighters. The bell tower structure also features Den-ton’s original bronze fire bell from City Hall West, which hangs at the top of the monu-ment. The bell once sounded three times a day and was used to alert residents of fires. Cast originally in 1884, the bell was recently refurbished and made fully operational to make the same sounds as heard in historic Denton. The dedication of the monument occurred as part of a special memorial event featuring retired New York City firefighter Bill Spade, who was at Ground Zero on September 11, 2001. Mr. Spade is the only survivor of the twelve responding firefighters on FDNY Res-cue 5, a unit of the Special Operations Com-mand. He shared his experiences from that unforgettable day, and put into perspective the debt of gratitude each of us owes to first re-sponders that serve their communities each day. I would like to express my sincere apprecia-tion to the City of Denton as they honor the firefighters lost while responding to the attacks on our country in 2001, as well as the men and women currently serving Denton under the direction of Chief Paulsgrove and other leaders like him across Denton County. This recognition is well-deserved, and I am hon-ored to represent these professionals and their families in the 26th District of Texas. 
f 
HONORING PETTY OFFICER CHARLES NATHAN FINDLEY 
HON. PETER J. ROSKAM 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 12, 2017 Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of United States Navy Petty Officer Charles Nathan Findley and his service to our nation. On August 20th of this year, Petty Offi-cer Findley was killed after a collision between the USS John S. McCain and a merchant ves-sel in waters near Singapore and Malaysia. Respected by his fellow officers, Findley served as an electronics technician first class in the Navy. His friends and family will remem-ber his love of rebuilding cars, Japanese cul-ture, and foreign travel. Findley was a father and husband, leaving behind an 8-year-old daughter, 6-year-old son, and his beloved wife Riho. His contributions as a Petty Officer for the United States Navy and his sacrifice to our na-tion serves as a reminder to us all that our freedom exists because of the dedication of brave individuals such as Charles. Our country is at a loss without his loyal service. Mr. Speaker and distinguished colleagues, please join me in honoring Petty Officer Charles Nathan Findley and his distinguished service to our nation. f 
TRIBUTE TO LAUREN BAKER 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 12, 2017 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Lauren Baker who has served as a mentor, teacher, labor leader, college instruc-tor, consultant, and administrator. Lauren is retiring from her current position as Executive Director of the Milwaukee Teachers’ Education Association (MTEA) comprised of educators, educational assistants’, substitutes and book-keepers who work on behalf of the students attending Milwaukee Public Schools (MPS). She officially retired on August 31, 2017. Lauren has enjoyed a distinguished career. She spent over 25 years in the printing indus-try working as a journeyperson lithographer and then served as Education Director for the Graphic Communications International Union Local 577M (now GCC/IBT and Director of the Milwaukee Graphic Arts Institute (MGAI). Lauren taught at MGAI and Milwaukee Area Technical College. Highlights of her work dur-ing this period of her career include: leading the successful part-time teachers organizing campaign at MATC, founding the GCIU Wom-en’s Caucus and developing and implementing sexual harassment training for union members and employers. For 10 years, Lauren served as the Coordinator Career and Technical Edu-cation (CTE) for MPS. She led the district wide efforts in trade technical and other career educational disciplines. Further, she revitalized the career programming, advocated for pub-lically funded career education at the state and federal level and also coordinated the work for teachers in schools for the CTE pro-grams. Lauren has served on numerous boards; she has served on the MATC Board for 19 years. She co-chairs the statewide District Boards Association’s Legislation Committee and represented the Midwest Region on the National Board of Directors for the Association of Community College Trustees. Further, Lauren served on the National Council for Skills Standards in Graphic Communications, the State Superintendent’s Council of Tech-nical and Engineering Education and Mil-waukee County Advisory Committee on Ap-prenticeships and other committees in relation to workforce preparation and education. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:56 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K12SE8.002 E12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1202 September 12, 2017 
Lauren Baker has been recognized for her work including Graduate of the Last Decade (GOLD) award for the University of Wisconsin- Milwaukee (UWM) where she earned a Master of Science Degree in Administrative Leader-ship and Educational Supervision. She was honored by Business Journal as a Woman of Influence. In 2010, Lauren was invited to the White House as a part of a small group advis-ing the Obama Administration on equity in technical education for the National Educate to Innovate Initiative. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to call Lauren, her husband John Drew, a UAW labor leader and adult son, Nick, my friends. She has left a leg-acy of advocacy and compassion and is a true trailblazer. The citizens of the Fourth Congres-sional District, the State of Wisconsin and the nation have benefited tremendously from her dedicated service. I am honored for these rea-sons to pay tribute to Lauren Baker, and wish her the best as she transitions into a new phase of her life. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SUZANNE BONAMICI 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 12, 2017 Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to be in Washington, D.C. on September 5, 2017 because my flight from Oregon was de-layed due to weather. Had I been present, I would have voted in favor of H.R. 2864, the Improving Access to Capital Act, and H.R. 3110, the Financial Stability Oversight Council Insurance Member Continuity Act. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF STEVE NOR-TON AND HIS SERVICE AS EXEC-UTIVE DIRECTOR OF THE NEW HAMPSHIRE CENTER FOR PUB-LIC POLICY STUDIES 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 12, 2017 Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Steve Norton as he moves on after twelve years from his role as Executive Director of the New Hampshire Center for Public Policy Studies. As Executive Director of the New Hamp-shire Center for Public Policy Studies, and previously as director of Medicaid Service for the N.H. Department of Health and Human Services, Steve made invaluable contributions to our community and our state. Through his commitment and compassion, he helped im-prove the lives of countless families and com-munities in need, and his vision has helped to create a better future for the Granite State and its residents. On behalf of New Hampshire’s Second Con-gressional District and all those who have benefitted from Steve’s work, I thank him for all he has done for our state, and I wish him the best of luck in his next step. I look forward to our continued work together to make New Hampshire be an even better place to live, work, and raise a family. HONORING THE LIFE OF RON ARMSTEAD HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 12, 2017 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the House of Representatives to join me in recognizing Ron Armstead, the Executive Director of the Congressional Black Caucus Veterans Braintrust. Mr. Armstead began his career in public service as the Executive Director of the Con-gressional Black Caucus Veterans Braintrust, a role he has served in since the program’s in-ception. Since then, he has served under var-ious members, including former Representa-tive Charles Rangel and Representative E
DDIE B
ERNICE JOHNSON . Currently, Mr. Armstead serves under Representative S
ANFORD BISHOP  Jr. In addition, Mr. Armstead also served as a consultant to the late Secretary Jerry Brown’s Veterans Affairs’ Advisory Committee on Mi-nority Veterans. Mr. Armstead holds a Master’s in City Plan-ning with a concentration in Affordable Hous-ing and Community Development from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and is also a licensed social worker in the Common-wealth of Massachusetts. Therefore, I ask the House of Representa-tives to join me in recognizing Ron Armstead for his hard work with the Congressional Black Caucus Veterans Braintrust. 
f 
HONORING SCOTT FRANZGROTE FOR HIS DISTINGUISHED SERV-ICE AS FIRE CHIEF OF THE ROLLING MEADOWS FIRE DE-PARTMENT 
HON. PETER J. ROSKAM 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 12, 2017 Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to rise today in recognition of the long and distin-guished service of Scott Franzgrote on the oc-casion of his retirement. On September 29th of this year, Mr. Franzgrote will conclude his loyal service as Fire Chief of the Rolling Meadows Fire Department. Chief Franzgrote has served the community for a total of 27 years, including the last six years as Fire Chief of the Rolling Meadows Fire Department. Since joining the department in 1990, his extraordinary leadership has earned him great respect among colleagues and members of the community. During his tenure, Chief Franzgrote led a consolidation effort for services with the Pala-tine and Palatine Rural fire departments. The ‘‘Rural Palatine Meadows’’ initiative has led to shared equipment, standardized training, streamlined responses to incidents, and has already saved the city of Rolling Meadows hundreds of thousands of dollars. Mr. Speaker and distinguished colleagues, please join me in celebrating this special occa-sion and wishing Chief Franzgrote every hap-piness in the well-deserved respite of his re-tirement. DISCUSSION ABOUT REMOVING A PLAQUE ON THE JEFFERSON COUNTY COURTHOUSE HON. ALEXANDER X. MOONEY 
OF WEST VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 12, 2017 Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. Speak-er, I include in the R
ECORD the following re-marks by Peter Onoszko, President of the Jef-ferson County Commission: 
‘‘With malice toward none and charity for all’’ thus said President Abraham Lincoln in his Second Inaugural Address in 1865. Even though the Civil War would continue for sev-eral more months before the final victory over the Confederate States, President Lin-coln was already setting the country on the path of reconciliation. Regardless of the military victory, the President knew that unless there was a reconciliation the mili-tary victory would be meaningless. The path of reconciliation has been slow and tortuous. However, in the decades fol-lowing the Civil War all but the most senior of the former Confederate military and civil-ian leadership had their United States citi-zenship restored by Congress. The post-War careers of Confederate general officers is il-lustrative of the reconciliation. Depending on how one counts, there were between 425 and 562 Confederate general officers. Of these numbers, 3 were recalled to active duty dur-ing the Spanish-American War and served in the United States Army. 51 were appointed to various federal civilian positions ranging from US ambassadors to foreign govern-ments to US marshals to membership on var-ious federal commissions to postmasters and so forth. 45 were elected to the US Congress as senators and representatives and at least one was appointed to a federal judgeship. What of the ordinary soldiers and how they felt? In 1905 on the 40th anniversary of the Civil War, Congress authorized the first cam-paign medal ever awarded to members of the Armed Forces and this was the Civil War Campaign Medal awarded to all who had served honorably in BOTH the Union and Confederate armies. Perhaps the most poign-ant demonstration of reconciliation was the Battle of Gettysburg Reunion of 1913 mark-ing the fiftieth anniversary of that great battle. Thousands of surviving veterans from both the North and the South gathered at the site of the battle. During several days of the reunion, Confederate and Union veterans toured the battlefield walking arm in arm as they revisited the site and reminisced with each other, recognizing that there was an unbreakable bond that had risen among all who had participated. By 1978 the United States Congress had re-stored US citizenship to all of the senior leadership of the Confederacy, in some cases posthumously. The last was Jefferson Davis, President of the Confederacy, who post-humously had his US citizenship restored by an act of Congress in 1978. In signing this act President Jimmy Carter observed that this was the final act of reconciliation. Paralleling the reconciliation of ‘‘the Boys in Blue and the Boys in Gray’’ was the rec-onciliation between white and black Ameri-cans. This also followed a tortuous path. Starting with the Emancipation Proclama-tion promulgated in 1863 and continuing with the ratification of the 13th, 14th, and 15th Amendments to the Constitution between 1864 and 1870, slavery was abolished and black Americans were recognized as full citi-zens of the United States with all the rights and privileges pertaining thereto. Unfortunately the full acceptance of black Americans was legally obstructed in many 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:56 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE8.005 E12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1203 September 12, 2017 
sections of the country for the next century with the enactment of ‘‘Jim Crow’’ laws which made racial segregation and discrimi-nation legal (‘‘Separate but equal’’ as the US Supreme Court ruled in Plessy v. Ferguson [1896]). However, the path toward racial rec-onciliation continued. The Armed Forces were racially integrated by President Harry Truman during the Korean War and Plessy v. Ferguson was overturned by the US Supreme Court in 1954 with the Brown v. Board of Education decision which ruled that ‘‘Sepa-rate but equal is not equal at all’’ to cite several examples of the country moving to-ward complete reconciliation. The struggle to legally abolish racial discrimination and insure civil rights for all Americans of what-ever racial background, in which struggle both black and white Americans partici-pated, came to a head in the civil rights pro-tests and demonstrations of the 1960s. This resulted in the landmark Civil Rights Legis-lation of the era which ended racial segrega-tion and outlawed discrimination on the basis of race. In our lifetime we have had an African American president, African American cabi-net officers, including two secretaries of state, two African American Justices on the Supreme Court, several African American four-star generals including one Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, many Members of Congress in both the Senate and House, along with African American leaders in busi-ness, industry, science, medicine, academia, and the arts. Tragically today there exist small radical minorities among both white and black Americans who seek to undermine over a century and a half of progress toward the reconciliation between regions of America and the races of Americans, creating harmful division and discord between our people and threatening to destroy our country. This has got to stop. We are ALL Americans and as Abraham Lincoln said in 1858 ‘‘A house di-vided against itself cannot stand.’’ f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 12, 2017 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained and so I missed Roll Call vote number 480 regarding Motion to Concur (H.R. 601). Had I been present, I would have voted Yes; I missed Roll Call vote number 481 re-garding On Agreeing to the Amendment, Amendment No. 55 (H.R. 3354). Had I been present, I would have voted No; I missed Roll Call vote number 482 On Agreeing to the Amendment, Amendment No. 56 (H.R. 3354). Had I been present, I would have voted No; I missed Roll Call vote number 483 regarding On Agreeing to the Amendment, Amendment No. 57 (H.R. 3354). Had I been present, I would have voted Yes; and I missed Roll Call vote number 484 On Agreeing to the Amend-ment, Amendment No. 63 (H.R. 3354). Had I been present, I would have voted No. RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF MICHAEL DURANT HON. ERIC SWALWELL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 12, 2017 Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the distinguished service of Senior Deputy Sheriff Michael Dur-ant of the Santa Barbara County Sheriff’s De-partment and to thank him for his unwavering commitment to making California—and the United States—a safer place. We owe a debt of gratitude to all of our na-tion’s law enforcement officers, but Califor-nians are especially thankful for the impact that Mike has made in his community and state. Over the course of his law enforcement career, which now spans more than three dec-ades, Mike has held a number of important roles. He has been assigned to patrols and field trainings, conducted numerous investiga-tions, and done extensive work with the ca-nine unit. At each step as Mike rose through the ranks, he gained experience and expertise that prepared him well for the position he cur-rently holds with the Peace Officers Research Association of California, more commonly known as PORAC. PORAC’s mission is to identify the public safety needs in communities and help to provide the services necessary to adequately meet those changing needs. After serving for seven years as the group’s Vice President, in 2013 Mike was unanimously elected President and has since led the asso-ciation with distinction. As leader of the largest law enforcement or-ganization in California and the largest such statewide association in the nation with over 70,000 active members, Mike has strength-ened the association and enhanced PORAC’s voice at the state and national levels. I have seen firsthand Mike’s passion for enacting public policy aligned with PORAC’s honorable mission, at both the state and federal levels. When PORAC meets with Members of Con-gress this week, it will be the last time it does so under the leadership of President Durant. With Mike’s productive tenure as PORAC President coming to an end, I want to thank him for his service to California, congratulate him on a job well done, and wish him the very best in all of his future endeavors. I would also like to extend my deepest appreciation to Mike’s wife, Roxanne, and his three children— because as a son of a police officer and broth-er of two members of law enforcement myself, I recognize the sacrifices such families make while their loved ones serve in the line of duty. 
f 
HONORING DELPHINE METCALF- FOSTER 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 12, 2017 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the House of Representatives to join me in recognizing Delphine Metcalf-Foster, who is the National Commander of Disabled Amer-ican Veterans (DAV). Along with her position with DAV, Ms. Metcalf-Foster serves on the First Data Mili-tary Advisory Council, is a member of the DAV Department of California Claims and Service Committee, and has served as Chairman of the DAV Department of California Resolution Committee. In November 2015, she completed a four-year appointment as a member of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs’ Advisory Com-mittee on Women Veterans. Ms. Metcalf-Foster has served in multiple tours and units. In 1991, she was injured while serving in Saudi Arabia as a part of Operation Desert Storm/Desert Shield. She has also served with the U.S. Army Reserve, 689th Quartermaster Unit, 6253rd Hospital Unit and 6211th Transportation Unit at the Letterman Army Medical Center. In 1996, Ms. Metcalf- Foster retired from the Army Reserves with the rank of first sergeant. She is a graduate of Solano Community College and Sonoma State University, where she majored in psychology and liberal studies, respectively. Therefore, I ask the House of Representa-tives to join me in recognizing and honoring Ms. Delphine Metcalf-Foster. f 
REMEMBERING JOSE RAMOS 
HON. LINDA T. SA´NCHEZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 12, 2017 Ms. SA´NCHEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember my dear friend, and fierce advocate for his fellow veterans, Jose Ramos. I am deeply saddened by his passing, and my thoughts are with his wife, Sylvia, and his fam-ily at this very difficult time. Jose was a mem-ber of my Veterans Advisory Committee and a well-respected resource for veterans through-out our community. He will always be remem-bered for his tireless work to gain national rec-ognition for Welcome Home Vietnam Veterans Day. Jose Ramos was born in 1948 to Augustine and Herminia Ramos. He attended Garfield High School but chose to enlist in the Army when he was in 10th grade. He worked as an Army Combat Medic, and in 1968 he received the Purple Heart. After returning home, Jose worked at the Los Angeles County USC Med-ical Center and at Martin Luther King, Jr. Community Hospital. He retired in 1999. Like his fellow Vietnam veterans, Jose Ramos returned home from an unpopular war only to face hostility and resentment. And like his fellow soldiers, Jose quietly went back to his normal life, built a family and stayed in touch with his veteran friends. He became a powerful advocate for veterans in our commu-nity and across the country. It was his per-sonal experiences, and those of his fellow GIs, that motivated him to work toward establishing a national day of recognition. He inspired many, including me, to help give Vietnam vet-erans their long overdue welcome home. His legacy lives on as several states all across the nation have already adopted Wel-come Home Vietnam Veterans Day. It is long past time for our country to officially recognize and commemorate their service. I will continue to introduce and advocate for legislation to es-tablish a national ‘Welcome Home Vietnam Veterans Day’ on behalf of Jose Ramos and all of our veterans who fought bravely in the Vietnam War. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:56 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12SE8.009 E12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1204 September 12, 2017 
HONORING USPTO NATIONAL SUM-MER TEACHER’S INSTITUTE ON INNOVATION AND INTELLEC-TUAL PROPERTY PARTICIPANT BECKY M
CDOWELL 
HON. PETER J. ROSKAM 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 12, 2017 Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Becky McDowell for being se-lected to participate in the United States Pat-ent and Trademark Office’s (USPTO) 4th An-nual National Summer Teacher’s Institute on Innovation and Intellectual Property (NSTI). The NSTI is a week-long program designed to provide teachers with a comprehensive un-derstanding of intellectual property, innovation, and entrepreneurship. The USPTO reviewed over 500 applicants for the program and ac-cepted only 44 participants, highlighting Ms. McDowell’s unique qualifications. Representing the schools of Roslyn Road, Barbara Rose, North Barrington, and Sunny Hill Schools in Wauconda, Illinois, Ms. McDowell worked with a group of fellow teach-ers to come up with their own invention. Ms. McDowell’s group invented an animal care app where owners could update key informa-tion about their pets for use by kennels and animal caregivers to ensure the safety and well-being of pets. Mr. Speaker and distinguished colleagues, please join me in recognizing Ms. Becky McDowell for her outstanding service, and congratulate her on being selected to partici-pate in the United States Patent and Trade-mark Office’s 4th Annual National Summer Teacher’s Institute on Innovation and Intellec-tual Property. 
f 
IN HONOR OF JIM M CCANN 
HON. PATRICK J. TIBERI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 12, 2017 Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize my friend, and long-serving member of the Westerville Community, Jim McCann who celebrated his 80th birthday on August 18, 2017. Jim McCann has dedicated his life to serv-ice; to his nation as a soldier in the United States Army, to his students as an educator, and to his neighbors as an indefatigable com-munity leader. After years of teaching at Columbus South East High School in subjects such as jour-nalism and psychology, he was selected in 1975 to become the Assistant Principal at the newly created Westerville North High School. For almost thirty years, he invested himself into fostering academic rigor and community pride in the students, faculty and staff of Westerville North. He served fourteen years as Assistant Principal before taking on a sub-sequent fourteen years as Principal. During Jim’s tenure, he created the Warrior Way—a hallmark of the high school and a philosophy he developed in collaboration with students and faculty. Upon graduation, students receive a card printed with the Warrior Way as a con-stant reminder to respect themselves, fellow students, their school, their family, and their community. Jim’s Warrior Way can be seen displayed proudly throughout the school, both in writing and in the actions and achievements of students. In recognition of his tremendous impact, his friends and neighbors renamed Westerville North Stadium in his honor. As a testament to Jim’s continued service to his community, the Jim McCann Award for Excellence in Jour-nalism is given to a handful of seniors across the school district who exemplify his selfless style of leadership and passion for reporting. Time and again, Jim’s friends and col-leagues have leaned on his wisdom and vi-sion. He has brought these traits to the benefit of the many civic organizations with which he’s involved, including the Westerville Parks & Recreation Advisory Board, the American Legion Young Budd Post 171, the Westerville Kiwanis, the Westerville Symphony advisory board, and the Westerville Parks Foundation. In addition to all of this, Jim serves as the chairman of my service academy selection board, helping advance dozens of students into the ranks of our military officer corps. I am honored to recognize my dear friend, and fellow Buckeye, for his lasting friendship and innumerable contributions to the city of Westerville and Central Ohio. It is with great pride that I join the residents of Ohio’s 12th Congressional District to wish Jim a very happy 80th birthday. f 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 
SPEECH OF  
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 7, 2017 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 3354) making ap-propriations for the Department of the Inte-rior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes: 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my Amend-ment No.19 to H.R. 3354, the Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agen-cies Appropriations Act, 2018, included in Divi-sion A En Bloc 1. My amendment would in-crease the funding for the Smithsonian Insti-tute Salaries and Expenses by $2 million with the intended purpose of providing increased resources for the recently launched Smithsonian’s American Women’s History Ini-tiative. I strongly support the Initiative and its goal to more completely include the contributions of women throughout Smithsonian institutions by directing resources toward cataloging collec-tions inventory, expanding exhibits, and devel-oping educational programs on American women’s history. I strongly believe that ultimately we need a new Smithsonian museum dedicated to Amer-ican women’s history. Last year a bipartisan Congressional Commission made a strong, unanimous recommendation that our country needs such a museum and that it belongs in the Smithsonian system and should be promi-nently located on the National Mall. I have in-troduced legislation that incorporates those recommendations, and I’m grateful for the support of 247 bipartisan members of the House who have cosponsored my bill. I hope there will be broad support for this amendment as well. This Initiative represents the first im-portant step toward establishing a physical Smithsonian Museum on American Women’s History and aims to make important improve-ments in existing museum exhibitions to more accurately and completely tell the story of our nation’s history. I strongly urge the passage of this amend-ment and the en bloc. f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF EVELYN SOMMERS 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 12, 2017 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the House of Representatives to join me in honoring the life and legacy of Evelyn Sommers, who passed away on August 25, 2017. During her tenure as Executive Director of the District of Columbia Nurses Association from 1980 to 2002, Evelyn Sommers touched many lives. After obtaining a journalism de-gree from the University of Texas at Austin, Ms. Sommers went on to obtain a Master of Business Administration from Southern Meth-odist University. During that time, Ms. Sommers recognized her passion for helping others, which led her to the District of Colum-bia Nurses Association. After Ms. Sommers retired from the District of Columbia Nurses Association, she went on to volunteer for the YWCA National Capitol Area in a number of leadership capacities, in-cluding president, vice president, and as a member of the board of directors. Aside from her time spent as a volunteer with the YWCA, Ms. Sommers and her husband volunteered their time and talents to other organizations, such as the Mid-County United Food Bank, the Homeless Project Advisory Board and the Voluntary Action Center. Additionally, Ms. Sommers and her husband assisted with the construction of St. Bernard Secondary School in the village of South Kinangop, Kenya, after they had toured the country and fell in love with its culture. The school continues to grad-uate many students and have a significant positive impact on the village and its sur-rounding communities. Ms. Sommers leaves behind her husband of 50 years, John Sommers; her brothers, Jack Dugan, Fred Sommers, Martin Sommers and James Sommers; and countless nieces and nephews, as well as their spouses. I ask the House of Representatives to join me in honoring the life and legacy of Evelyn Sommers and remembering her selfless dedi-cation to others. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:56 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12SE8.007 E12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1205 September 12, 2017 
HONORING ZENNIE HERRING 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 12, 2017 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize the honoree of the Molina Healthcare of Illinois’ 2017 Community Champions Awards Ceremony and Dinner, Zennie Herring. Zennie, who is from my hometown of Col-linsville, has dedicated her life to improving the world around her. After retiring from her career as an elementary school teacher, Zennie volunteered at the Cahokia Mounds Visitor Center for 20 years. In addition, she served as director of the local Meals on Wheels program. She is also a remarkable and avid tailor. Zennie has sewn thousands of reversible dresses for her church’s mission team at Meadow Heights Baptist Church, and she has sent hundreds of her dresses abroad to little girls in Mexico and Haiti. She also sewed dog beds for the local shelter, dresses for chil-dren’s toys, and lap robes and clothing protec-tors for nursing home residents. The Community Champions Awards Cere-mony and Dinner, created in honor of Molina Healthcare’s founder Dr. C. David Molina, brings together people whose civic and faith- based leadership, volunteerism, and public ad-vocacy embody Dr. Molina’s legacy of service. There is no doubt that Zennie embodies the very spirit behind this award. I applaud Zennie Herring for her service to her community, and I would like to thank her for representing my constituents so wonder-fully both in Illinois and abroad. 
f 
HONORING 2017 PRESIDENTIAL IN-NOVATION AWARD FOR ENVI-RONMENTAL EDUCATORS HON-ORABLE MENTION RECIPIENT AMY SCHWARTZ 
HON. PETER J. ROSKAM 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 12, 2017 Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Amy Schwartz for being named a 2017 Presidential Innovation Award for Envi-ronmental Educators (PIAEE) honorable men-tion recipient. The PIAEE recognizes elementary school teachers who employ innovative approaches to environmental education and use the envi-ronment as a context for learning for their stu-dents. The PIAEE reviewed hundreds of appli-cants for the award and selected only 12 re-cipients, highlighting Ms. Schwartz’s unique qualifications. Representing Edison Middle School in Wheaton, Illinois, Ms. Schwartz coordinated a project in which student, faculty, parents and Wheaton Park District staff worked together to transform an area behind the Edison Middle School into a native tallgrass prairie. Students complemented this hands-on project with a field trip to Fermilab, a local physics labora-tory, to learn more about energy and eco-systems. Mr. Speaker and distinguished colleagues, please join me in recognizing Ms. Amy Schwartz for her outstanding service and con-gratulate her being named a 2017 PIAEE hon-orable mention recipient. f 
HONORING THE WORK OF THE WASTE NOT OC COALITION 
HON. J. LUIS CORREA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 12, 2017 Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the notable contributions and mean-ingful progress made by the Waste Not OC Coalition (WNOC) towards ending hunger in Orange County. Food insecurity is a serious public health issue. It is linked to malnutrition, obesity, and other negative health consequences. For chil-dren, inconsistent food access can adversely affect their mental and physical development. Unfortunately, more than 300,000 Orange County residents—including one in five chil-dren—experience food insecurity each month. A conversation between Orange County Public Health Officer Dr. Eric Handler and Or-ange County Food Bank Director Mark Lowry concerning the disconnect between the food insecurity of residents and the food waste of local restaurants led to the creation of WNOC. Established in November 2012, as a public- private partnership, WNOC offers a simple yet innovative model for food recovery. WNOC fa-cilitates the donation of wholesome surplus food from local restaurants, groceries, and other food-producing establishments to local pantries while reducing the amount of food waste destined for area landfills. WNOC does more than just redistribute food; the organization uses county health in-spectors to educate operators about food do-nation during routine inspections and uses food industry partners to safely and efficiently connect recoverable food sources with dis-tribution agencies throughout the county. WNOC has facilitated a dual city-wide effort between Anaheim and Orange to identify food sources, partnered with community hospitals and clinics to implement a food insecurity screening tool, united with the Anaheim City School District to implement food recovery programs, and worked with local universities to establish campus pantries. WNOC partners are working with hundreds of Orange County facilities to address food in-security. Through these collaborative efforts, the Coalition has successfully recovered over 3,700 tons of excess food this year alone, or the equivalent of more than 6 million meals, to provide much needed sustenance to numer-ous residents. WNOC performs a vital function within my district. In recognition of that signifi-cant work, the National Association of City and County Officials named WNOC as a Model Practices Program in 2016. Sometimes hunger feels like too big of an issue to tackle, but WNOC is proving there is meaningful work we can all participate in. The organization’s work is remarkable not only for the strides they have made in Orange County, but also for the resources they provide for the greater community such as their willingness to work with any community interested in repli-cating the Waste Not OC Coalition Model for food recovery to end hunger and reduce food waste. In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I wish to ex-press my sincere appreciation to the Waste Not OC Coalition for the profound impact it has had in our community these past five years and I look forward to its future contribu-tions to Orange County. f 
TRIBUTE TO BART FORSYTH 
HON. F. JAMES SENSENBRENNER, JR. 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 12, 2017 Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Bart Forsyth, who re-cently left Capitol Hill after serving in many ca-pacities over the past 13 years. After graduating from Hofstra University and receiving his law degree from Washington and Lee School of Law, Bart began his career on Capitol Hill as a staff member on the Foreign Affairs Committee. He then went on to serve on the House Science Committee as inves-tigative counsel, as my chief of staff on the Select Committee on Energy Independence and Global Warming, a staff member of the House Judiciary Committee, and as my chief of staff in my personal office. In the more than 10 years I have known Bart, he has never lost sight of what brought him here—to solve prob-lems and make a positive difference in peo-ples’ lives. Bart’s extensive knowledge, foresight, and drive made him a force on Capitol Hill. He has championed a number of causes related to government surveillance, law enforcement, pri-vacy and civil liberties, and European rela-tions. In June, 2013 when it was revealed that the National Security Agency (NSA) had over-stepped its authorities, he immediately began work on a legislative response that would eventually be known as USA Freedom Act. He also spearheaded work on the Judicial Re-dress Act of 2016, which ensures data is pro-tected in the strongest possible way with our privacy laws. His achievements have not gone unnoticed. Twice, Bart has been recognized by European leaders as one of the Hill’s top policy influencers. Additionally, he was admit-ted into the prestigious U.S. Supreme Court bar in 2014. Too often, working long hours can take its toll on one’s personal life. Not so with Bart. Whether it was running marathons, competing in an Ironman competition, including qualifying for the world championship in Kona, Hawaii, or more importantly taking on the role of devoted husband and father, Bart continuously sought out new challenges and did so with strength and determination. Bart has been a true asset as a trusted ad-visor, effective facilitator, and respected lead-er. I’m thankful for his distinguished service and wish him, his wife Mindy, and daughter Triana, all the best as Bart begins this new chapter. 
f 
HONORING THE LEGACY OF SARKIS TATIGIAN 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 12, 2017 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the House of Representatives to join me 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:56 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12SE8.017 E12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1206 September 12, 2017 
in honoring Sarkis Tatigian, the longest serv-ing federal civilian employee on record. Currently, Sarkis Tatigian serves as the As-sociate Director of Small Business Programs for the Naval Sea Systems Command, the largest component of the U.S. Navy. While he was initially eligible for retirement in 1973, Mr. Tatigian has continued to provide decades of selfless service to our country. Mr. Tatigian began his naval career in 1942, when he en-listed in the U.S. Navy as a Junior Inspector of Radio at the Naval Aircraft Factory. Throughout his time with the U.S. Navy, Mr. Tatigian has served multiple tours; served in various units within the U.S. Navy, such as the Navy Bureau of Ordnance Experimental Unit and the Bureau of Naval Weapons; and worked as a Small Business Analyst for the Bureau of Ordinance. In addition, Mr. Tatigian has received numerous awards, including the U.S. Navy Meritorious Civilian Award, and has also had an award named after him for his role in small business, the Sarkis Tatigian Small Business Award. On September 26, 2017, Mr. Tatigian will have served a total of 75 years of federal service. Therefore, I ask the House of Representa-tives to join me in honoring the life and legacy of Sarkis Tatigian. 
f 
HONORING THE 75TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE CLIPPARD WILSON TAYLOR VETERANS OF FOREIGN WARS POST 3838 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 12, 2017 Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Clippard Wilson Tay-lor Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 3838 of Cape Girardeau, Missouri on celebrating their 75th anniversary of serving veterans and their families as well as the community. The Post was chartered on the 20th day of September, 1942 with 44 members. Since then, it has grown to be one of the largest VFW Posts in the state with a current mem-bership of 590, a strong part of the 1.7 million members of the VFW and its Auxiliary nation-ally. Post 3838 has been instrumental throughout the years fostering patriotism in many ways which include teaching flag etiquette at local schools and supplying American flags to schools, churches, and parks. The Post shows great comradery amongst their war veterans and strives to assist fellow veterans in need. The members have lobbied successfully for legislation to provide care to veterans and funding for the military. Throughout their years of service, the mem-bers of the Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 3838 have remained loyal and dedicated to their organization, their country, their mem-bers, and the community. Therefore, it is my privilege and honor to recognize the Clippard Wilson Taylor VFW Post 3838 on celebrating their 75th anniversary before the U.S. House of Representatives. CELEBRATING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF MARLAN WALDROP HON. BRIAN BABIN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 12, 2017 Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to re-member and honor a beloved public servant, Marlan Waldrop. After a long and valiant battle with cancer, she is now at peace. Ms. Waldrop served for the last three years as the Director of the Veterans Benefits Administra-tion, Houston Regional Office. As Director of the Houston Regional Office, Marlan was re-sponsible for administering approximately two hundred nineteen million dollars each month in federal benefits to nearly eight hundred thou-sand veterans and their families living in nine-ty South Texas Counties, Mexico, Central America, South America, and the Caribbean. Ms. Waldrop began her VA service in De-cember 1990 as a Veterans Service Rep-resentative in the Education Division of the At-lanta Regional Processing Office. During her twenty-seven years of VA service, Marlan served in numerous leadership roles including: Instructor for the Challenge 2001 veteran serv-ice representative training, Assistant Deputy Director of the Tiger Team in Cleveland, Ohio (2004–2005), Louisville Veterans Service Cen-ter Manager (2005–2007), Assistant Director of the Montgomery VA Regional Office (2007– 2011), and as Director of the San Juan VA Regional Office (2011–2014). Ms. Waldrop came to work for the VA be-cause she needed a job, but found a career that allowed her to help improve the lives of our nation’s veterans. She empowered her staff ‘‘to do what is right for the veteran’’ and to make the VA a welcoming place. She en-sured that her outreach team was accessible to veterans beyond the walls of a VA facility. Marlan is survived by her son, Josh, six hun-dred sixty dedicated employees at the Hous-ton VA Regional Office, and family and friends. On behalf of a grateful nation and the tens of thousands of veterans whose lives were better because of her work on their behalf, I rise to remember Ms. Waldrop and her many years of devoted service to our nation’s vet-erans. 
f 
JANYA RAM EARNS GIRL SCOUT GOLD AWARD 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 12, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Janya Ram of Sugar Land, TX, for earning her Girl Scout Gold Award. The Gold Award is the highest achievement a Girl Scout can earn. To earn this distin-guished award, Janya had to spend at least 80 hours developing and executing a project that would benefit the community and have a long-term impact on girls as well. For her Gold award project, she taught self-defense work-shops at the Boys and Girls Club in Stafford. Janya wanted to take the skills she learned in her karate classes and help girls in her com-munity protect themselves in unsafe situations. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Janya Ram for earning her Girl Scout Gold Award. We are confident she will have contin-ued success in her future endeavors. We are very proud. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOHN H. RUTHERFORD 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 12, 2017 Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, due to my need to be back in my district to help my com-munity prepare for Hurricane Irma, I was un-able to be present for Roll Call Votes 467 through 484. Had I been present, I would have voted: NAY on Roll Call No. 467; YEA on Roll Call No. 468; NAY on Roll Call No. 469; NAY on Roll Call No. 470; NAY on Roll Call No. 471; YEA on Roll Call No. 472; NAY on Roll Call No. 473; YEA on Roll Call No. 474; NAY on Roll Call No. 475; NAY on Roll Call No. 476; NAY on Roll Call No. 477; YEA on Roll Call No. 478; YEA on Roll Call No. 479; YEA on Roll Call No. 480; NAY on Roll Call No. 481; NAY on Roll Call No. 482; NAY on Roll Call No. 483; and YEA on Roll Call No. 484. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 12, 2017 Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I unfortu-nately missed one vote during a vote series on September 8, 2017. Had I been present, I would have voted: No on Roll Call No. 484, on the Pearce amendment (H. Amdt. 361) to the Make American Secure and Prosperous Ap-propriations Act of 2018 (H.R. 3354). 
f 
SEPTEMBER 11TH 
HON. PRAMILA JAYAPAL 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 12, 2017 Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, September 11, 2001 was on a Tuesday. I remember watching the horrible destruc-tion unfold, and thinking that the world would change for all of us. In those days and weeks after 9/11, Americans from the South Asian, Muslim, and Arab American community were subjected to hate crimes simply because of how they looked. Muslim students were pulled out of school because of fear for their safety, Sikh men were shot at for their turbans, and many of us were told to go home, back to our own country—even though America is our home. But in the wake of that destruction, I was part of forming powerful coalitions to fight against hate of all kinds and to protect our civil rights and civil liberties. As we reflect on the events of that day and honor first responders and those who lost their lives, let us also remember that America’s true 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:56 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12SE8.020 E12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1207 September 12, 2017 
values are about equal rights for all, inclusivity, resilience, generosity and abun-dance. 
f 
HONORING MAJOR GENERAL IRENE TROWELL-HARRIS 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 12, 2017 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the House of Representatives to join me in recognizing the achievements of Major Gen-eral Irene Trowell-Harris, who is currently the assistant to the director of the Air National Guard (ANG) for human resources readiness in the District of Columbia. General Trowell-Harris began her career in public service in 1963 when she was commis-sioned to the New York National Guard. In this role, she served in a number of positions, in-cluding chief nurse, nurse administrator, flight nurse instructor and flight nurse examiner. In 1986, she was appointed commander of the 105th U.S. Air Force Clinic in New York, which made her the first nurse in ANG history to command a medical clinic. She then went on to serve as ANG advisor to the chief of the Air Force Nurse Corps and as ANG assistant to the director of medical readiness and nursing services in the Office of the Surgeon General at the United States Air Force headquarters in D.C. General Trowell-Harris grew up in South Carolina as one of 11 children, working on a cotton field alongside members of her family. However, she always had big dreams and knew that she was destined to achieve some-thing great. As a result, once she graduated from high school, General Trowell-Harris went on to obtain a Bachelor of Arts in Health Edu-cation from Jersey City State College in 1971. In 1973, she obtained her Master of Public Health from Yale University. But, General Trowell-Harris did not stop there—she went on to obtain a Doctor of Education in Health Edu-cation from Columbia University in 1983. While General Trowell-Harris has completed her formal education, she continues to receive numerous degrees and honors for various achievements, including the Armed Forces Ex-peditionary Medal, the Air Force Outstanding Unit Award and an honorary degree, Doctor of Humane Letters, from the Medical University of South Carolina. In addition, she is a mem-ber of multiple organizations, including the American Nurses Association and the Aero-space Medical Association, and was also the first woman in history to have a Tuskegee Air-men, Inc. chapter named in her honor, the Major General Trowell-Harris Chapter, located in New York. Therefore, I ask the House of Representa-tives to join me in recognizing the achieve-ments of Major General Irene Trowell-Harris. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE RETIREMENT OF KEITH BADGETT 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 12, 2017 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the House’s attention to recognize the retirement of Keith Badgett from the Anniston Army Depot on September 30, 2017 after over 39 years of service. Keith has made contributions to four dif-ferent installations/agencies throughout his 39 year career. He served as Voucher Examiner Vendor Pay at Fort McClellan, Alabama, Voucher Examiner and Accounting Technician at the 81st Regional Support Command, as well as Accounting Technician, Management Accounting Analyst and Budget Analyst at An-niston Army Depot. During his years of service, Keith has served as a role model for his co-workers. He has consistently demonstrated loyalty to his command and the Army during his employ-ment. Keith is dedicated to the mission and displays a sense of duty in all accomplish-ments. The retirement ceremony will take place on September 26th. Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratu-lating Keith on his retirement. f 
REMEMBERING JUDGE DICKSON PHILLIPS 
HON. DAVID E. PRICE 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 12, 2017 Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor one of North Carolina’s finest and most distinguished citizens, James Dickson Phillips, Jr., former Dean of the Law School of the University of North Carolina- Chapel Hill and former judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judge Phillips died at home in Chapel Hill on August 27, at the age of 94. A native of Scotland County, North Carolina, Dickson Phillips attended the public schools of Laurinburg and then Davidson College, where his athletic, academic, and leadership abilities became evident. He joined the army upon graduation in 1943. He was commissioned a lieutenant in the 17th Airborne Division and led his platoon as part of Operation Varsity, the largest single-day airborne assault in his-tory. He was badly wounded in a firefight with retreating Germans and was awarded a Bronze Star and Purple Heart for his service. Phillips enrolled in the UNC-Chapel Hill Law School after the war. He excelled as a student and in the practice of law and was invited to join the faculty in 1960. He was named Dean in 1964 and served for ten years. The present Dean, Martin Brinkley, describes him as one of the school’s greatest deans and a ‘‘trail-blazer’’: By the fall of his second year as dean, total enrollment at the law school had more than doubled. The faculty also nearly doubled in size during his deanship. Dean Phillips hired Carolina Law’s first African-American visiting faculty member, Harry Groves, and its first full- time African-American member, Charles Daye. There was only one African-American student at the law school when Phillips became dean; by 1973, there were 23, along with two Native American and one Latino students. The ten women students who enrolled during his first year had swelled to 121 by the time he left. During his 10 years as dean, Phillips inau-gurated the Holderness Moot court program and the McCall Teaching Award. Small section classes were instituted for first-year students, and the upper-class curriculum greatly ex-panded. The first-ever clinical classes were sponsored. By far the largest fundraising effort in the law school’s history up to the time was successfully executed, while the 10-year North Carolina bar passage rate among Carolina Law graduates averaged 95.8 Percent. President Jimmy Carter in 1978 appointed Dickson Phillips to a seat on the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals, where he served until 1994—the ‘‘greatest judge produced in North Carolina’’, in the judgment of former UNC Law School Dean Gene Nichol ‘‘since (eighteenth- century US Supreme Court Justice James) Iredell.’’ As was recalled in his obituary, ‘‘His role as an appellate judge brought together his great personal attributes of precision, clarity and wisdom along with a love of justice and mercy and a generous but realistic understanding of human nature and foibles . . . He brought both a long view of history and the particular experience of life in North Carolina of the De-pression and post-war years to his decisions.’’ Judge Phillips’ major cases involved some of the most contentious issues of the day—mi-nority voting rights, gerrymandering, and sex discrimination. In a series of decisions begin-ning in 1982 with the Gingles case and con-tinuing into the 1990s with the Shaw deci-sions, he led three-judge federal panels in re-jecting state legislative districting that diluted minority voting strength, and upholding as constitutional majority-minority congressional districting. These cases remain important in enabling African-Americans to achieve rep-resentation in state legislatures and Congress. In the sex discrimination area, he dissented from the Fourth Circuit panel’s finding that the Virginia Military Institute (VMI) could constitu-tionally provide a ‘‘separate but equal’’ pro-gram for women, a position that the U.S. Su-preme Court ultimately adopted. Over the years, Dickson Phillips served on many other fronts—as a trustee of Davidson College, a founding trustee of the NC Nature Conservatory, and first chairman of the state Ethics Commission. He and his wife Jean were faithful members of the University Pres-byterian Church in Chapel Hill, where they both served in many leadership roles. I consider myself fortunate to have known Dickson Phillips late in his career—a man of great dignity, a source of wise counsel, always generous with words of encouragement and support. Stories abound of his great kindness, never too busy to relate to aspiring students, law clerks, and citizens of all walks of life. We grieve his loss with his family and friends, even as we express our gratitude for a life of great integrity and accomplishment, with posi-tive consequences for those he touched, and for even more who may never know his name. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO DONALD SYKES 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 12, 2017 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to my friend Donald ‘‘Don’’ Sykes. He was a sociologist and civil rights champion. He passed away peacefully, surrounded by his family on August 13, 2017. He was 80 years old. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:56 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12SE8.024 E12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1208 September 12, 2017 
Don Sykes was born in Chicago, Illinois, in 1936, the second of eight children born to Rose Bolden and father Chester Sykes who died when Donald was three years old. He lived in Chicago public housing while growing up, but said he never felt impoverished. Don-ald graduated from Wendell Phillips High School, and later taught at Phillips High School, while his younger siblings attended the school. He received a bachelor’s degree at Northern Illinois University and later received a master’s degree from the University of Wis-consin-Milwaukee. In 1968, Donald became the Executive Di-rector of the Social Development Commission (SDC) in Milwaukee and joined the war on poverty. He led SDC for the next two decades and during his tenure, the agency grew into Milwaukee County’s largest anti-poverty agen-cy. I am proud to say that early in my career, I was employed by SDC in one of my first pro-fessional positions. In 1993, Donald was ap-pointed to serve as the director of the federal Department of Health and Human Services, Office of Community Relations for President Clinton; he served in Washington, DC for the next seven years developing nationwide wel-fare and anti-poverty programs. In 2007, Don-ald returned to Milwaukee to assume leader-ship of the Milwaukee Area Workforce Invest-ment Board (MWIB), known today as Employ Milwaukee—a public/private partnership that coordinates employment and training pro-grams for adults and youth in Milwaukee County. He announced his retirement from MWIB in 2014, concluding a career of working on behalf of low-income people and the com-munity as a whole. Donald was a gentleman who seldom spoke ill of anyone and who was open to considering differing viewpoints. Donald married Geraldine Kirksey in 1960 and their union produced two sons, David and Dennis. In the 1970s, Donald and Gerri spon-sored Trevor Knight, who became a beloved member of their family. He is survived by his wife Gerri, Sons David (Valerie), Dennis and Trevor (Laura); Grandchildren Travis (Susan), Ashley (Graham) and Tyler; Brothers Leonard and Clifton; Sisters Alberta and Patricia; Nieces Stephanie, Sharon, Jackie, Lisa, Sonja and Shamieka; Nephews Kenneth, Chris, Carleton; and numerous aunts, cousins, grand nieces and nephews. He leaves a strong leg-acy of leadership for his children and grand-children to model. Mr. Speaker, Don was my friend, and a val-ued member of Milwaukee and the 4th Con-gressional District. I urge you and my col-leagues in the U.S. House of Representatives to join me in a salute to the late Donald Sykes. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DEBBIE WATROUS AND HER SERVICE TO NEW HAMPSHIRE HUMANITIES 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 12, 2017 Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer my sincere grati-tude for Debbie Watrous and her 24 remark-able years of service to New Hampshire Hu-manities. Debbie’s time and dedication to serve our state through this organization has been an in-valuable contribution, and I congratulate and thank her on her tremendous work. During her time as Executive Director over the last 13 years, Debbie helped make public programming more accessible. Her work al-lowed more Granite Staters to discover cul-ture, history, and new ideas. On behalf of New Hampshire’s Second Con-gressional District and all those who have benefitted from Debbie’s work, I thank her for her many years of service to the Granite State. I wish her great joy and success at FoodCorps. f 
HONORING NATIONAL RECOVERY MONTH 2017 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 12, 2017 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support and recognition of National Recovery Month 2017. According to the Center for Be-havioral Health Statistics and Quality’s 2015 National Survey on Drug Use and Health, an estimated 20.8 million individuals aged 12 or older were classified with a substance use dis-order, while approximately 43.4 million Ameri-cans aged 18 or older had a diagnosed men-tal illness in 2015. Moreover, in 2015, more than 8.1 million U.S. adults aged 18 or older had co-occurring mental health and substance use disorders. These disorders often require long-term, high-quality treatment and support services. Now in its 27th year, National Recovery Month is coordinated by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services’ Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administra-tion (SAMHSA) every September to increase awareness of the importance of behavioral health conditions and to highlight the achieve-ments of those who have reclaimed their lives in recovery. National Recovery Month also af-fords Americans the opportunity to leam more about effective prevention, treatment and re-covery programs designed to assist those dealing with behavioral health challenges and to celebrate the dedicated service providers who make recovery possible. The theme for this year’s commemoration of National Recovery Month is ‘‘Join the Voices for Recovery: Strengthen Families and Com-munities.’’ The 2017 theme was selected in order to highlight the critical role families and communities play in supporting individuals throughout the recovery process, as well as to encourage individuals in recovery, their family members and their support networks to stay the course by reflecting upon their shared ex-periences, successes and achievements. I ap-plaud this year’s National Recovery Month theme for incorporating the importance of fam-ily and community resources in promoting a positive outcome. Here in the District of Columbia, there are thousands of women and men working day in and day out on behalf of community-based or-ganizations, nonprofit/advocacy associations, health care providers and both local and fed-eral government agencies to support residents who are in recovery from mental and/or sub-stance use disorders. Entities such as the D.C. Department of Behavioral Health, Univer-sity Legal Services, D.C. Superior Court Men-tal Health Community Diversion Court, the Pretrial Services Agency for the District of Co-lumbia and the Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency (CSOSA) all offer special-ized programming and services to help those confronting behavioral health challenges. To mark this year’s commemoration of Na-tional Recovery Month, CSOSA, along with other D.C. public safety partners, will sponsor a series of events, panel discussions and pro-grams designed to increase awareness and understanding of mental and substance abuse disorders throughout the District and to pro-mote people in recovery and those working in the field of recovery. For example, on Sep-tember 12, 2017, CSOSA’s Reentry and Sanc-tions Center will host an open house to edu-cate the public about CSOSA’s treatment services, as well as to promote the ideals and theme of National Recovery Month 2017. With over 80 percent of CSOSA’s entering population self-reporting a history of substance abuse and approximately 40 percent reporting a diagnosed mental illness, CSOSA places a priority on providing quality programming and treatment services. CSOSA provides clients in need of treatment with a variety of services, including detox and short- and long-term resi-dential and aftercare. In addition, CSOSA’s Reentry and Sanctions Center provides high- risk clients with intensive assessment and pre- treatment services as well as those with co- occurring substance use and behavioral health challenges. Mental and/or substance use disorders af-fect all communities. Yet, with the proper pro-fessional help, support and treatment, we know that people suffering from these dis-orders can achieve healthy and productive lives in recovery. The annual commemoration of National Recovery Month is designed to celebrate the gains made by these individuals and to further educate the American public on the transformative nature of substance use treatment and mental health services. Therefore, I ask the House of Representa-tives to join me and the millions of other American voices of recovery this September in support of National Recovery Month 2017. 
f 
NATURAL DISASTERS AND THE FEDERAL RESPONSE 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 12, 2017 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Hurricane Harvey and Hurricane Irma will both go down in history as two of the most costly and destructive hurricanes in United States history. Hurricane Harvey is thought to be the most powerful hurricane to hit Texas in more than 50 years. Countless in-dividuals, homes, and businesses across the country have been left devastated in their wake. Initial estimates suggest that Hurricane Harvey and Hurricane Irma will have caused between $150 and $200 billion in damage to property, homes, and public infrastructure. These unprecedented storms have already set new records in severity and cost to our na-tion as we begin to look toward recovery. A strong and coordinated federal, state, and local response is absolutely vital in these crit-ical moments following the storm. More than 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:56 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12SE8.028 E12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1209 September 12, 2017 
two weeks since Hurricane Harvey first made landfall in Texas, we have witnessed incred-ible cooperation among government agencies, individuals, charitable organizations, and oth-ers who have played an important role in the response, recovery, and relief efforts that have taken place over these past few weeks. The intensity and frequency of these storms will only increase with time, as warmer oceans and extra heat in the atmosphere caused by climate change provide even more fuel for weather systems. Studies are already dem-onstrating that storms are intensifying signifi-cantly faster today than they did 25 years ago. Additional water vapor in the atmosphere is also leading to extreme precipitation. In fact, Hurricane Harvey brought more than 50 inches of rainfall to the Texas Gulf Coast, rep-resenting the greatest accumulation of rainfall ever recovered in the contiguous United States from a single tropical storm. Mr. Speaker, we need to be taking these natural disasters and the environment more seriously. The financial and social costs to our society of these natural disasters are tremen-dous and the effects will only get worse. The role of the federal government in disaster re-sponse is critical to our nation’s swift recovery. However, the level of coordination and re-sources necessary to properly respond to these historic natural disasters will grow with time as bigger and stronger natural events occur. For now, we must focus on the recov-ery at hand by assisting the victims and their families. Many survivors will remain unable to return to their homes for weeks, while others will be left cleaning up debris and other dam-age for months ahead. The federal re-sponse—and the compassion and help of oth-ers—is more important now than ever before. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF OAKCREST SCHOOL’S NEW CAMPUS IN VI-ENNA, VIRGINIA 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 12, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the grand opening of Oakcrest School’s new campus in Virginia’s 10th Con-gressional District on Saturday, September 9th in Vienna, Virginia. Together with the opening, the first annual Inaugural Homecoming re-united classmates, faculty and friends in cele-bration of this wonderful expansion. Oakcrest is an independently-owned, all-girls school, grades 6 to 12, that develops strong young women of character, inspiring these individuals to challenge, lead, and serve others through an instilled faith. Founded in 1976 in Washington, D.C. with twenty-two students, Oakcrest has grown to serve over two-hundred-twenty-five young women, making each student well-rounded, through their mission to educate the whole person, in intellect, character, faith and leader-ship. This new campus in Virginia’s 10th Con-gressional District, will offer Oakcrest the abil-ity to grow to 330 students and eventually 450 students when they complete the second phase of campus construction. Currently this 70,000 square foot building includes a three story Virginia manor house, housing two aca-demic wings. Students will enjoy learning in the vibrant environments of the two science labs, two music rooms with acoustic treat-ments, art room, and large library with a fire-place and a media center. In addition, Oakcrest will continue to build their athletics program with a brand new natural grass and softball fields. Inspired by the teachings of the Catholic Church and the spirituality of Opus Dei, Oakcrest School develops deep love in faith and strong learning abilities, through a rich lib-eral arts curriculum, character development, one-on-one mentoring and service to create an encouraging environment that graduates confident and courageous young women. I ap-preciate the role your educators have held in shaping the future of our nation. While teach-ing can be an arduous task, I know it comes with its share of fulfilling moments, both inside and outside the classroom, which now in-cludes an annual school spirit Homecoming celebration. It is due to the tireless efforts of our educators that we are able to foster a positive and nurturing learning environment for our children, and this year, able to come to-gether as an entire Oakcrest community in celebration of our past and future achieve-ments. More than 1,200 friends, families, cur-rent and former faculty and alumnae joined to celebrate this exciting chapter in Oakcrest’s history in bringing together the largest group of Oakcrest alumnae with over 120 graduates in attendance. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in honoring the Head of School, Mary T. Ortiz and the entire faculty, student body and alumnae at Oakcrest School for opening their new campus and working to unite Virginia’s 10th Congressional District through this life-long sisterhood. I wish Oakcrest a joyous year in support of lifelong faith, friendships and learning. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 
SPEECH OF  
HON. BILL HUIZENGA 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 6, 2017 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 3354) making ap-propriations for the Department of the Inte-rior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes: Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chair, my amendment would prohibit funds from being used to imple-ment a misguided and harmful rule from the Occupational Safety and Health Administration regarding occupational exposure to respirable crystalline silica. This destructive rule was first proposed in 2013 and significantly threatens jobs in a num-ber of industries around the country including: construction, foundries, aggregates, oil and gas, brick manufacturers, maritime as well as several other industries. The limits set in this rule are simply unwork-able, without extraordinary costs to both work-ers and job creators in my district and manu-facturing centers across America. We are talk-ing about the loss of thousands upon thou-sands of American jobs. Furthermore, even if these companies were able to meet this unreasonable requirement without putting hardworking Americans out of work, commercial laboratories have not been able to measure workplace silica levels with any accuracy or consistency making it nearly impossible for employers to determine if they are in compliance. We are in the midst of strong economic growth, but burdensome regulations like this threaten our economic well-being. In fact, the cost of compliance for the construction indus-try alone has been estimated to be nearly $5 billion per year. This rule’s impact on the Foundry industry would also be catastrophic. Independent anal-yses show it would cost the industry $2.2 bil-lion annually, which represents 9.9 percent of the industry’s revenue and an astounding 276 percent of its profits. Another key industry that will suffer under this regulation is hydraulic fracturing which uses tremendous amounts of sand. The Amer-ican energy sector has boomed in recent years—increasing economic prosperity and creating thousands of jobs across America. Hydraulic fracturing is also a major reason why our nation has become more energy inde-pendent and allowed us to help our allies in Europe while countering countries such as Russia and Iran. The deadline for the construction industry to comply with this rule is September 23. We cannot stand by while another burden-some and unworkable regulation is piled on job creators that are finally starting to see growth. We need to act now to protect Amer-ican Jobs. I encourage you to join me in vot-ing for this amendment to stop this job-de-stroying rule. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:56 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12SE8.031 E12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D957 Tuesday, September 12, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S5191–S5241 Measures Introduced: Twelve bills were intro-duced, as follows: S. 1790–1801.
                      Page S5215 
Measures Considered: National Defense Authorization Act—Agree-ment: Senate continued consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year. 
                                                          Pages S5192–96, S5198–S5210 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that notwithstanding the provisions of Rule XXII, Senate continue consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill at approxi-mately 10 a.m., on Wednesday, September 13, 2017, with no post-cloture time remaining. 
                                                                                            Page S5241 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: By 81 yeas to 16 nays (Vote No. EX. 194), Kevin Allen Hassett, of Massachusetts, to be Chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers. 
                                                                      Pages S5196–98, S5241 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S5213 
Executive Communications:                             Page S5213 
Additional Cosponsors:                                  Page S5215–18 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                            Page S5219 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S5212 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S5219–40 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S5240–41 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S5241 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—194)
                                                                Page S5198 Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:02 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Wednesday, September 13, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S5241.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
FINTECH LANDSCAPE Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the Fintech landscape, including S. 536, to promote transparency in the oversight of cybersecurity risks at publicly traded companies, after receiving testimony from Lawrance L. Evans, Director, Financial Markets and Community Investment, Government Account-ability Office; Eric W. Turner, S&P Global Market Intelligence, Princeton, New Jersey; and Frank Pasquale, University of Maryland Francis King Carey School of Law, Baltimore. MAGNUSON-STEVENS FISHERY CONSERVATION AND MANAGEMENT ACT REAUTHORIZATION Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-committee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard concluded a hearing to examine reau-thorization of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Con-servation and Management Act, focusing on over-sight of fisheries management successes and chal-lenges, after receiving testimony from Phil Faulkner, Nauticstar Boats, Amory, Mississippi; James A. Donofrio, Recreational Fishing Alliance, New Gret-na, New Jersey; Chris Horton, Congressional Sports-men’s Foundation, Washington, D.C.; Lori Steele, West Coast Seafood Processors Association, Portland, Oregon; Peter Andrew, Jr., Bristol Bay Native Cor-poration, Anchorage, Alaska; Gregory P. DiDomenico, Garden State Seafood Association, Cape May, New Jersey; William Cochrane II, Gulf of Mexico Reef Fish Shareholders’ Alliance, Galveston, Texas; and Tony Friedrich, Granville, Maryland. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12SE7.REC D12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD958 September 12, 2017 
FOSTERING INNOVATION Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Sub-committee on Energy concluded a hearing to exam-ine fostering innovation, focusing on contributions of the Department of Energy’s national laboratories, in-cluding S. 1799, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to facilitate the commercialization of energy and related technologies developed at Department of Energy facilities with promising commercial poten-tial, after receiving testimony from Paul Kearns, In-terim Laboratory Director, Argonne National Labora-tory, and Bill Tumas, Associate Lab Director, Mate-rials and Chemical Science and Technology, National Renewable Energy Laboratory, both of the Depart-ment of Energy; Brian J. Anderson, West Virginia University Energy Institute, Morgantown; and Anuja Ratnayake, Duke Energy Corporation, Charlotte, North Carolina. HEALTH CARE Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing to examine health care, focusing on issues impacting cost and coverage, after receiving testimony from Avik S. A. Roy, The Foundation for Research on Equal Opportunity, Austin, Texas; Edmund F. Haislmaier, The Heritage Foundation, and Aviva Aron-Dine, Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, both of Washington, D.C.; and Andy Slavitt, Bipar-tisan Policy Center, Edina, Minnesota. NOMINATIONS Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Eric M. Ueland, of Oregon, to be an Under Secretary (Man-agement), who was introduced by Senator Enzi, John R. Bass, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Is-lamic Republic of Afghanistan, and Justin Hicks Siberell, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Bahrain, all of the Department of State, and J. Steven Dowd, of Florida, to be United States Director of the African Development Bank, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. NOMINATIONS Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Daniel J. Kaniewski, of Minnesota, to be Deputy Administrator for National Prepared-ness, Federal Emergency Management Agency, De-partment of Homeland Security, and Jonathan H. Pittman, to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia, after the nomi-nees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. STABILIZING HEALTH INSURANCE PREMIUMS Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee concluded a hearing to examine stabi-lizing premiums and helping individuals in the indi-vidual insurance market for 2018, focusing on state flexibility, after receiving testimony from Michael O. Leavitt, former Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices, Salt Lake City, Utah; Allison O’Toole, MNsure, Minneapolis, Minnesota; Tarren Bragdon, The Foun-dation for Government Accountability, Naples, Flor-ida; Bernard J. Tyson, Kaiser Foundation Health Plan Inc., and Hospitals, Pleasanton, California; and Tammy Tomczyk, Oliver Wyman, Milwaukee, Wis-consin. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. U.S. COUNTERNARCOTICS EFFORTS IN COLOMBIA United States Senate Caucus on International Narcotics Control: Caucus concluded a hearing to examine adapting United States counternarcotics efforts in Colombia, including interdiction and eradication, given the increased availability of cocaine in the United States following years of decline, after receiv-ing testimony from William R. Brownfield, Assist-ant Secretary of State for International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs; Brigadier General Joseph J. McMenamin, USMC (Ret.), Principal Director for Counternarcotics and Global Threats, Office of the Secretary of Defense; Vice Admiral Charles W. Ray, Deputy Commandant for Operations, Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security; Anthony D. Williams, Assistant Administrator, Chief of Oper-ations, Drug Enforcement Administration, Depart-ment of Justice; and Douglas Farah, IBI Consultants LLC, and Roger F. Noriega, American Enterprise In-stitute, both of Washington, D.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12SE7.REC D12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D959 September 12, 2017 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 17 pub-lic bills, H.R. 3737–3753; and 1 resolution, H. Con. Res. 78, were introduced.
                             Pages H7312–13 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H7314–15 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 2582, to authorize the State of Utah to se-lect certain lands that are available for disposal under the Pony Express Resource Management Plan to be used for the support and benefit of State institutions, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–305); H.R. 1624, to require the appropriate Federal banking agencies to treat certain municipal obliga-tions as level 2A liquid assets, and for other pur-poses, with amendments (H. Rept. 115–306); and H. Res. 513, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3697) to amend the Immigration and Na-tionality Act with respect to aliens associated with criminal gangs, and for other purposes, and pro-viding for proceedings during the period from Sep-tember 15, 2017, through September 22, 2017 (H. Rept. 15–307).
                                                           Page H7312 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Lucas to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                                     Page H7225 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:22 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H7227 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Department of Homeland Security Intelligence Rotational Assignment Program Act of 2017: H.R. 2453, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the Intelligence Rotational Assignment Program in the Department of Homeland Security; 
                                                                                    Pages H7232–36 
Pathways to Improving Homeland Security At the Local Level Act: H.R. 2427, amended, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002, to direct the Assistant Secretary for State and Local Law Enforce-ment to produce and disseminate an annual catalog on Department of Homeland Security training, pub-lications, programs, and services for State, local, and tribal law enforcement agencies;
                Pages H7236–37 
Homeland Threat Assessment Act: H.R. 2470, to require an annual homeland threat assessment; 
                                                                                    Pages H7237–41 
Unifying Department of Homeland Security In-telligence Enterprise Act: H.R. 2468, amended, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to estab-lish a homeland intelligence doctrine for the Depart-ment of Homeland Security;                        Pages H7241–42 
Homeland Security Assessment of Terrorists Use of Virtual Currencies Act: H.R. 2433, to direct the Under Secretary of Homeland Security for Intel-ligence and Analysis to develop and disseminate a threat assessment regarding terrorist use of virtual currency;
                                                                 Pages H7242–43 
Department of Homeland Security Data Frame-work Act of 2017: H.R. 2454, amended, to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish a data framework to provide access for appropriate per-sonnel to law enforcement and other information of the Department;
                                                 Pages H7243–45 
Federal Information Resource to Strengthen Ties with State and Local Law Enforcement Act of 2017: H.R. 2442, amended, to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to require an annual re-port on the Office for State and Local Law Enforce-ment;
                                                                       Pages H7245–46 
Department of Homeland Security Classified Facility Inventory Act: H.R. 2443, amended, to re-quire an inventory of all facilities certified by the Department of Homeland Security to host infrastruc-ture or systems classified above the Secret level; 
                                                                                    Pages H7246–47 
Terrorist Release Announcements to Counter Extremist Recidivism Act: H.R. 2471, amended, to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to share with State, local, and regional fusion centers release information from a Federal correctional facility, in-cluding name, charging date, and expected place and date of release, of certain individuals who may pose a terrorist threat;
                                                Pages H7247–48 
Firefighter Cancer Registry Act of 2017: H.R. 931, amended, to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop a voluntary registry to collect data on cancer incidence among fire-fighters; and
                                                         Pages H7248–51 
Little Rock Central High School National His-toric Site Boundary Modification Act: H.R. 2611, to modify the boundary of the Little Rock Central High School National Historic Site, by a 2/3 yea- and-nay vote of 390 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 485.
                                        Pages H7251–53, H7287 
Authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to present the Congressional Gold Medal to the Filipino Veterans of World War II: The House agreed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12SE7.REC D12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD960 September 12, 2017 
discharge from committee and agree to S. Con. Res. 23, authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to present the Congressional Gold Medal to the Filipino Veterans of World War II.
                                                      Page H7287 
Condemning the violence and domestic terrorist attack that took place during events between August 11 and August 12, 2017, in Charlottes-ville, Virginia, recognizing the first responders who lost their lives while monitoring the events, offering deepest condolences to the families and friends of those individuals who were killed and deepest sympathies and support to those indi-viduals who were injured by the violence, ex-pressing support for the Charlottesville commu-nity, rejecting White nationalists, White su-premacists, the Ku Klux Klan, neo-Nazis, and other hate groups, and urging the President and the President’s Cabinet to use all available re-sources to address the threats posed by those groups: The House agreed to take from the Speak-er’s table and pass S.J. Res. 49, condemning the vio-lence and domestic terrorist attack that took place during events between August 11 and August 12, 2017, in Charlottesville, Virginia, recognizing the first responders who lost their lives while monitoring the events, offering deepest condolences to the fami-lies and friends of those individuals who were killed and deepest sympathies and support to those indi-viduals who were injured by the violence, expressing support for the Charlottesville community, rejecting White nationalists, White supremacists, the Ku Klux Klan, neo-Nazis, and other hate groups, and urging the President and the President’s Cabinet to use all available resources to address the threats posed by those groups.
                                           Page H7287 
Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018: The House considered H.R. 3354, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018. Consideration is expected to resume to-morrow, September 13th. 
                  Pages H7253–77, H7277–87, H7288–91, H7291–H7310 
Agreed to: Culberson en bloc amendment No. 3 consisting of the following amendments printed in H. Rept. 115–297: Castro (TX) (No. 81) that increases fund-ing for Trade Adjustment Assistance for Firms; Reichert (No. 82) that adds $10 million for com-petitive and evidence-based programs to reduce gun crime and gang violence, which is offset by a $10 million reduction from the general administration account for the Department of Justice; Demings (No. 84) that increases funding for the Minority Business Development Agency by $5 million, offset by a reduction to Department of Commerce, Depart-mental Management, Salaries and Expenses; Court-ney (No. 86) that directs the National Institute of Standards and Technology to consider establishing standards for acceptable levels of pyrrhotite in con-crete aggregate, and to continue providing technical assistance to those interested in pyrrhotite detection, prevention, and mitigation tools; Lipinski (No. 88) that restores $10.1M in funding to maintain on-site Information Technology Officers in each National Weather Service Forecast Office; Lipinski (No. 89) that restores $1.2M in funding and eliminates the need to cut staff in the NWS National Centers for 12 Environmental Prediction or consolidate functions into the Weather Prediction Center; Bonamici (No. 90) that increases funding for ocean acidification program and decrease by same to highlight impor-tance of program to help coastal communities; Bonamici (No. 92) that increases funding for the National Ocean Service to do coastal monitoring and assessment of harmful algal blooms; decreases fund-ing by same; Buchanan (No. 93) that increases fund-ing for NOAA’s National Ocean Service by $8,000,000 to detect, respond to, and develop new and innovative technologies to mitigate impacts from some of the country’s most challenging Harm-ful Algal Blooms—red tides caused by Karenia brevis algae and decreases funding from Department of Commerce’s Departmental Management by the same amount; Demings (No. 95) that restores fund-ing for DOJ Youth Mentoring grants to the FY17 level (+5 million), offset by a reduction to Depart-ment of Justice, General Administration, Salaries and Expenses; Michelle Lujan Grisham (NM) (No. 96) that increases funds for the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant Program by $5 million and reduces DOJ General Administration by the same amount; Castro (TX) (No. 97) that increases funding for the Body Worn Camera Partnership Initiative; Norman (No. 98) that transfers funding from the Department of Justice (DOJ) General Administration Account to Opioid Abuse Reduction Activities; McSally (No. 99) that increases State Criminal Alien Assistance Program (SCAAP) funding which reim-burses states and localities for the costs of incarcer-ating unlawfully present individuals who have com-mitted crimes in the United States by $10 million; Issa (No. 100) that increases funding for the Debbie Smith DNA Backlog Grant Program and equally de-creases funding for asset forfeiture; Cohen (No. 102) that increases funding for the Sexual Assault Kit Ini-tiative (SAKI) by $4 million, offset by a $4 million reduction to the increased amount allocated in the bill to the Drug Enforcement Administration; Brownley (No. 103) that increases funds for Veterans 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12SE7.REC D12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D961 September 12, 2017 
Treatment Courts by $3 million, off-set with $3 million from DEA; Jackson Lee (No. 107) that re-stricts the authority of the Secretary of Agriculture or any federal agency head from providing assistance and benefits to victims of trafficking as permitted by 22 U.S.C. 7105(b) of the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (114 Stat. 1464, Pub. Law 106–386), and that providing victims of trafficking access to information about their eligi-bility to receive SNAP benefits does not constitute the type of SNAP recruitment activities or ‘‘adver-tising’’ of the SNAP program prohibited by the bill and by Section 4018 of the Agriculture Act of 2014 (Public Law No: 113–079); Cicilline (No. 110) that provides funding to provide training and resources for first responders on carrying and administering an opioid overdose reversal drug or device approved or cleared by the Food and Drug Administration, and purchasing such a drug or device for first responders to carry; and Murphy (PA) (No. 111) that increases by $2 million grants that support community initia-tives and expand mental health and drug treatment; funds facilitate collaboration among the criminal jus-tice, juvenile justice, and mental health and sub-stance abuse treatment systems to improve access to effective treatment for people with mental illnesses involved with the justice system;
              Pages H7254–56 
McKinley amendment (No. 91 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that provides funding for the NOAA Environmental Security Computing Center to support an increase in electrical capacity and com-pletion of the build out;
                                        Page H7257 
Grothman amendment (No. 106 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that strikes language that currently prevents funds from being used to process applica-tions for relief from personal firearms disabilities; 
                                                                                    Pages H7260–61 
Pascrell amendment (No. 109 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that provides $100 million for the COPS Hiring Program;
                                                Pages H7262–63 
Smith (TX) amendment (No. 112 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that increases basic research in the physical and biological sciences by 0.5% of the NSF Research budget;
                                                        Page H7264 
Zeldin amendment (No. 115 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that lifts the ban on striped bass fishing in the Block Island Transit Zone between Montauk, NY and Block Island, RI;
                             Pages H7265–66 
Latta amendment (No. 118 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that prohibits the ATF from reclassifying the M855 ammunition as armor piercing ammuni-tion;
                                                                          Pages H7267–68 
Gaetz amendment (No. 122 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that prohibits NOAA from using funds to relocate the Southeast Fisheries Science Center lo-cated in Virginia Key, Florida;
                          Page H7268 Amash amendment (No. 126 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that restricts the federal government’s use of adoptive forfeiture;
                                      Pages H7272–73 
Roskam amendment (No. 127 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that prohibits bonuses to the Money Laun-dering and Asset Forfeiture division of DOJ until they make decisions on the backlog of petitions of remission or mitigation on civil asset forfeiture cases; 
                                                                                            Page H7273 
Walberg amendment (No. 129 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that limits funds to carry out De-partment of Justice Policy Directive 17–1, which re-instates the adoptive seizure policy and circumvents state limitations on civil asset forfeiture; 
                                                                                    Pages H7273–74 
Raskin amendment (No. 130 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that prohibits funds from being used to implement Order Number 3946–2017 allowing De-partment of Justice components and agencies to for-feit assets seized by State or local law enforcement agencies;
                                                                 Pages H7274–75 
Cole en bloc amendment No. 4 consisting of the following amendments printed in H. Rept. 115–297: Lee (No. 132) that increases funding for the Office of Job Corps, off-set with DOL adminis-tration funds; Bonamici (No. 140) that increases funding for Women Apprenticeships in Nontradi-tional Occupations Grants for local communities to provide pre-apprenticeship training; Bonamici (No. 143) that reduces Health Workforce by $18,270,000 and increases Health Workforce by $18,270,000 to express support for the Title VIII Nursing Work-force Development programs; Kildee (No. 144) that increases funding for programs that reduce lead ex-posure by $1 million each and decreases General De-partmental Management in the Office of the Sec-retary by the same amount; Nolan (No. 146) that increases the Centers for Disease Control and Preven-tion’s Emerging and Zoonotic Infectious Diseases program by $300,000 for additional Lyme Disease research, offset with a reduction to the Department of Health and Human Services Office of the Sec-retary account; Keating (No. 147) that provides funds to support distribution of CDC tick-borne dis-ease prevention and early detection materials in high-risk areas; Mast (No. 148) that increases the Safe Water Program under the CDC’s Environmental Health account by $400,000 to match FY17 pro-gram requirements and continue safeguarding public health by reducing and investigating environmental threats to water systems and addressing public expo-sure to waterborne contaminants; DeSaulnier (No. 151) that increases National Cancer Institute (NCI) funding by $1 million to execute a study on how to improve doctor-patient communication; Tonko (No. 153) that specifies that $12.5 million appropriated 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12SE7.REC D12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD962 September 12, 2017 
for the Substance Use and Mental Health Services Administration may be used to award competitive grants to strengthen mental health and substance use community crisis response systems as authorized in the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act; Denham (No. 157) that ensures shelters and centers that administer runaway and homeless youth grants do not face an extended gap in grant eligibility due to off-cycle appropriations from previous years; McSally (No. 159) that increases funding for the Older Americans Act (OAA) Title III B supportive services account $14.2 million; Bonamici (No. 162) that increases funding for State Assessment Grants, Title I, Part B by $8.9 million; Bonamici (No. 163) that increases funding for Title IV, Part A, Student Support and Academic Enrichment Grants, by $1.15 billion and decreases by same; DeSaulnier (No. 166) that provides $10 million in funding for Statewide Family Engagement Centers in education; Murphy (PA) (No. 177) that awards $10 million in grants for training medical residents and fellows practicing mental health and addiction treatment in under- served and community based settings that integrate primary care with mental and substance use dis-orders prevention and treatment services; Sewell (AL) (No. 181) that prohibits Child Care and Develop-ment Block Grant (CCDBG) funds from going to a child care provider that has been complicit, due to a health and safety violation, in the death of a child in its care and remains exempt from state licensure, safety, and oversight requirements; and Griffith (No. 185) that adds $2.734 million to the Black Lung Clinics Program in the Health Resources and Serv-ices Administration (HRSA) to provide for a total of $10 million, the authorized level, with this transfer offset by a reduction in HRSA’s Program Manage-ment account;
                                                      Pages H7275–77 
Foster amendment (No. 139 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that requires the Bureau of Labor Statistics to submit an estimate of the resources needed to model for various changes in the workforce composi-tion because of technological displacement; 
                                                                                    Pages H7281–82 
Nolan amendment (No. 152 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that increases National Cancer Institute funding by $3,819,000, offset with a reduction to the Department of Health and Human Services Of-fice of the Secretary account;
                       Pages H7285–86 
Kelly amendment (No. 156 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that supports funding of the Infant Adop-tion Awareness Training Program to train pregnancy and health counselors regarding how to offer adop-tion as an option to women with unplanned preg-nancies;
                                                                   Pages H7290–91 
Murphy (PA) amendment (No. 179 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that provides $10 million in grants to develop, maintain, or enhance a database of inpa-tient psychiatric facilities, crisis stabilization units, and residential community mental health and resi-dential substance use disorder treatment facilities to address a lack of inpatient psychiatric beds;                                                                                     Pages H7305–06 
Burgess amendment (No. 182 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that provides $10,000,000 to the Con-trolled Substance Monitoring Program, per 42 U.S.C. 280g–3; the amendment is offset by a reduc-tion in the Office of the Secretary, General Depart-ment Management for $10,000,000; and 
                                                                                    Pages H7306–07 
Scott (VA) amendment (No. 184 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that prohibits the use of funds in this Act to prepare for or facilitate the transfer of the Department of Labor’s Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs into the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
                                    Page H7307 
Rejected: Rosen amendment (No. 94 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that sought to maintain FY17 funding level for National Science Foundation’s Directorate for Computer and Information Science and Engineer-ing (CISE);
                                                            Pages H7257–58 
Serrano amendment (No. 123 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that sought to prohibit funds in the bill for private prisons;
                                            Pages H7268–70 
Mitchell amendment (No. 133 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that sought to reduce by 10% gen-eral administrative and departmental salary and ex-pense accounts in Division F, and transfers the sav-ings to the Spending Reduction Account; 
                                                                                    Pages H7278–79 
Sablan amendment (No. 136 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that sought to transfer funds from OSHA—Salaries and Expenses-Compliance Assist-ance-Federal Assistance to OSHA—Salaries and Ex-penses-Federal Enforcement to fund a Full Time Em-ployment position to increase OSHA enforcement presence in the Pacific as a result of recent worker fatalities and numerous injuries at construction and other work sites;
                                                Pages H7280–81 
Meng amendment (No. 141 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that sought to increase funding for the Behavioral Health Workforce and Training program by $5 million;
                                                     Pages H7282–83 
Meng amendment (No. 142 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that sought to increase funding for HRSA’s Geriatrics Workforce Enhancement Program by $4 million, consistent with the current enacted level of funding, and decrease funding for the Office of the Secretary of the HHS by the same amount; and
                                                                                    Page H7283 
Bonamici amendment (No. 158 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that sought to increase Aging and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12SE7.REC D12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D963 September 12, 2017 
Disability Services by $51,000,000 and reduces Gen-eral Departmental Management by $64,000,000 to provide additional funding for Older Americans Act Title III, parts B, C, and E nutrition programs. 
                                                                                    Pages H7291–92 
Withdrawn: Cohen amendment (No. 101 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that was offered and subsequently with-drawn that would have increased funding for Legal Services Corporation by $10 million, offset by a $10 million reduction to the increased amount allocated in the bill to the U.S. Marshals Service; 
                                                                                    Pages H7258–59 
Cohen amendment (No. 108 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that was offered and subsequently with-drawn that would have provided funds for the sup-port of Juvenile Justice;
                                 Pages H7261–62 
Tenney amendment (No. 150 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that was offered and subsequently with-drawn that would have increased $10 million to Community Services Block Grants and reduced fund-ing for Global Health by $14 million; and 
                                                                                            Page H7285 
Murphy (PA) amendment (No. 178 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that was offered and subsequently withdrawn that would have provided $5 million for the creation and operation of a National Mental Health and Substance Use Policy Laboratory. 
                                                                                            Page H7305 
Proceedings Postponed: Torres amendment (No. 87 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that seeks to increase funding for the Manufacturing Extension Partnership program which is offset by a reduction in funding for the General Administration Salaries and Expenses of the Depart-ment of Justice;
                                                  Pages H7256–57 
Grothman amendment (No. 105 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that seeks to reduce the funding level for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives by five percent;
                  Pages H7259–60 
Scott (VA) amendment (No. 113 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that seeks to strike section prohib-iting the EEOC from using funds to implement pay data collection;
                                                    Pages H7264–65 
Norton amendment (No. 117 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that seeks to prohibit the Federal Bureau of Prisons from requiring individuals in halfway houses or on home confinement to pay a subsistence fee;
                                                                             Pages H7266–67 
Flores amendment (No. 124 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that seeks to state that none of the funds made available by this Act may be used to imple-ment, administer, or enforce Executive Order No. 13547 (75 Fed. Reg. 43023, relating to the steward-ship of oceans, coasts, and the Great Lakes), includ-ing the National Ocean Policy developed under such Executive Order;                                                Pages H7269–70 
Buck amendment (No. 125 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that seeks to require that localities receiv-ing State Criminal Alien Assistance Program funds comply with federal immigration law;
   Pages H7270–72 
Kildee amendment (No. 131 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that seeks to increase funding for Youth Employment Activities by $10 million and reduce Department of Labor Salaries and Expenses by the same amount;
                                                      Pages H7277–78 
Pocan amendment (No. 134 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that seeks to restore funding to worker protection agencies, offset with DOL/HHS/ED pro-gram administration funds;
                          Pages H7279–80 
Meng amendment (No. 138 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that seeks to increase funding for the Women’s Bureau within the Department of Labor by $1.064 million, and decrease funding by the same amount for the Bureau of Labor Statistics—Prices and Cost of Living Division;
                               Page H7281 
Kildee amendment (No. 145 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that seeks to increase funding for the Healthy Start Program by $24.8 million and de-crease General Departmental Management in the Of-fice of the Secretary by the same amount; 
                                                                                    Pages H7283–84 
Flores amendment (No. 149 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that seeks to increase CDC funding by $40 million for an opioid drug overdose prevention program, increase National Cancer Institute funding by $40 million for pediatric cancer research, increase National Institute on Aging funding by $40 million for Alzheimer’s research, decrease CMS Program Management by $120 million;
                   Pages H7284–85 
Clark amendment (No. 154 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that seeks to restore funding to SAMHSA’s mental health programs, offset with HHS program administration funds;
               Page H7286 
Murphy (PA) amendment (No. 155 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that seeks to support funding of the Infant Adoption Awareness Training Program to train pregnancy and health counselors regarding how to offer adoption as an option to women with un-planned pregnancies;
                                        Pages H7288–90 
Ben Ray Lujan (NM) amendment (No. 160 print-ed in H. Rept. 115–297) that seeks to decrease funding for HHS General Departmental Manage-ment by $2 million and transfer those funds to the Peer Support Programs;
                                 Pages H7292–93 
Lowey amendment (No. 161 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that seeks to restore funding to 21st Cen-tury Community Learning Centers program, offset with Department of Education program administra-tion funds;
                                                             Pages H7293–94 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12SE7.REC D12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD964 September 12, 2017 
Courtney amendment (No. 164 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that seeks to increase Funding for Magnet Schools Assistance by $1,184,000; decrease funding for Charter School Grants by $1,184,000; 
                                                                                    Pages H7294–95 
Lewis (MN) amendment (No. 167 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that seeks to increase funding for Career and Technical Education (CTE) State Grants by $70,246,000;
                                                Pages H7295–97 
Grothman amendment (No. 168 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that seeks to reduce funding for the Department of Education’s Program Administration, Office of Inspector General, and Office of Student Aid Administration by 2%;
                         Pages H7297–98 
Grothman amendment (No. 170 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that seeks to reduce the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) budget by $99,000,000, funding the NLRB at $150,000,000 for FY2018; the amendment would also reduce budget authority by $99 million and reduce outlays by $92 million;
                                                  Pages H7298–99 
Meadows amendment (No. 172 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that seeks to reduce the number of positions and funding at Mine Safety and Health Administration by 10%;
                         Pages H7299–H7300 
Walberg amendment (No. 173 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that seeks to prevent funding to im-plement the National Labor Relations Board’s Am-bush Election rule;
                                            Pages H7300–01 
Blackburn amendment (No. 174 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that seeks to provide for a 1% across the board cut to Division F;
          Pages H7301–02 
Murphy (PA) amendment (No. 175 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that seeks to provide $5 million for grants that enhance infant and early childhood men-tal health promotion, intervention, and treatment programs;
                                                               Pages H7302–04 
Murphy (PA) amendment (No. 176 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that seeks to provide $9 million to provide access to behavioral health integration in pe-diatric primary care by supporting the development and improvement of statewide or regional pediatric mental health care telehealth access programs; 
                                                                                    Pages H7304–05 
Ellison amendment (No. 186 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that seeks to prohibit funds from going federal contracts with willful or repeated violators of the Fair Labor Standards Act; and
            Pages H7307–09 
Gibbs amendment (No. 187 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that seeks to prohibit funds to implement, administer, or enforce the final regulations on ‘‘Im-prove Tracking of Workplace Injuries and Illnesses’’. 
                                                                                    Pages H7309–10 
H. Res. 504, the rule providing for further con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 3354) was agreed to Thursday, September 7th. Suspension—Proceedings Postponed: The House debated the following measure under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. Joint Counterterrorism Awareness Workshop Se-ries Act of 2017: H.R. 3284, amended, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish a Joint Counterterrorism Awareness Workshop Series.                                                                                     Pages H7229–32 
Senate Referrals: S.J. Res. 49 was held at the desk. S. 416 was held at the desk. S. 327 was held at the desk. S. 444 was held at the desk. S. 462 was held at the desk. S. 484 was held at the desk. S. 488 was held at the desk. S. 102 was held at the desk. S. 1311 was referred to the Committee on the Judici-ary, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security. S. 1312 was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs.
                                     Page H7310 
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate and message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today ap-pears on pages H7229 and H7277. Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appears on page H7287. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 10:05 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
EXAMINING THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN PRUDENTIAL REGULATION AND MONETARY POLICY AT THE FEDERAL RESERVE Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Fi-nancial Institutions and Consumer Credit; and Sub-committee on Monetary Policy and Trade held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Relationship Between Prudential Regulation and Monetary Policy at the Federal Reserve’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. SANCTIONS, DIPLOMACY, AND INFORMATION: PRESSURING NORTH KOREA Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Sanctions, Diplomacy, and Infor-mation: Pressuring North Korea’’. Testimony was heard from Susan A. Thornton, Acting Assistant Sec-retary, Bureau of East Asian and Pacific Affairs, De-partment of State; and Marshall Billingslea, Assistant Secretary, Office of Terrorism and Financial Intel-ligence, Department of the Treasury. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12SE7.REC D12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D965 September 12, 2017 
OCCUPATIONAL LICENSING: REGULATION AND COMPETITION Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Regu-latory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law held a hearing entitled ‘‘Occupational Licensing: Regula-tion and Competition’’. Testimony was heard from Maureen Ohlhausen, Acting Chairman, Federal Trade Commission; Sarah Allen, Senior Assistant At-torney General, Office of the Attorney General, Vir-ginia; and public witnesses. LEGISLATIVE MEASURE Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Fed-eral Lands held a hearing on H.R. 3668, the ‘‘SHARE Act’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee began a markup on H.R. 210, the ‘‘Native American En-ergy Act’’; H.R. 424, the ‘‘Gray Wolf State Manage-ment Act of 2017’’; H.R. 717, the ‘‘Listing Reform Act’’; H.R. 1274, the ‘‘State, Tribal and Local Spe-cies Transparency and Recovery Act’’; H.R. 2603, the ‘‘SAVES Act’’; H.R. 3131, the ‘‘Endangered Spe-cies Litigation Reasonableness Act’’; and H.R. 3668, the ‘‘SHARE Act’’. CRIMINAL ALIEN GANG MEMBER REMOVAL ACT Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 3697, the ‘‘Criminal Alien Gang Member Re-moval Act’’. The Committee granted, by record vote of 7–3, a closed rule for H.R. 3697. The rule pro-vides one hour of debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the amendment printed in the Rules Committee report shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be consid-ered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. In section 2, the rule provides that on any legislative day during the period from Sep-tember 15, 2017, through September 22, 2017: the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. In section 3, the rule provides that the Speaker may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the duration of the period ad-dressed by section 2. Testimony was heard from Representatives Johnson of Louisiana, Lofgren, and Jackson Lee. VA MAIL MANAGEMENT: THE CASE OF THE $11,257 PACKAGE Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Over-sight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘VA Mail Management: The Case of the $11,257 Pack-age’’. Testimony was heard from John Oswalt, Exec-utive Director for Privacy, Office of Information and Technology, Department of Veterans Affairs; and Lori Rectanus, Director, Physical Infrastructure Issues, Government Accountability Office. 
Joint Meetings 
FREE DIGITAL TRADE Joint Economic Committee: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the dynamic gains from free dig-ital trade for the United States economy, after receiv-ing testimony from Daniel Griswold, George Mason University Mercatus Center, Arlington, Virginia; Sean Heather, United States Chamber of Commerce, and Daniel A. Sepulveda, former Deputy Assistant Secretary of State, both of Washington, D.C.; and Nick Quade, Relay Networks Inc., Deephaven, Min-nesota. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to hold hearings to examine transportation innovation, fo-cusing on automated trucks and our Nation’s highways, 10 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold hear-ings to examine expanding and accelerating the deploy-ment and use of carbon capture, utilization, and seques-tration, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: business meeting to consider the nomination of Daniel J. Kaniewski, of Minnesota, to be Deputy Administrator for National Preparedness, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, 9:55 a.m., SD–342. Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Man-agement, to hold hearings to examine the Office of Man-agement and Budget’s memorandum on the Federal workforce, focusing on OMB’s ongoing government-wide reorganization, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: business meeting to con-sider H.R. 984, to extend Federal recognition to the Chickahominy Indian Tribe, the Chickahominy Indian Tribe-Eastern Division, the Upper Mattaponi Tribe, the Rappahannock Tribe, Inc., the Monacan Indian Nation, and the Nansemond Indian Tribe, S. 1285, to allow the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians, the Confederated Tribes of the Grand Ronde 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Dec 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD17\SEPTEMBER\D12SE7.REC D12SE7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD966 September 12, 2017 Community of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes of Siletz Indians of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes of Warm Springs, and the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of Indians to lease or transfer certain lands, and S. 1333, to provide for rental assistance for homeless or at-risk Indian veterans; to be immediately followed by an oversight hearing to examine high risk Indian programs, focusing on progress and efforts in addressing Government Ac-countability Office recommendations, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. 
House 
Committee on Education and the Workforce, Subcommittee on Workforce Protections; and Subcommittee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pensions, joint hearing on H.R. 3441, the ‘‘Save Local Business Act’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Ray-burn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-vironment, hearing entitled ‘‘Big Relief for Small Busi-ness: Legislation Reducing Regulatory Burdens on Small Manufacturers and Other Job Creators’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Modern-izing FDA’s Regulation of Over-the-Counter Drugs’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Health, markup on H.R. 1148, the ‘‘FAST Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2465, the ‘‘Steve Gleason En-during Voices Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2557, the ‘‘Prostate Cancer Misdiagnosis Elimination Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3120, to reduce the volume of future electronic health record-related significant hardship requests; H.R. 3245, the ‘‘Medicare Civil and Criminal Penalties Act’’; H.R. 3263, to extend the Medicare Independence at Home Medical Practice Demonstration program; and H.R. 3271, the ‘‘Protecting Access to Diabetes Supplies Act of 2017’’, 1 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Mone-tary Policy and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘A Legislative Proposal to Impede North Korea’s Access to Finance’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of Democ-racy and Governance in Liberia’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, hearing entitled ‘‘The Venezuela Crisis: The Malicious Influence of State and Criminal Actors’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Counterterrorism and Intelligence, hearing entitled ‘‘Six-teen Years After 9/11: Assessing Suspicious Activity Re-porting Efforts’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on Natural Resources, Full Committee, con-tinue markup on H.R. 210, the ‘‘Native American En-ergy Act’’; H.R. 424, the ‘‘Gray Wolf State Management Act of 2017’’; H.R. 717, the ‘‘Listing Reform Act’’; H.R. 1274, the ‘‘State, Tribal and Local Species Transparency and Recovery Act’’; H.R. 2603, the ‘‘SAVES Act’’; H.R. 3131, the ‘‘Endangered Species Litigation Reasonableness Act’’; and H.R. 3668, the ‘‘SHARE Act’’, 11 a.m., 1334 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, markup on legislation on the Secret Service Re-cruitment and Retention Act of 2017; legislation on the Presidential Allowance Modernization Act of 2017; H.R. 1701, the ‘‘Eliminating Government-funded Oil-painting Act’’; H.R. 3019, the ‘‘Promoting Value Based Procure-ment Act of 2017’’; legislation on the Reporting Use of Social Media in Clearance Investigations Act of 2017; H.R. 3071, the ‘‘Federal Acquisition Savings Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2331, the ‘‘Connected Government Act’’; H.R. 294, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2700 Cullen Boulevard in Pearland, Texas, as the ‘‘Endy Ekpanya Post Office Build-ing’’; H.R. 452, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 324 West Saint Louis Street in Pacific, Missouri, as the ‘‘Specialist Jeffrey L. White, Jr. Post Office’’; H.R. 606, to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 1025 Nevin Avenue in Richmond, California, as the ‘‘Harold D. McCraw, Sr., Post Office Building’’; H.R. 1207, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 306 River Street in Tilden, Texas, as the ‘‘Tilden Veterans Post Office’’; H.R. 1208, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 9155 Schaefer Road, Converse, Texas, as the ‘‘Converse Veterans Post Office Building’’; H.R. 1209, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 901 N. Francisco Avenue, Mission, Texas, as the ‘‘Mission Veterans Post Office Building’’; H.R. 1210, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 122 W. Goodwin Street, Pleasanton, Texas, as the ‘‘Pleasanton Veterans Post Office’’; H.R. 1211, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 400 N. Main Street, Encinal, Texas, as the ‘‘Encinal Veterans Post Office’’; H.R. 1858, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4514 Williamson Trail in Liberty, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Ryan Scott Ostrom Post Office’’; H.R. 1950, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 120 West Pike Street in Canonsburg, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Police Officer Scott Bashioum Post Office Building’’; H.R. 2254, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2635 Napa Street in Vallejo, California, as the ‘‘Janet Capello Post Office Building’’; H.R. 2302, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 259 Nassau Street, Suite 2 in Princeton, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Dr. John F. Nash, Jr. Post Office’’; H.R. 2464, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 25 New Chardon Street Lobby in Boston, Massachusetts, as the ‘‘John Fitzgerald Kennedy Post Office’’; H.R. 2815, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 30 East Somerset Street in Raritan, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Sergeant John Basilone Post Office’’; H.R. 2873, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 207 Glenside Avenue in Wyncote, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Peter Taub Post Of-fice Building’’; H.R. 3109, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1114 North 2nd Street in Chillicothe, Illinois, as the ‘‘Sr. Chief Ryan Owens Post Office Building’’; H.R. 3230, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 915 Center Avenue in Payette, Idaho, as the ‘‘Harmon 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12SE7.REC D12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D967 September 12, 2017 Killebrew Post Office Building’’; and H.R. 3369, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 225 North Main Street in Spring Lake, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Howard B. Pate, Jr. Post Office’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Serving Small Businesses: Examining the Effec-tiveness of HUBZone Reforms’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub- committee on Economic Development, Public Buildings, and Emergency Management, hearing entitled ‘‘Building a 21st Century Infrastructure for America: Economic De-velopment Stakeholders’ Perspectives’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Dis-ability Assistance and Memorial Affairs, hearing on H.R. 1721, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to des-ignate at least one city in the United States each year as an ‘‘American World War II City’’, and for other pur-poses; H.R. 1900, the ‘‘National Veterans Memorial and Museum Act’’; H.R. 3122, the ‘‘Veterans Care Financial Protection Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3656, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a consistent eligibility date for provision of Department of Veterans Affairs me-morial headstones and markers for eligible spouses and dependent children of veterans whose remains are unavail-able; H.R. 3657, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide headstones and markers for the graves of spouses and chil-dren of veterans who are buried in tribal cemeteries; and legislation on the Veterans Fair Debt Notice Act of 2017; and a legislation on the Veterans Fair Debt Notice Act of 2017, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 3729, the ‘‘Comprehensive Operations, Sustain-ability, and Transport Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3727, to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to include additional telehealth services for purposes of MA organi-zation bids, and for other purposes; H.R. 3726, the ‘‘Stark Administrative Simplification Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2824, the ‘‘Increasing Opportunity through Evidence- Based Home Visiting Act’’; and H.R. 2792, the ‘‘Control Unlawful Fugitive Felons Act of 2017’’, 10:30 a.m., 1100 Longworth. Subcommittee on Oversight, hearing entitled ‘‘IRS Re-form: Resolving Taxpayer Disputes’’, 2 p.m., 1100 Long-worth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12SE7.REC D12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD968 September 12, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Wednesday, September 13 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 2810, National Defense Authorization Act, with no post- cloture time remaining. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Wednesday, September 13 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Continue consideration of H.R. 3354—Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018. Consid-eration of H.R. 3697—Criminal Alien Gang Member Re-moval Act (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Babin, Brian, Tex., E1206 Bonamici, Suzanne, Ore., E1202 Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E1201 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E1209 Correa, J. Luis, Calif., E1205 Courtney, Joe, Conn., E1206 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E1203 Huizenga, Bill, Mich., E1209 Jayapal, Pramila, Wash., E1206 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E1208 Kuster, Ann M., N.H., E1202, E1208 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E1204 Mooney, Alexander X., W.Va., E1202 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E1201, E1207 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E1199, E1200, E1202, E1203, E1204, E1205, E1207, E1208 Olson, Pete, Tex., E1199, E1206 Panetta, Jimmy, Calif., E1199, E1200 Price, David E., N.C., E1207 Radewagen, Aumua Amata Coleman, American Samoa, E1199 Raskin, Jamie, Md., E1201 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E1207 Roskam, Peter J., Ill., E1201, E1202, E1204, E1205 Rutherford, John H., Fla., E1206 Sa´nchez, Linda T., Calif., E1203 Sensenbrenner, F. James, Jr., Wisc., E1205 Shimkus, John, Ill., E1205 Smith, Jason, Mo., E1206 Swalwell, Eric, Calif., E1203 Tiberi, Patrick J., Ohio, E1204 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 Sep 13, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D12SE7.REC D12SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST